I was all set to write a review of this Friday afternoon and give it two stars, but Friday night, after the ball game, we headed up there.  Somewhere in between the good conversation, loud-but-not-too-loud bar noise and more than a few drinks I had a great time.  The trappings (flags, showy beer taps, etc) ring a bit false to me, but I am, after all, an Irishman treading in dangerous territory.    Drinks are stiff and relatively cheap.  There's usually always a free table to sit at and the clientele is varied and friendly.  Not the best of CenPho but not the worst, either.
Yes, it's true.  You will hear British accents here. One of the better neighborhood bars in central Phoenix, George & Dragon is also one of the best British pubs in Arizona.  A very friendly and diverse crowd - I made some of my first friends here in AZ at George & Dragon.    Not exactly like a typical British/Irish pub crowd - as this place is frequented by a more punk-rock, rag-tag, counter-culture bohemian crowd.  Whatevs.  It keeps things interesting.  People playing darts or pool are always up for talking and invite you to join in.  The bartenderesses here are always very nice and well endowed at the same time.  Beer selection is among the best in Central Phoenix it would make any discerning Brooklyn hipster drool with delight. Chimay, Tetley's, Stella Artois, Kronenburg, Boddington and Anchor Steam are among the brews available. The jukebox is a gem - everything from The Kinks to the Police, David Bowie and Tom Jones.    No Country Karaoke on Mondays is a riot, and has one of the hugest song lists in town from which to choose.  They have also recently added a 1960s British mod dance night on Wednesdays.
My first and only experience (to date) with George and Dragon was not very pleasant. When you walk in you are magically whisked away to an all-too-authentic British pub. That's great if what you are after is smelling like an ashtray after a meal of Shepherd's Pie.   The waitress that served me seemed a little brusque. Maybe that's part of the restaurant's "charm"?  The bathroom was in a transitory state of disrepair... or at least I hope it was transitory. I wasn't even sure if I was supposed to be in there.  Televisions are available for watching the soccer match and they have many types of beer on tap. I noticed a jukebox but didn't turn it on for fear of being pummeled severely by the other gruff-looking patrons while the soccer match was on.  This place has a little bit of an edge to it. If that's what you're into and you're just looking for a spot to grab a beer with a buddy, then check it out for sure. I'm not sure when or if I'll be back again, personally.
I have to be honest, I've not tasted the food at George & Dragon.  This is based solely on the libations.  I have been there a few times for some beer and chit-chat, and my favorite thing about this place is the energy that lights the place up.  It just has a "fun place" feel to it, and that opinion was shared by a couple of people I had met there now and then for some pints.  If a loud pub is not your style, this won't be either, but otherwise it's definitely worth a try.
Three and a half stars.   I feel for this place as the light rail construction has made it damn near impossible to even try to drop in here. In the days before the light rail destroyed Central Avenue I would come here from time to time, and it was always ok. Not especially good or bad, just ok.  Beers are expensive but they have a good selection of foreigns to test out. What is mildly discouraging is that even the domestics are overpriced.  They occassionally host cool events or concerts here and I highly recommend dropping in on days like those, but aside from that, whatever.
minus a star for not having an EPL ticket to show all the games. for F###'s sake you are THE english bar in phoenix and I can't watch my beloved gunners unless they are on ch 167?? come on.   If you are going to hang the flags and scarfs at least have the game, when its 7am and i want to get pissed watching arsenal-chelsea in the '5th' biggest city in the US and I cant, well, it doesn't make daddy happy. haha all in all not a bad place great beer selection nice decor, simply put, its one of those places where you get some drinks in for 2-3 hours, walk out and say "holy sh!t, the sun is still out????"
Located in the holy bermuda triangle of awesomeness and light rail construction of central Phoenix, I had to try this place out. Wednesdays apparently they host a mod/soul dance night. Since I had to be around the Indian School 'hood anyway, I figured-this is the time. Well, this must be one hell of a popular night to go-I had trouble finding parking in their huge lot! Only when I saw a group of young male hipsters go to their car around 11:30 did I score a spot...the farthest spot away from the pub!  I entered the side door, I was greeted by pool tables and went straight to the bar. Lots of random guys at the bar and fabulously mod, blackhaired ladies smoking were gathered around but managed to get a stool and just got an Amstel light on the tip their other beers were price-y. I looked around, seeing the DJ spinning some James Brown with an old American Bandstand playing on the TV above him. Some ladies in A-line dresses and guys were R&Bing their way while holding lit cigarettes. A small dance floor for maybe 20 people, the rest were holding court at large booths, round tables and standing around in the back-pretty much a full house. I also spotted near the pool tables DARTS. And while they have the shitty electronic ones, I did spot an AUTHENTIC old-skool one wedged inbetween-I def. have to bring my dart set next time!  The crowd was friendly and guys from other dance nights I attend were there and we struck up an easy-going conversation-hard to hear sometimes since right next to the "dance floor". I don't think there is much going on Wednesday nights-this is apprently "it". Some guys left to do Casey Moores, but since the dance floor wasn't packed and the other tables were filled, I just left after one beer. I have no idea what this place is like other nights, but the bartenders were friendly and the general vibe of this place is laid-back but not cheezy.
A fun, laid-back bar where everything is worn, well loved, and comfortable.  The food is delicious and reasonably priced.  Went for lunch today.  Navigating the construction traffic was difficult, but worth it.  I ordered the Shepherds Pie (delicious comfort food!) and my friend ordered the fish and chips (likewise tasty!).  Massive beer selection, friendly waitresses, great atmosphere - definitely worth a try and I hope to get back again soon.
a great laid back bar with tons of comfy booths, carlsberg on tap,  plenty of english football and memrobilia, and a lot of good people.   as others have said, the place has an edge to it pretty much just because of its location in the art district. its one of the great laidback bars for the hipster/punk crowd next to shady's and the paper heart. its a great place to go before/after first friday or roller derby. and just a great place to hang out or warm up before going elsewhere.  the one star off is for the food there which is pretty lackluster. its a little on the expensive side and comes in small portions and pretty mediocre quality. definitely not the best fish and chips you will ever have.   i would stick to the great beer selection which yes, includes carlsberg on draft. i haven't found another place in arizona which even sells carlsberg in bottles, but then there aren't many english pubs in arizona.  the no EPL ticket is pretty lame though, they really need to shell out the dough for that.
This bar is not for everyone, and its location leaves much to be desired... however, I can't help but love this place. It's a little bit of a trek for me, so I don't go very often - however, I do try to go as much as I can.   When smoking was allowed, this place was difficult to breathe in. Now it's much nicer. The food is delicious I think, but I've had friends tell me they weren't so pleased... most people I talk to though seem to like it. There are booths that seat about 5 people. The seats are high and make it somewhat private. The bar is huge and they have waitstaff, so it's fairly easy to get a drink usually. It's also seldom crowded which is nice.   They host their own free poker nights with prizes... there's also pool, darts, and plenty of televisions to watch soccer on. G&D could use a bit of a facelift, but it's holding up well. The waitresses and bartenders are pretty hot and look like they could be suicide girls. There's usually someone good looking in there - but no pressure to be good looking or dressed up yourself. It's very casual. The place has a bit of a punky edge to it - most of the regulars seem to be into that. If that's "your people" then you should go check it out. If these aren't your people and you want to check it out - don't feel intimidated... everyone there is pretty nice. I should also mention that there's lots of beer on tap and the mixed drinks are usually really strong.  I'm realizing now that I need to come up with a formula for my reviews so they are more uniform and aren't so chaotic. Basically, G&D is a good place to go for a British Pub experience in the valley, but it's really more of a neighborhood bar full of regulars than a hot spot. Totally worth checking out though.
I mostly come here on Thursday nights for trivia night - and I always have a great time.   The happy hour is decent and I like to take advantage of the $1 off any beer. They have a great beer selection on both draft and by the bottle. As an added bonus, you can add a $1 shooter to your draft at any time. Food-wise, the Shepard's Pie is large and delicious - the perfect comfort food to accompany that pint. The fish and chips is another favorite of mine - the generous fillet is cooked just to the right crispiness.   The atmosphere is the real fun though, if you're into the whole English pub vibe. The place oozes Britain - from the flag painted on the bathroom ceiling to the tube sign tables. Plus the owner, David, is actually from Britain and mingles with the customers as if he was welcoming him into his own home. Be sure to check out the jukebox - it's one of the best I've seen!
4240. Easy address to find. Plenty of parking in the rear. Street-facing patio for those who want to poke their heads outside, or for those who need their nic fix.   No noticeable "Entrance," though the "Exit" Is marked (I guess that's the more important sign to have up, anyway, in case the party inside gets too fun.)  (NOTE: "Main Entrance" is on the south side of the building. Once you walk in, the bathrooms are on your left - pool tables on your right. So much safer than walking into a game of darts!)  We walked in through the Exit... and just about took a dart to the temple. Quick, duck!   There were patrons playing darts, chattin' at tables, standing at the bar... It was filled without being packed. Open seats at the bar beckoned to us, so who were we to ignore the call? I took my seat and ordered a Guinness. Service was fast and attentive. My 2nd round came right as I finished my first.   This place is cool, although on the night I went (my first night, for the record) I noticed there was plenty of men, but only a few females. This bodes well if you're looking to get hit on, I thought... Of course, what happens when I just want to chill out with a drink? Guess we'll see next time.   In any case, with my friend in tow and conversation free flowing, I had a great time. Bonus - this place is within stumbling distance from my new abode. Nice!   So, naturally, the night I'm saddled up to the bar and enjoying my Irish beer and the happy buzz that it gives me, I notice something peculiar. Never mind the mix of people -- from artistic smarts to tat canvases to baseball fans. Instead, I noticed the female bartenders cleaning up the bar with aggressive impatience... almost like slapping their rags on the bar top was the clear call to clear out. What time was it? I checked my phone. 12:18, precisely. Even bars in Oklahoma stay open later than that. I looked at my comrade in puzzlement. What gives?   I guess we were being told that closing was coming soon, and our patronage with on a deadline. Well then. I savored the last gulps of my Guinness and we left... long before last call, I'm certain of it. But I didn't want to stick around to find out.   4 stars - based on a first experience. I say that's pretty damn good. I'll definitely be back. (NOTE: I went back...the next night! And I had just as great - if not a better - time at G&D. Bonus! I heard real British accents!)
"Fancy a shoe shine Governaaa?"  (Governor for you non-British)  Authentic British style Pub...enough said. George & Dragon is fabulous! On the outside it looks mediocre at best, though the British feel is felt as soon as you walk in and see all the different Football Club Flags, Football Jerseys, (Soccer for you non-British) and UK country flags, and other miscellaneous pub paraphernalia. Inside, the place is warm and inviting, the tables have the Union Jack, English Cross, and London Underground Logos on them. The crescent shape booths are comfortable, and the bar has ample seating. This is place you go to with friends, or a date, and just spend hours talking over some pints.  The music is chosen by the patrons via a "secret" jukebox, so it can vary from Van Morrison, to Curtis Mayfield, to Outkast.  I went with my favorite pub "friend', one that we can just talk for several hours and not really notice the time, so it made the experience that much more enjoyable. This is really a place you can just loose track of time and amount of pints consumed, as you expect to walk outside and hop on some form of public transportation and make your way back to your flat (apartment for you non-British). I guess the war zone that is Central Ave, will bring us a form of transportation in this area, but judging by the condition of this road, we have a bit of time to wait.  As I was waiting for my friend I chatted up a guy sitting outside about how I drove from The Roosevelt to G&D on Central Ave. He asked me "what do you have a 4x4?" and was serious. I said "No I have a Golf, but it's German."  Moral of this story, avoid Central Ave. at all costs.   The one small downside, (bathroom issue) is the size of the bathrooms, they have just one toilet,  for men and one for women, which really is meant  for just one person at a time. In traditional European fashion,  I was "doubled up on".  As I went in to relieve myself, a dude just followed me in and was planning on using the above mentioned toilet, as I took the urinal.  I said "Hey, you doubling up in here?" He proceeded to respond "Hey we are guys, it's cool" This is the type of place that doubling up in the men's bathroom is OK, it just adds to th charm, hey you could triple up here, as they do have a sink as well. ;)
Veggie pasty. Old Peculiar. HP Sauce. A side of darts. Try and get those things together anywhere else in Phoenix. I dare you. 'Nuff said.
Back before the statewide smoking ban, George & Dragon used to really get me goolies in a twist. I mean, here's a place where I can watch soccer, get a good plate of fish & chips and choose from many good brews.   But I could't go there because I'm a normal air-breathing human. But now, it's 2007 and the smokers have been banished to the outdoors. Gooooooaaaaaaaaallllll! That means I can hang out at the George and watch quality soccer since I'm too cheap to spring for Gol TV at home. Plus I don't have a bartender firing off hysterical commentary at home.   The shepherd's pie isn't bad, either. But if you're in the mood for a Cornish pasty, go to The Cornish Pasty Company in Tempe. They don't play the soccer games, but you stand a good chance of hearing some Iron Maiden blaring over the speakers!  Back to the George, I think we've covered it all. Now just wait 'til that blasted construction is finished...
The biggest challenge here is getting your hands on a drink menu. IF, and I mean IF, you are able to obtain one of the elusive drink menus you are in for a treat.  George and Dragon is really different than other local bars and pubs. It's owned by a true Brit with a real cockney accent and run by a bunch of tatted up punk rock looking girls. The contrast of the football flags and the Camden town style of the wait staff makes the atmosphere interesting.   There is a good crowd at the bar. Except for the usual few a-holes you find in every bar, The G & D is patronized by hipsters and business men alike. Families eating bangers and mash sit seats away from rowdy college kids. Stock brokers drink ale next to drunkards slamming whiskey and stylish career gals drinking cosmos. It's a unique mix rarely found in Arizona.  The food is pretty good too. English food is by definition terrible. I lived in Cambridge for a few months and found it hard to digest most traditional English fare, but G & D does a good mix of American classics and British favorites. Even the cold egg thing that my boyfriend loves (and I hate) seems to be a hit with most patrons.  George and Dragon is a great place to meet with friends, have happy hour with co-workers or sit alone and stew. Either way you should have a good time in this gem of a pub.   Don't forget to try the fried pickles!
This is a pub.  Pool, darts and good beer.  The food is typical bar food with an English flavor to it.  The crowd is always a mix, and a pleasant one at that.  It's central location makes it easy for the after work crowd, which is when I went.  Haven't been there in the evening.  Plenty of parking, which is a plus in this area.
I first fell in love with George & Dragon during World Cup 2002. On the night Brazil defeated England, the patrons actually lifted the one man with a Brazil jersey into the air and carried him to the back door.  People often think G&D has overpriced drinks. It really doesn't. Last night, I bought $8 rounds of vodka tonic and Smithwick's pints. I don't know how the price was split, exactly, but $4 for either drink is decent.  Monday's No Country Karaoke isn't much different from your average karaoke night, but a few genuinely talented crooners do show up, and the wireless mike makes the whole pub a stage.  G&D's business has slowed because of light-rail construction on Central, but the fun factor still is there. I've never had a bad time. If singing and drinking isn't your thing, pool tables line one side of the pub. Also, a fenced outdoor patio allows smokers to have a puff while keeping their drinks in hand. Bravo.
Great English pub with great food, beer and atmosphere.  We have spent many a night here, even a few New Years Eves, which was a lot of fun. They have a great beer selection, their food, mostly traditional English fair is really good, some of the best fish and chips in town. The staff is courteous and friendly, as are the patrons. The place is decorated with a lot of wood, English football banners and scarves, TVs with football (soccer) playing and both tables and booths, other than the bar. There is a dining hall next to the main room, a few pool tables and jukebox and nightly events.  G&D is always a great time, one of the best places to meet up with friends for dinner and drinks.
I love the "no apologies" approach of George and Dragon.  I've been going to this bar for almost 8 years (which is a lifetime in PHX), and not even the scent has changed (despite being smoke-free, for what, like 2 years)  Its like the Binion's Horseshoe of Phoenix pubs.    Classic.  Comfortable. Cocksure.   Vile.  Smarmy.  Ruddy.  Everything a British Pub should be -- complete with Smithwick's and Fish/Chips.  Their music is tip-top, and though it doesn't exist anymore, I was highly, HIGHLY impressed by their Northern Soul night on Wednesdays.  I mean, holy smokes, what a freaking stunt!  Too bad it couldn't maintain.  Either way, you've got the EPL on Saturdays and Sundays, so this appeases the loss of midweek, underground Motown.  And as an aside, this place is mos def in my Top 5 of places that need to have the smoking ban recanted.  Yes, i have a list.
English Pub theme aside, this is one great all-around bar / restaurant.  After 6 or 7 visits, no element of this place has disappointed me.  George and Dragon "feels" like it could've been one of the first pubs in Phoenix, yet I don't know how long its been around... my point is it feels great.  The service is always friendly and prompt, the crowd is always diverse, and the frequent weekend live music is a big plus.  I've felt sort of a rockabilly theme more often than not, but I have yet to make it there on a Wednesday, so I can't speak to anything but the weekend crowd.  I also heard its a good place to get some work done in the afternoon, as they offer wi-fi, too!  Cool, eh?  Pool and darts live here, too, as noted in previous reviews.  Want a great place to catch up with some out-of-town friends without being annoyed?  Go to George & Dragon!  Great vibe, great bar.
I'm being generous - they don't deserve the star.  Because several friends recommended the G&D, I went in there once.  The place was NOT busy.  I sat down at a table.  While waiting for service, I pulled out my PDA and read the news off the net.  When I looked at my watch, and saw that half-an-hour had gone by without anyone EVER coming within 6ft. of my table -- much less asking if I wanted to order anything -- food or booze or coffee or a glass of water -- nobody.  Nothing.  I simply got up and walked out.  When I go to a restaurant, I do NOT beg for service.  I expect someone to come to my table and ask me if I want something.  They didn't do that.  Fortunately for me, there is, at least, another restaurant (there may even be two or three) in the greater Phoenix metropolitan area, so I won't starve.  Altho, with that level of non-service, the G&D might.
When in Central Phoenix, this is always one of my favorite places to go.  It's quite the funky English Pub, and a great place to watch European soccer matches.  They have a HUGE selection of beers from all over the world, and pretty decent food (not great, not horrible, just decent) on the menu.  I like this place because the people who come here have this "I am who I am and this is how I'm going to be" attitude.  There is not one "type" of person that comes here, which makes it great in my mind.  They have pool tables, darts, and a good juke box too.  I cannot remember at time where I have had bad service here too, and the staff is totally funky and fits the vibe of the place.  One should not expect the world if they come here, but for just an all around good time, the G&D is for you.  The best English Pub in the valley in my mind.
Being English, I love this restaurant. Great fish and chips, bangers and mash, shepherd's pie and of course sherry trifle dessert. Cool place to play darts and socialize and mingle. The staff is friendly and atmosphere great. Love their beer selection, I drink Newcastle the most.
I've been feeling kind of homesick (for Chicago [i got over it])) lately. Went to this bar/restaurant a few weeks ago and it felt like home. When I first stepped in there was that old nasty smoke smell. The Clash was playing on the jukebox. I'm not a smoker and I usually don't like that smell, but I instantly felt a sense of happiness. I know! Pretty wackadoo. But right away it felt like it had some history to it.   Love the big booths andthe service was great. The waitress was so friendly, but not in a so bubbly I'm going to vomit kind of way. The fried zucchini and sausage rolls were yummolicious. Cornish pasty was good. Yorkshire pudding. Not so good. It was almost solid. Yorkshire pudding is suppose to be puffed up and hollow. And it was in this yucky gravy. But I forgive them. You can't be too picky about English cuisine. But I will definitely come back to try the fish and chips.
Despite the Union Jacks and other signage of British Origin, you will never lose yourself and think you're in a London pub. However, this is a fun lively place with an orgasmic selection of beers and a wonderful atmosphere. It will NEVER be London, but it's about as close as you'll get in The valley. HIGHLY recommend it!
I don't know what it is about this place. It smells like my Grandma's closet, the clientele are questionable and none of it makes a bit of damned sense why I keep returning. Besides their beer selection putting a twinkle in my eye and the menu making my heart stop. I find it endearing to post up and get crunk on the patio overlooking Central Ave.  I took a first date here, she enjoyed herself and I got a goodnight kiss that night. He shoots, he scores! Maybe it was just the booze talking.  Nevertheless, it's definitely my default. Since its within walking distance, "G&D" is sent in a mass text message on any of the 6 nights I drink.
Loves it!  Nothing like the eery feeling that you might get raped in the parking lot to make a girl come back for more..... and that is precisely what I do.   Its super close to home for one thing...walkable.  The food is actually pretty phenom. for "bar food" . Oddly they serve a chicken satay in some sort of peanut saucy fabulousness that is pretty damn amazing. The pool tables suck, but hey, I suck at pool, we're even. Where else can you get hammered for 20.00 while wearing pajama bottoms and not feel the least bit out of place.  If you can get past the creepers that haven't been laid in centuries and the distinct feeling that one or more of the waitstaff has probably been smoking meth all day I suggest you check it out. Just make sure you bring an escort ladies.
We ended up there on Saturday night after a fabulous dinner and some pre drinking. We were met with friendly faces and an awesome waitress. She was the type of waitress that could anticipate what you would want to drink and never kept us waiting. It is a very chill, laid back environment, great for drinking the night away. the service was so impressive we never made it to the list of other places we wanted to try that night.
Took Mom here since I'd read great reviews on the fish and chips.  As soon as we walked into the venue, I detected terrible body odor.  While the vibe was young and friendly, we didn't feel comfortable at all.  Then again, I never hung out in bars when I was younger, and neither did my Mom.  After trying out a couple restaurants' fish and chips, she definitely favors George & Dragon's (everything from the perfectly light, yet tasty batter, the best hand-cut steak fries, and tartar sauce she couldn't get enough of... don't forget the malt vinegar!), but laments on not being able to go back.  ..and thus continues our quest for a great fish and chips meal served in a great setting.  Any reco's?  We've been to McCormick and Schmick's and Rula Bula; both weren't good enough for her.  Please, no fast food chains like Long John Silver's, Pete's Fish and Chips, and similar spots (my terms, not hers as she LOVES LJS).
This place is solid. Good beer, good pub food, and they price everything decently. For every other new English/Irish pub that pops up, does a good few months, and goes out of business, this place is still here. Don't expect haute-culture and fine dining, just pub grub and beers. Not great, not horrible, but it's what it is.  The market is there, I just don't know why other places seem to have such a hard time filling the demand.
Three stars might not seem like a rave review, but since I'm not a huge beer drinker, don't go to bars to watch sports, and prefer ethnic food over food from the Mother Land, three stars from me means that G&D is doing something right.   My husband and I met my uncle and aunt for dinner here on Labor Day. I was surprised that they were even open, and it was definitely slow because pretty much every server was standing outside smoking when we arrived. Not that I'm judging because as a former server, I can tell you that there's nothing worse than working a shift on a holiday, especially when it's more of a grilling-and-having-people-over type of holiday.   Anyway, we sat in the bar area in one of the extraordinarily comfortable booths. The booth directly faced the bar and was much more inviting than the somewhat closed-off dining area on the right. To drink, I had a Bloody Mary. I was pleased that our server asked how spicy I wanted it (since that meant it would be made from scratch) and even more pleased when I tasted it and found it to be delicious. You could really taste all the individual ingredients, including the oft-neglected horseradish, and it really hit the spot after a long weekend of drinking. I also tried my aunt's Long Island, and it was really good and not too sweet.   My husband and I split the "English Dip" and the Philly cheese steak. Neither was particularly good. I think we both erred in not ordering British classics because my uncle's Shepherd Pie was at least hearty and sort of the quintessential comfort food. My aunt's fish and chips was also decent, although she said it wasn't nearly as good as Rosie McCaffey's.   I am definitely not opposed to coming back here, especially for No Country Karaoke on Monday nights (does that mean I can't sing Martina McBride?). However, when I do return, I'm going to stick to drinking (I'll gladly have another of those Bloody Marys) and then after a few drinks, try one of the British pub dishes. After all, it's after a few drinks that carb-heavy and filling pub food really serves its true purpose.
Ole Ole Ole Ole!!! 6 am pints and footy.  It doesn't get much better than that.  Cheers Until then, get the beers in...
I wish we could have met under better circumstances but the moment I walked into your establishment I wanted to vomit.  It reeked of sweaty gym socks and vinegar and there was no room at the bar.  Maybe I will come back with "What Odor?" in hand and we can have a fresh beginning.
I always pass this place and have been in here a few times.  Uh, it sucks - no simpler way to put it.  Sure, it's trendy to go to a "british pub" and have a glass of ale.  However, if that's what you're looking for - DO NOT ENTER THIS PLACE.  The clientelle is interesting to watch but the wait staff is very slow and if you're sitting outside, be prepared for EXTREME SLOW!  Then again, maybe being outside is good because then you don't have to have your clothes soak in the INTENSE cigarette smoke that has lingered in this joint for many years.  Oh, did I mention that CEMENT TABLES outside are beyond uncomfortable?  Well, they are!  If that's not bad enough, the little holes in the middle of the tables are filled with cigarette buts.  Also, the FISH AND CHIPS are disgusting and play second fiddle to even LONG JOHN SILVERS!
Damn good Fish n Chips, Chicken Curry, and Satay.  The English dinners on Sunday are very good, as well.  Good place for a pint of your favorite English ale or stout.
So many reviews so I'll keep it short. I really enjoyed this place I would soooo go here often if I lived closer, like probably daily. Guiness, good food selection and Spotted Dick!! K?? K!!
The G&D captures most of what an English pub is all about - to a great enough extent that I have actually forgotten I am in Phoenix when in there on occasion.  There are some excellent beers on tap, including Abbott's Ale, IMO the best beer one can obtain in Phoenix.  The English Sunday Lunch is authentic and pretty good. I won't say excellent as I cook better, but for somewhere out it is more than good enough and on a par with pubs back home - and at a VERY reasonable price.  The Cornish pasties and Shepherd's Pie are 'ok', but not as seasoned as I like or cook - but a safer bet to appeal to the masses / American palettes...  Dave the owner is a very nice chap and always friendly and willing to talk to people when he is there as is his brother who is often found serving behind the bar.  All in all a very worthwhile place to snag a bite to eat and a pint - and play pool, darts or watch soccer on TV if they take your fancy.
Thanks to light rail, G&D is now within drinking distance of my house so we decided to try it.  Went for lunch on a Sunday and it was a different feel than what obviously goes on in the evenings.  The music was quiet.  The Cardinals game was on the TV.  The crowd was tame and the setting was peaceful.  Ordered the Bangers and Mash.  It was good but the mash was dry without the gravy and they added peas to the plate which it didn't need.  The sausage was great though.  Guinness on tap so that's a plus.  Would go back but not during a night time crush.  Maybe when MLS season starts up.
I went somewhere tonight that I wish was George & Dragon, which made me realize that I had never written a review for one of my favorite standby restaurants.  So I wanted to give my 100th review to a place so deserving of recognition.  I've been to G&D dozens of times in the past 8 years, and I can honestly say that I've never had a bad meal or bad service.  As a vegetarian, my favorite meal was always the Cornish Pasty. Mmm. Just thinking about it makes my mouth salivate.  A beautifully flaky pastry filled with potatoes and vegetables.  And peas, I love peas.  So yummy, I can't really remember many other meals there, although I do remember having a very good roast beef recently.  The booths are awesome. The owner is incredibly British, and it shows.  There is a ton of authentic paraphernalia decorating these walls.  Plenty of British ales as well.  It's the standard to which I compare all British pubs in the valley.
I have heard sooooooo much about this place and finally I had the occasion to go.  The place is actually pretty cool looking and not as dingy as I thought it would be. What I did not expect was the type of people there. It was quite a variety.. I expected it to be more on the alternative side.  Major dislikes would include not-so-clean bathrooms, and a fight broke out in the pool table area. I can't remember the last time I was around a barroom brawl.  The food is pretty good and really reasonably priced. They have a really good drink menu including a huge selection of rare beers. I got a chopped salad, but beware, it is not actually chopped...  The service left a little to be desired, but wasn't bad. There were only two waitresses for the whole bar on a Saturday, so that could have something to do with it.  Overall this place is pretty cool, great selection and really reasonable prices. I'll be back.
At one point the George was a favorite haunt, a definite 5-star pub.  But times have changed.  The George used to feature the pinnacle of excellent service, excellent beverages and delicious comfort food.  Unfortunately what's done them in is their service.  The drinks and food are still exceptional, but the service level has faltered.  Really, losing 2 whole stars for degraded service?  I went in again recently after about a year hiatus and I was unfortunately reminded.  Go for the drinks, the food, the darts (real or computer) or the pool... but not for the service.
I've never not had a good time at George and Dragon. This place always has something fun going on whether it be karaoke, dart/pool tournaments, trivia, etc. The crowd is always a rambunctious and disorderly one, but that just makes it more fun. Eye candy is always abound here as well. I've never seen so many freshly 21 year.... wait this is a family friendly site.  Drinks here are not any more expensive than other brit/irish pubs, but I always do like to order two at a time because it gets to be busy and waiting for a bartender or cocktail waitress can take a few minutes. They have three dart boards, one real and two electronic, as well as two pool tables and a couple arcade games. There is also an electronic jukebox that seems to have every song known to man.  After 10+ visits I've never had any food here, so I cannot comment on that, but who eats at a place like this anyway? It's a funbar!
Like an old friend with an open door and a warm hug G&D is always there to feed you while getting you pleasantly sauced. The servers, by definition, are dark haired, tattooed sirens aloofly peddling the classic English fair.  The bangers and mash is enough for two, the fish 'n chips are decent but not great and if nothing else it is great that both are under ten bucks. Drinks are decently priced and they have real gingerale. (mhhh wiskey ginger) The owner either used to do tons of coke or still does because he is always frenetically bouncing around the bar talking a mile a minute to his regulars. I have been here on new years, week nights, weekends and anything in between; it is always good times. I believe there is even a lightrail stop right outside.  If you haven't been this is a must for any hardcore AZ pub-crawler.
it's always gooooood times at G&D. I live in an apartment complex right down the street and it's always a plus to not have to worry about assigning a DD. They carry a very wide selection of beers on tap and they are actually pretty cheap. The appetizers are pretty good too.   I would definitely say the crowd is not really my scene, but once you throw a few back then you sort of forget the atmosphere.   The only thing I would criticize is the service. They usually have one or two waitresses working the whole pub and if you're not sitting at the bar, you have to wait a while for service.
So I'm new to the city and heard about this place on the radio.  The 'chap told tales of cold brews and homemade English cuisine which sparked my curiosity and my thirst, so I headed on down the 51 for some suds and spuds.  Amazing pub feel with authentic techniques made the overall experience rather impressive, even more impressive was the Shepherds Pie  with brown gravy, that made my mouth scream for seconds.   It lost a star because of the somewhat questionable parking lot which made me feel kinda uncomfortable during the walk out, but perhaps maybe that's just my snot side speaking.
I hadn't been to this pub in several years but spotted it on my first Valley Metro Rail ride.  I went straight for the Fish & Chips with a salad substitute for the chips as I have been doing lately to be more "health conscious".  The large "fried "cod was very good but the salad was ordinary head lettuce with a pink hydroponic tomato half and lone onion ring.    Otherwise, the pub experience with the assorted English, Scottish and Irish flags plus noisy crowd was reminiscent of pubs I had seen in London and Ireland.  If I hadn't been riding the rail several more years could have gone by before re-visiting so the rail should help some of the restaurants over time.
George & Dragon is THE place to start your new year off right!  Me and my friends have a tradition of meeting up at G&D on New Years Eve to begin our new year's celebration!  We show up around 2 PM to get a booth and spend a couple of hours gearing up for the big countdown at 5 PM, which is when the new year begins in England.  Although it is always packed during the celebration, the staff is always super nice and able to keep up with the orders from our table.  Just before the countdown begins the staff passes out champagne and party favors to everyone in the bar!  We've never had a bad experience here and plan to continue our tradition for years to come!!
A delightful Phoenix diver bar that is even more accessible now with the opening of what this pub's owner described as the "bloody" light rail.  The boisterous setting is made even more fun when the British owner announces drink specials and makes off-color jokes from his microphone. While I have not sampled most items from the menu, I have always found the wings at the George and Dragon to be a good choice.  This pub is a great place to hang out with old friends or make new ones.
My husband and I decided to check out George and Dragon last Sunday because it was such a nice day out and we wanted to do some day drinking at a place we hadn't been before. George and Dragon it was. The patio is long but narrow with only a handful of round tables on it. However, it's still a nice place to sit with a beer and chat. After a drink on the patio, we headed inside for our next round and decided to just cozy up to the bar. The inside decor is not going to wow you at all, but I appreciate the amount of TVs they have near the bar, showing everything from women's college basketball to English Premier League soccer. I'm also a big fan of bar sports, so the pool table and dart boards in the back get a thumbs up from me as well.  The draft beer selection is large...probably the largest of any of the pubs I have visited in the Valley. I believe it was about $4.75 for a pint, which is slightly cheaper than pubs like Rula Bula. The menu runs the gammet from traditional British fare to very Americanized food with very very moderate prices. Chris had a fish sandwich which he enjoyed and I had a BLT which I requested with no mayo. However, more than half way into the sandwich I realized there was mayo on it! This shocked me because normally I can always detect mayo on sandwiches as I hate it so much...so I'm not sure what G&D did, but they snuck mayo past me and I still loved the sandwich! The fries that came with the sandwiches were tasty. Our bill  (before tip) after five pints of beer, an appetizer, and two sandwiches came to $40.  The two bartenders that waited on us were incredibly friendly and quick. From the signs I saw inside, it looks like Sunday-Thursday, they do a reverse happy hour starting at 11 pm with 2 for 1 well drinks. I love the laid back vibe of G&D and the booths look comfy, so I will be back.
I had spotted dick!!!!!!!  Its not what your thinking pervs.  It was a dessert.  It is bread putting with currants in it.  What can I say English food and English beers how gross!!!  I am not a fan of either..  But hey they do have a full bar and good burgers and chicken tenders.  Plus, everything is reasonably priced especially for the size of the drinks they serve.    The atmosphere is pretty cool with all the English decor, big booths and the eclectic group of patrons.  Some still seem like they are stuck in the 80's listing to their metal bands but hey that is why I like living downtown because you see all types which is cool.
Good french dip. Great bloody mary.
I visited G&D during the Light Rail Pub Crawl. When we walked in, my crew headed straight to the bar. The bar was almost empty so we sat down and waited to be acknowledged by the bartender.... and we waited...and waited until finally I had to get rude and say "Can we get some service here or no?" The tender looked at us like we had just appeared there out of thin air. Ok, I will let that pass. Maybe she was overwhelmed. We ordered our beers and I had to catch her to get a couple menus. Then I had to yell to her that we were ready. Did she just not want our money that day? Were they full up on cash? I ordered the pasty appetizer while my partners ordered hot wings and a basket of chips. My pasty was tasty. I was starving so I'm not sure about authenticity or flavor. They were tasty and HOT on the inside. I thought they were ok. I had to ask for another round of drinks for us even though our empty glasses were staring our lovely bartender right in the face.   I don't know if one goes to G&D for a great dining experience, but we were thirsty and wanted beers as well so our service fell short there too. I was told that a good time to go is in the evening and not to sit at the bar. I'll try that if I ever visit G&D again.
As part of my hard cider tour of Phoenix it was inevitable that I would end up at the George and Dragon.   Our visit was on a Sunday, mid afternoon, so I'm basically reviewing the food  and not the whole UK pub experience which I usually rate poorly having escaped the bloody country in the first place:) E.g this is 15 plus years of eating 2-3 times a week in bars as the yardstick I'm taking a swing with.    Firstly the good parts.  Their spicy wings, boy do they deliver.  It's  at minimum a heavy vinegar / buffalo sauce   , thai chilis? and enough of the seeds to make my wife's nostrils clear from accross the table.  Boy these where nicely done, full and a fricking bargain. For this and the cider alone  I'm returning.   Then the meal.  I had an awful hankering for offal but alas the steak and kidney pie was mispelled and I ended up with a steak and kidney piece.  There are so few places that do this dish and seemingly none that do this well. Ok I can do without  large lumps of kidney  but  not without the taste. This thing was thick and herby to the point that  calling a  thyme out would have been useful. This took the 4 to a 3.    WIfey's yorkshire pudding was burned ( not that hard admittedly) but  the roast beef  didn't appear to have been roasted, least on site. It's like Birds Eye boil in the bag roast beef simmered in gravy.There was zero indication the outer surface had been  exposed to dry heat of anykind  and we think we know where to get it :) If it's not then  they really suck at roast beef.  That and it didn't come with the horseradish on the menu.   Service, pleasant but kinda slow .For the food  2.5  rounded down to 2 because It's really not OK  to have two main dishes fall so far short of pub food.
So here it was Lenten season and Friday.  I was starving and in a city not like New Orleans in its available seafood fare!  What to do?  Remember that the British are  known for one food contribution....Fish and chips!  So you get on your bike and speed over to the place you've heard you can have a pastie, a sausage roll, and a steak and kidney pie on a regular footie day.  And Fish and Chips and a Strongbow Ale on a post  Mardi Gras Friday night!    And this place reeks of British wanna-bes and malt vinegar.  I think I even saw the reflection of the Queen Vic in the pool or urine out back!
I've always wanted to try this place after I heard their weird radio commercials a few years back.  It always cracked me up whenever the guy talked about the bangers and mash.  We finally stopped by one day after a lovely little trip on the lightrail.  The entrance is a little confusing being on the south side of the building.  I guess this is because I am used to entrances being in the fronts of buildings as opposed to on the side.  When you walk in, you see everything you expect.  A couple pool tables, dingy floors, a seedy looking bar, and tables and chairs scattered about.  There are a decent amount of booths as well.  One thing that I noticed and considered a bit odd was the fact that a third of the restaurant seemed to be sort of partitioned off for the "fancy" dining area.  I don't know if that is the case, but it definitely looked that way.  When it comes down to it, this place is a classically tacky pub type restaurant, and I like it.  Unfortunately, the food is not so great.  Neither is the bitchy service you get when you come in.  A half smile would be a welcome gesture instead of a perfect view of my server skulking in the kitchen.  I'm not sure what was up with that.  Maybe PMS.  The husband ordered the bangers and mash and I got the cornish pastie.  The husband mentioned that he had to add a lot of salt to his gravy, but he seemed to enjoy his meal.  Me on the other hand, not so much.  My gigantic pile of peas that kept rolling of my plate were cold and had a few hairs in them.  They definitely weren't mine, I checked.  The pastie was delicious, and I really liked it, but the accompanying mashed potatoes were too thick and lumpy to be any good.  This place just isn't good enough.  Hair in food is just plain gross.  Mediocre food combined with rude service is not going to get me to come back.  Besides, I am sick and tired of hearing the owner of this place bitch and moan about the lightrail being a detriment to his business.  I don't know how you can say that when the place is packed on a Sunday afternoon with no sporting events going on.
Had to bump G&D up to an A-ok status. My advice: Don't sit at the bar. Get a table where a cool waitress will help you even when it's crazy busy! Bumped up one star due to better service!
This place is decent.  I live within walking distance but have only been once if that tells you anything.  It's just normal pub grub, and none of it is really impressive.  The slay the dragon program is kind of fun, although I haven't made much of a dent in my card because I never go.  Supposedly they have quiz night on Thursdays which might cause me to up my star rating...
Riding the light rail daily to work has changed how I go about my commute home. It was by the grace of a good friend that I stopped off for a happy hour special at a Midtown drinkery. That's all it took to get me hooked on the idea of stopping off for a drink after a hard day's work. And the proximity of George & Dragon to the light rail launched what is my current obsession.  With good intentions, I stopped at G&D yesterday for an Irish Car Bomb and a Guinness, and to get some food to take home and watch a movie. At 5:15 there was hardly anybody there, but I suppose most people are commuting at that time. I overheard another patron ask about their "Slay The Dragon" program. Participants, it so happens, are given a card with all of the restaurant's beer listed. The steady drinker consumes one of each (there are 66 different beers!!) within a month and is awarded with an "I Slayed the Dragon" t-shirt. What a sweet concept! ***  The steak and kidney pie was also a nice treat, with that certain crispness of the kidney strong but not overpowering. In the past, I've also gotten the fish and chips (FanTasTic!), bangers and mash (excellent) and the wings (very good).    *** I think it would be swell if we organized a daily UYE to help each other through this beer challenge. Even if it's only done during happy hour (4-7) after work,  that's only 3-4 beers a day.
I like the G&D.  The food is good, the waitresses are pretty, its a fun atmosphere. I always like the shepards pie but there are lots of tasty things about and some of them are hard to find outside of Britain. (Try the scotch egg if you feel adventurous).
I really want to give the George & Dragon 5 stars, between the last time we were there and our server was awesome.  The Awesome Local Pub/ Football Hooligan bar atmosphere they provide, and the Owners and the the british expat company they keep who are characters in and of themselves.  the G&D is truly an experience.  Unfortunately on our last visit our waitress seemed to have horse blinders on, on several occasions we waved, we raised our hands, we yelled at her back and somehow she just didn't make eye contact or acknowledge that we were trying to get her attention.  despite somewhat unresponsive service we were still able to get drinks regularly enough throughout the night..  I also tried the food for the first time, it felt fitting to order the fish and chips, the chips are just steak fries with no memorable qualities,  however the fish was I believe cod, but the batter was very tasty and crispy, it was served with a side of coleslaw that wasn't bad either.  overall the atmosphere in this place is awesome, and the british expats that hang around the bar make it that much more convincing.  I'm confident that the incident we had with service was just that "an incident" and it's possible the waitress was just spread thin or stressed.  I'm confident our next visit will be fine, because I enjoy going to this bar.
I've been going here for years. See in 1999 I went to the UK on my first trip across the pond, came back missed it, and was invited to G&D. This place reminded me of what it was like in England and I loved it. The first couple of years my problem with going was the smoke but after Phoenix (& AZ) went smokefree the restaurant cleaned up quickly.   The left side is all pool tables and darts. My best friend and I spent many nights with a beer and a game of darts here. The right side is a restaurant section where you can sit down to have a great dinner. This section is large enough to easily accommodate a group dinner as we did often.  The beers here are great and the variety is exceptional. For the food, I always get the same exact thing. Shepherd Pie is my favorite, and I have seriously never had better (even in the UK). It's perfect with cheese & HP sauce. You just can't get any better than George & Dragon on Central.
Returned for the wings and cider as promised then decided to stay for another meal, just to be fair:)   Wings again nicely hot, though not as insanely so as the last time, but appeared to have been brought up to heat twice. -1.5  star I  never want to  pay for reheats , especially when it has a deleterious effect on the food. This may work for soup, not so well for fish  /  wings.  The pastie ,mash and peas were quite good though.   Service much faster than our prior  experience too. Wife loved her fish and chips  , pretty happy on the zucchini appetizer, and just ok with the "touch" of Guiness in the cider that threatened to take over the glass.      3.5 rounded down to 3.  Hey that's one better than prior.
DH & I went for dinner there tonight, we had a veggie pasty and the crust was nice & flaky but the stuffing of the pasty was tasteless, peas were tasteless, mashed potatoes & gravy, weren't very good either. Beer selection was good, but food was terrible.
The George is always a good time..  Drinks are reasonable, food is good.  The sports selection last night was atrocious, but I am not ready to blame the George for that.  Trivia is fun on Thursdays, but sometimes a bit tough to hear..  Staff was friendly and responsive.  Never had to wait long for a drink.  Go when there are good sports on for the rowdy atmosphere, especially if you like football (soccer)
Being born in the UK to a long line of English, Welsh, Irish and Scots, so there's nothing more I'd like than for a good Brit pub to thrive in PHX.  That said, this place has the bones and makes an attempt, but falls short.   It's kinda divey, but that's fine.  The beer selection is great.  The crowd is diverse.  Good music, lots of sports on the TV, etc.  On the flip side:  The staff has good intentions, but is not well trained.  They do the job, but don't anticipate - you have to ask.  They don't seem empowered.  We ordered some happy hour food at 6:55, for example, and they said it was over.  It wasn't 7, but they explained the "computers" made the call.  This wasn't something we brought up at 10 p.m. - but before it was 7!   A guy next to us ordered food to go and sat there for 40 minutes.  He kept asking and the response was "it wasn't up" but then he got mad and it magically appeared all boxed and ready.  Bottom line:  service is o.k. for a bar, but the food thing seems to flummox them.  The menu covers a wide range of bases, but also is a series of hits and misses.  We went one weekend for the Sunday Roast.  It was a generous plate of veggies, mash and a massive yorkshire pud.  But the beef wasn't roast anything... more like steak-ums.  The gravy was from a can/jar.   Now some might say this is trivial, but a good Sunday Roast Beef meal to the English is like a Thanksgiving dinner in the US.  You can't serve shaved turkey from a frozen bag and surround it with good sides... the main dish needs to be lovingly prepared.  On another night, the Scotch eggs followed the same theme.  A great idea.  The dish was served with a wide range of extras, but the core food was odd.  Not bad, but the casing was an inch thick and dry.  I'd love to see this place work.  They offer a menu of what should be made, but just don't quite deliver a good food product.  To be fair, the market might not support it and are happy with ho hum stuff, but on the flip side I've enjoyed much more inspired fare in CA - not just the U.K.
This is more like dungeons and dragons, it is so freaking dark in there. They have some good food, decent service. Nothing stands out just ok. The owner is a goof ball and trys to hit on every women in the place.
Jonathan E.'s review is spot-on. I went here for a late lunch on a Sunday and couldn't resist ordering the lamb. I was expecting a hearty hunk of roast leg of lamb, as the menu mentioned the Sunday Roasts selection. Instead, the meat was merely thin-shaved slices of lamb (with plenty of fat to trim away) with gravy. The sides were o.k., but overall this dish was disappointing.  If I must eat here again, I'll order the fish and chips, although I was a bit dismayed to see that malt vinegar was not brought automatically to the table. And although we submitted three orders of fish and chips, our server brought back two and had to be reminded that we were expecting a third. This meant everybody ate while one poor sod in our group had to wait patiently for his order to be placed (again). Fortunately, we split a Scotch egg as an appetizer and that tided him over, but it was not much of a treat.
Guinness got me drunk- My waiter was efficient . We both wish we had [becky] though.   Beer gets ya drunk- Bombshell! Bad Ass! Looking &  Acting Servers!-  Go out have a good time, don't be a tool-  George & dragon has a good vibe. Support this place and its staff. First time here, not the last!  Donkey- [[Eaaawwwwwe Eaaawwwwwe]]
I like the look of this place. The food was not good and actually made me and my friend very sick. Bathroom was SCARY and non  air conditioned. I really wanted to like this place but it just wasn't good. I liked the atmosphere other than the bathroom.. I could drink here but wont eat here again.
The bartenders always know how make interesting shots!  Plus they have their "Slay the dragon" t-shirt for drinking all the beers.  Yeah...the shirt itself isn't amazing, but I'm down for any drinking contest.  I love the cranky old man owner.  He's a Man U fan so he's even better!  Go Red Devils!
I want to love this place, truly I do.  The food is tasty and sticks to your ribs, and the drinks are cheap and strong.  HOWEVER, practically every time I've gone there I've been harassed by this creepy old man that NEVER leaves.  He is there everyday.  Most people consider him charming, but after he leered at me and made lewd comments about my boobs..I don't know.  I suppose it would be fine if I brought a man friend along as opposed to my usual girl troop, but I just get the chills whenever I think of that place now.
The post-party for the Switch OYE was here. Even if there were only 8 of us. We came just in time for trivia night. Which is apparently a big deal here. I LOVE trivia with useless factoids, so I felt right at home. 40 questions really tries the useless knowledge portion of the brain. Which in my case is most of it. Unfortunately I was already a little sauced and was 3 more beers deep by the time we were done. It was a great time, including war paint. We scored 28 out of 40. I am going back soon to redeem myself. Georgie S, are you down?  We also created a new game that works when Nikki F is there.  If she starts to fall asleep, someone says her name and then rest of the table, in unison, must yell her name again.  Good clean fun!  I like the decor. There are authentic European football jerseys and scarves all over the place. Rugby too.   A couple of side notes. 1 star deduction for, what I am guessing was a manager, coming over and telling us we were being too loud and disruptive. WTF?!!! We are in an English pub, with a lot of beer, drunk people, playing a competitive trivia game. Are you serious!? I was dumb founded and I think I may have talked back to this dude. Couldn't believe it.   I have started my "Slay the Dragon" card. Only 61 more beers to earn my shirt. Starting to train now.   Sorry for the pic post Nathan S, I had too.
Well this is the English pub to go to in Phoenix.  With that said this city is without much culture so there's not much competition here.   I have to say this place is just ok.  Inside is outdated, but comes with the territory.  Beer selection is great, food is about average.   Service is a little below average.  I have been here at least a half dozen times and have yet to not have a struggle to get a drink order in.  And I have never been here on a Friday, Saturday, or a busy night for that matter.  I guess unless you are a regular the bartenders don't pay much attention to the rest of the customers.  Location sucks unless you are at an event at Steele Indian School Park or maybe doing a light rail pub crawl.  Too far away from Downtown and not close enough to Camelback(Midtown).  Not a must see, but if your eyeballs want to see something different I say go for it.
Went last night for the USA vs. Honduras soccer match.  At first the feed wasn't working but after most people left I stuck around and got a front row seat and then the feed came on.  Was a great game and great environment all cheering for the Yanks except two behind me from Honduras.    I ate the potato skins which were pretty good and had some great 4 Peaks Kiltlifter beer.  Cheap tab and a USA win good way to spend a Saturday night.
I've eaten here many times over my life and have always enjoyed the food there. However, I went this past Saturday around 2pm and there was some sort of poker tournament going on with top 40 music playing over the speakers. Not really setting the English pub mood, so that was disappointing. But the food was still good and the service was decent, so real complaints.  I had the bangers and mash dinner and my mother had a Cornish pastie appetizer. The sausage was excellent with brown gravy and onions and the potatoes were very creamy.  Go for the food, not for the atmosphere.
A couple of friends and I participated in the Phoenix Actually' Great Phoenix Scavenger Hunt meeting up at the George & Dragon. The location was good - right on Central, close to light rail access. Parking was descent in the back. The bar was spacious with pool tables & darts in the entry room, plenty of seating in the dining around and around the bar. It was big enough to accomodate all of the scavengers as well as those patrons wondering what all of these other folks are doing.  Before the scavenger hunt started my friend ordered an Ace Apple Cider. I ordered one as well and it was very sweet. That drink would be dangerous because I could pound those all night not realizing it was alcohol.   We made it back to the George & Dragon a little early (8:30)...still 30 minutes left in the scavenger hunt, but the web site to upload pics to was slow, so we decided to enjoy some apps and drinks at the bar. The appetizers were typical bar food - we ordered the mozzerella sticks, potato skins and another round of Ace Apple Cider. Typical, but tasty. The cheese sticks were very cheese and the 'skins were good. The plate game with a few garnishes of vegetables as well.   The service was excellent too. We were going to order the shrimp, but the waitress indicated there really isn't that many, so perhaps another selection would be better. She was very prompt despite the large crowd. I left a good tips due to the attentiveness and advice.  I love pubs in general and would definitely go back any time.
I stopped by George and Dragon for lunch a couple of days ago. It was the first time I had been in the place for many years. Unfortunately, I was at work so I could not drink alcohol, but the food was great. I had fish and chips and my co-worker had bangers and mash. The fish was some of the best I've had, and the person with me enjoyed his food as well. The prices were decent, and the service was great.   Even though I was not drinking this time, I could not help but notice the excellent selection of draft beers. I really wish I was closer so I could have some booze at this place. Alas, I live in Ahwatukee.   For those of you who are closer and enjoy the pub atmosphere, George and Dragon is highly recommended, though I imagine the place is a zoo when there's a big soccer match. The last time I was here I was not impressed, and had not been back since. But this last visit was wonderful. Either something changed, or I just caught them on a bad day last time.
G&D was our first stop for our Pub Crawl, the fried food sampler was good and the drinks were decent pour and priced.   The server was nice and everything went well.   The location is lose to a rail station with just a short walk.
Hello all!  This place is great.  I went to high school right down the street and have lived in the neighborhood forever.  You can always have a good time.  Good atmosphere, great beer, and great location.  Why I didn't give it 5 stars:  Well, they have this slay the dragon thing...if you can drink all the beers on this paper they give you, not all at once, although I guess I would try that...but, you are suppose to get a T-shirt that says, "I slaid the Dragon".  Well, the problem is, they don't keep all the beers in stock so...boo.  Also, it kind of is a two-faced place...one Friday you'll go there and you wont be able to park and there will be standing room only inside...but the next Friday it's dead.  But, please go check it out, it's really awesome and the owners are knows to mingle with the crowed, can't miss them, they're the ones with the English accents.  CHEERS!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits): 7 Food 10 *Drinks* 9 Service 9 Atmosphere 10 Value  I'm sorry, but $3 Jagerbombs ALL the time?  $39 later, I decided that that's a 10 on Value. And the rare Tetley's beer on tap?  That's a 10 on Drinks. If only the food wasn't so British, I could rate the food better  =p
The George is one of a kinda, well there is a second location, but so not even close.   I have been going to the George for years, always have a great time. Usually go to play poker on Tuesday, Wednesday or Saturdays. I have also taken part in their trivia nights on Thursdays too. They have great food, their wings and Sheppard's Pie are my faves! Tons of beers on tap. They even have this fun little game where you can "Slay the Dragon." Where you have to drink at least one of every beer they have in the place, upwards of 50 I think. I know some people that have tried. I believe the record is 3 and half days to finish them all.   My friends and I dropped by the George the other night as one of our Holiday Bar Crawl stops along the light rail. They had a live band playing, who were pretty fun. We got drinks fast, the customers and staff we friendly and we had a great time. Such a great time we ended up staying a bit longer than we had planed.
please tear this place down.
G&D is one of those places that I just "end up" at.. its centralized between me and all my friends, and they have everything you could ever need .. so its wicked convenient. Trivia, Karaoke, TV's, Beer, Wings, Scotch Eggs, Pool tables, cigarette machines, children running around screaming.. you name it, they probably have it.   The first time I came here was for trivia night.. it was dramatic and everyone was cheating, but the loaded potato app. made everything all right in my world.  The second time I came here was after the Switch OYE, which I totally don't remember.. as Brad E.'s review noted, there was a game that involved me falling asleep sitting up and everyone screaming my name as loudly as possible to interrupt my slumber, or something.... There was also war paint and apparently I ran into some co-workers.. I didn't believe them until a photo surfaced. I will say no more.  The third time I came here was for Georgie S.' 8th 26th birthday celebration. We actually came here twice, once for after brunch boozing, and the second time to sing Karaoke, but mostly we just listened to Nathan S. serenade us for 3 hours.. football was on, many beers were consumed, the photos reflected a happy setting and im pretty sure the bday girl was pleased with her final celebration. At least, it was supposed to be the final. I'm pretty sure it wasn't.   The 5th time I came here was last night.. for football and beers. As always, I was content and happy, enjoying myself and the wedding reception debauchery (yes there was really a wedding reception here) that was going on..  I just generally enjoy this place, there is always parking, its right off the rail, the bathrooms are gross, but manageable, food is actually really good for bar-fare, especially the English selections.. Great beer selection, KILTLIFTER WHAAAAT, full bar, always an interesting crowd and everyone is always having a great time.   Totally come here. Me and my friends will probably be there too.
My husband lived in England and had a strong reccomendation on this place because of the food.  We didn't make it that far.    When we walked in everything look dirty- the floors, walls, booths, pool tables - and the place was dimly lit!  I could not believe this bar served food.  Nothing about it said restaurant.  The decor was everything British which may have been cute if they took a rag and wipe the dust off.  No one greeted us when we walked in so we just sat down at a table.  There was a waitress wandering around that looked just as lost as we did.  She finally came over and gave us some menus, took our drink order and that was it... we never saw her again.  While we waited we had a while to look over the menu.  All the British food sounded like some type of variation of pot roast.  I guess that's what British cuisine consists of but none of it sounded appealing.  Still waiting it gave me more time to look around and I started to get angry because I couldn't believe I was about to order food from such a dirty establishment (I could only imagine what the kitchen looked like).  I was shocked to see kids running around... I wouldn't take Bebe's kids in there.   I clocked it; for 15 minutes we sat there without food or drinks, just menus.  Our booth faced the bar and the bartenders looked at us a few times but never sent anyone over to our table. Could I have asked for our server?  Sure.  But by this point I knew I wasn't spending a dime here and wanted to see how long it would take someone to come over to us so I could tell what I thought of their service.  Finally we receded, parched and starving we got up and left the George & Dragon.  What a waste of time!
I've only been here once and it was OK. If you're into the English pub scene, you would probably like it since everything is decently priced. However, a friend of mine tells me that they broke into her car on a Friday night, smashed the window and all, so I would be careful about what you leave in your vehicle.
I've been to GND a couple of times and I am always pleased with the service there. The food is good, especially the shepard's pie, and the beer is cheap. I would recommend that people should check this place out and if you do you won't be disappointed.
I love the Pub! I don't get there very often any more but I wish I could! Trivia Night (Thursdays) is a blast! They have a Great Beer Selection, Fantastic Drink Prices, and it is always a Good time!
Love this place!  Since discovering the George and Dragon, my friends and I make it a weekly stop. They have a huge selection of beer!  Also, a late night menu of home-cooked food... which is actually delicious!! The outdoor patio is a nice addition, especially for socializing and smoking!  Really, the only decent place to hang out in the NorthCentral Phoenix area.
This is my kinda place.   Nice casual place with good food and good beer.  Not to mention it is walking distance from the Central/Indian School lightrail station.  I stopped in here on a whim while spending a Saturday on the lightrail ( I made good use of my day pass).  I had also read at one time this pub served Scotch Eggs, mmmm.   As it was dinner time-ish I ordered up a Smithwicks and some Scotch Eggs.  Now I have had these served a variety of ways in the past and my preference is lightly breaded yet crisp crust with a relatively thick layer of sausage, served room temp to slightly warm.   Here they are served cold and quartered.  These were also some of the largest Scotch eggs I have had.  I got over the fact they were as cold as they were and begin to enjoy the flavor of the sausage layer with a hint of nutmeg.  The balsamic "chutney" served  with them was great, in the past at other places I usually enjoy a course deli mustard. What I didn't like about these Scotch eggs was the breaded layer.  Becasue they are premade fried and stored in the fridge the breaded layer was like a rubber mat.  I peeled off this layer and continued to enjoy my meal.
this was my first visit &  I will NEVER go back  I will NEVER go back I will NEVER go back I will NEVER go back I will NEVER go back I will NEVER go back kicking, dragging, screaming I will NEVER go back  ordered fish & chips, shepherd's pie & steak 'n kidney pie & beers fish & chips = blah, nothing special or memorable, just plain cheap cod that was NOT cheap in $ shepherd's pie = this was not shepherd's pie it was cottage pie and it was bland, tasteless, boring! steak 'n kidney pie = where was the kidney? (chips = blah)  If you have nothing to compare 'traditional British' food to, then you may consider it good, (except for the bland COTTAGE Pie)!!!    Only reason they got two stars is that the bartender/service wasn't awfully terrible.  I ask one question; do 'you' pay more attention to 'your' regulars?  OR, do 'you' pay more attention to the newbies so they want to be regulars?  oh, & $5/beer....?  & it's dirty, all the decor...cause it's never been cleaned/dusted since 1995.
I've only been here once & so far I'm indifferent. If I never come back I'll really only miss the coleslaw. The coleslaw got this place 3 stars instead of 2.  A friend asked me to go on a Mon which is karaoke night. I don't inflict my terrible singing on others, but I did enjoy most of the other people singing.  I played a couple games of pool on 1 of the 2 tables while waiting for my food.  The main bartender was not a pleasant person. Words like "sweetie" don't disguise impatient, judgmental body language. I can't remember seeing her smile once. She made me uncomfortable. The other girls working there were smiley & nice looking. I also saw the general manager chilling outside.  Call me a cheap ass but I feel like I paid too much for fish & chips. Came out to $14.02. I expected to pay $10ish. I know it's market price & all but that still sucked. I should have asked the price before ordering.  The fish & chips were really good though. I could barely finish the 2 thick pieces of fish on my plate. They were perfectly crispy with just the right amount of batter. Chips could have been crispier though.  I LOVE THE COLESLAW! I can't say that enough. It wasn't sweet (yuck!) like other coleslaws I've tried. It was crisp & peppery. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Hmmm  When you order a shot I think you get more liqueur than just a shot because of their glasses. They're wide & the bartender wasn't measuring, she just eye balled it. Don't pay more ordering doubles since you're probably pretty much already getting that originally.  There are heaters above on the patio. Your top 1/2 will be warm while your bottom 1/2 might get cold.  There's 1 bathroom for girls. No stalls. If someone's in there you'll have to wait your turn. At least it wasn't filthy & smelly.
G&D is my local bar.  Full disclosure - the owner is my friend, but that's a natural byproduct of how this place is run.  I know many of the people that I toss 'em back with a few nights a week here, and the clientele cuts a wide swath - doctors, lawyers, and Indian chiefs, if you will, to regular folks like me.  A lot of the knocks on the place I won't disavow - it's dim and not sparkling, but so what?  If that's a huge turn-off, you're better off elsewhere.  I like to think the place has personality.  But if you like a huge selection of beer (including Boddington's, Kronenbourg, and Chimay) and good food, you'll probably have a good time here.  The food's not frou-frou and "foodie" - it's just good.  My favorite bar in Phoenix - no place I'd rather get pissed.
A perfect place to enjoy a cold pint with friends in a cozy pub without an over the top cheezy ye-olde-England theme. I love the fact that they serve *several* different types of hard cider and $3.00 Jgerbombs all the time. Our waitress was super nice and I'll be back sometime for the food.
G&D was a sad day for me.  Have been super excited to check this place out because A. it looks Cool and B. friends have told me how awesome it is   But alas I have to give it a C.... We took the lightrail downtown for a Rattlers game and afterwards hit G&D for a drink and snacks afterwards.   It was really busy because of the hockey game being on so we couldn't find anywhere to sit in the bar area or even get to the bar to order a drink... so we found a table tucked in the corner in the "restaurant" side... only probably here was service.. no one cared about those eating food!    We only had about 10 mins to look at a menu and order before the kitchen closed at 11 so we had to track down a waitress to take our order.  Menu for food was quite typical.  Fish Sandwich, Burgers, etc.  Friends enjoyed it.. but also had a few beers in, so I cant say its more than any other "bar food"  I only ordered the chips and salsa which were less than adequate... straight from the store, nothing special at all.    I think this place could have been a lot better if we had better service and were in the bar area which is clearly the "cool" part.
I have never been to the UK, so I don't know how to compare what I ate to traditional English food.  I know that what I ordered, the pastie, was very delicious, as was the peas that came with it.  My husband and daughter split the Shepard's Pie and they both loved it.  Great beer as well.  I saw some other customers with the fish and chips and they looked great-I think next time that will be what I get.  The decor was aged and a little dusty, but all in all, it was a really good meal.
My dad was in town visiting and we wanted to go to Pizzeria Bianco, but oh no, that was not in the cards, with its hoity-toity hour and a half wait and all. We cruised Central for half an hour, before pulling into this parking lot, mainly because of low blood sugar, and also because our Ulster roots compelled us, I suppose.   How was I to know that had inadvertantly stumbled into the dirty dive pub wonderland I've been waiting for? We waddled through a sea of barflies, hipsters and cardplayers waiting for the Tuesday night poker game, and settled into a large corner booth, and pored over the impressive beer menu.  We both stuffed ourselves, had a couple of pints, and talked over our family business for hours.  We had a fantastic time, and were adequately attended to. We also got to watch the card game begin, which was pretty funny.  George & Dragon satisfied both parties.  My dad was psyched on the British pub food offerings, the huge array of beers on tap, and what was sure to be an impressive turnout for the World Cup broadcast... and I was impressed by the dingy crowd and the sheer dive-y-ness of it all... something that the East Valley, where I (sniff) hang my hat, is seriously lacking in.  Considering that we could not have chosen this place more randomly, it now seems fated.  Now I just have to figure out how I'm going to get myself all the way across town and all the way back home so I can get appropriately intoxicated while I am there.
The G&D is ab fab! came in on a sunday afternoon, and it was deserted save for the brit publican who in his charming way that only a bloke from across the pond could muster guessed by our appearances just which brews we would favor, to my brother an ice cold pint of newcastle, and to me a frosty kronenbourg. After a few pints were knocked back we hit the billiards table at a mere .50 cents a game! my heart swelled! then after the pints a tasty round of fish and chips. The beer battered north atlantic cod was among some of the biggest fillets of cod i have ever eaten! delicious and meaty the succulent white fish and fat thumb sized chippies were just what the doc ordered! after a few pints and a hearty meal my tab was under $30! loved the place and will probably jump off the lightrail for a quick pint and a pool game any time im riding down central.
The food is okay, the trivia is fun but they don't even know what  crown float is.  This is an English pub you say?  Pshaw.
Great surprise. The steak pie was awesome!
Have been to this place twice and the experience was the same. I personally don't get what draws people to this place. It's got a bit of a negative vibe. The staff is not friendly or service oriented and it's dirty. Great location for a light rail pub crawl - I think it just might not be our crowd.
Huge wings!  Delish!  Great beer selection. Good environment. If you are reading this you've probably already been there so this is nothing new.
The food was just ok,  the beer was overpriced, and the service was sub-par.  I've been there twice and the first time I actually stuck around to eat and drink.  On the second trip, we waited at the table 30 minutes with no service, then finally left.  I will not go back.
A great place to hang out and chill with peeps after work. The fish and chips is kinda pricey but the restaurant gave great portion of the fries and I was able to share with friends. G&D had a great selection of beer and my fave is the Kilt Lifter. Love it!
For reasons unknown, I have a bias against English food. So when the plates I saw coming out of the kitchen were a bit unappealing, I knew this place was authentic.   This place looks a bit old, but not trashy. When I ordered my Jameson and ginger ale, being asked if I'd like it in a pint glass made my day. This bar is awesome. There's a nice selection of beers for a reasonable $5 a pint. I had some Ace Pear, but there were tons of ales I'd never heard of to choose from. I'll be back for those.  There are plenty of activities to keep busy while getting trashed here. I've never seen so much room in a bar devoted to dartboards. It was right in the corner with ample throwing room, and I loved it! There are also a couple billiards tables, some light gun arcade game (Try it after a few--don't shoot the cows!) and even some patrons sitting at poker tables.   I'm definitely coming back here to play darts and watch rugby. Maybe I'll even try their fish and chips. I wonder though...do Brits really hang out here?
I have a somewhat love-hate relationship with the George. It used to be my Friday night bar for months. I always preferred it's dingy, dive-likeness over the pretentious, lame Scottsdale bars near where I live. Sometimes I miss camping out on the patio in the back corner, chain smoking with friends and people watching but the George has lost it's charm for me. My purse was stolen the one and only time I didn't bring it with me to the bathroom. I did leave it with a group of dudes thinking it would be safe but no. I've seen three arrests out front. One time these junkie looking dudes were licking each other's hands in front of the patio until the cops came. I've seen a girl pee her pants INSIDE the bathroom and then proceed to slip on the sidewalk which was wet from the misters nearly cracking her head open. Many, many stories came from that place. My last visit was months ago and I couldn't wait to leave. It's just not fun anymore. So long, George.
Can I say that the food is great?  Not really, I will say however that you don't go for the food, you go for trivia nights.  You go for the friendship.  You go for the dart boards and pool tables.  The shepard's pie is heavy but hits the spot, can't go wrong with fish and chips, the rest of it is meh.  Great place to watch World Cup when it rolls around, music is good and is good watering hole for when you feel the need to catch up with your mates.   Just don't look too closely at the carpets....
all hail the brits, summer hours and day drinking benders with my brother. oi, oi, oi!  my brother joey calls me up one day: "hey, can you drive me downtown tomorrow?"  me: "why?"  joey: "i have school down there in the afternoon, but i was invited to go bar hopping after class tomorrow night with some friends. i don't want leave my car out there overnight if i'm going to be drinking."  me: "well, my company lets us have summer hours on fridays, so i'm done with work at noon. when's your class?"  joey: "not til 6pm... but we can go earlier and grab beers or lunch first at this british pub near my school."  me: "done. pick you up at 1:30pm." click.  now this was in early august, so it was blazing hot that day. i pull into the george & dragon parking lot a bit dismayed there was no covered parking. oh sweaty joy.  the good news is, it's nice and cool inside and strangely crowded for a work day.  we find seats right up at the bar. i notice the girls working there all have this suicide girl thing going on and the one guy we see working there (who appeared to be the manager?) has this MASSIVE pompadour thing going on with his hair. it was larger than life... like that thing you try not to stare at, but can't help it. in my peripheral vision, i could see my brother look over at me. i knew exactly what he was thinking and i smirk. then mr. pompadour-manager guy comes right over to us and asks if we would like menus. my brother smiles and nods a yes at him, fighting back laughter.   while we're pouring over the menu's we order some pints. i decided that i fancied a kiltlifter while my brother orders the fuller esb. i try a sip of his, and crikey it's good. they're extra cold too and go down smooth. i end up ordering the fish & chips with the cole slaw and my brother opts for the sheperd's pie.   my brother, never one for being a wimpy little nancy boy decides to order a shot of whiskey with this next round. i get the boddingtons this time, he gets the harp.   me: "um, don't you have class? won't you be knackered by the time 6pm rolls around if you do a shot of whiskey?"  joey: "nah, i'll be fine. we just have a quick test and then we can leave. i'll ace it."  me: "well, cheers to that then."  *i raise my glass, clink*  finally our food comes...... and i only have 2 words for the perfectly golden crispiness of the fish and chips i had for lunch: DAMN GOOD.  we finished off our grub just as this cheeky lady and her husband sit down next to us. we chat them up over more pints (i have water, because i'm driving) until 6pm rolls around. i visit the bathroom upon our departure and am happy to report while initially it looks a bit dodgy, it's actually quite clean. we wave goodbye to mr pompadour-manager and we're off.  i found out later my brother got an A on that test. HA. figures.  good show george & dragon, all hail the queen! cheerio.
Where else would you go to get Corn Beef and Cabbage on St. Patricks Day.  Love it, music check, staff check, central location check.  What eles oh Guinness on tap, double check.
The food is your typical bar nonesense, but it's cheap and the atmosphere is good.  Easy parking, close, good happy hour.  Come for Thursday trivia night if you want to meet people.
Sometimes I am a little embarrassed to admit it, but I love the George & Dragon. The service can be a little slow, and the servers a little spacey, but the owner is super friendly and the bar's vibe is "the more the merrier". The bar has some entertaining activities, like poker and trivia nights, and fantastic wings (spicy and tart). Plus the kitchen is open late.  This is a great place to spend the evening throwing back beers with good friends!
This place has gotten under my skin.  I have been going there since shortly after they opened back in 1995 or so. It's been a landmark to me through much of my adult life. I've met the owner a few times and he's very personable.  So how is it? It's good. It's a pub that's nicely dark inside. The bar is comfortable, and they have British beer on tap--stuff like Boddington's.   The food is tasty and reliable. Stick with the specialties--the shepherd's pie, bangers and mash, cornish pasties, roast beef.  I've never found a reason to complain about the service.  There's a community built up around it, and you can occasionally meet real, live, BRITISH PEOPLE there! Imagine that!  So, a favorite of mine.
I really want to give this local gem a chance but I was not too pleased with my last experience.  Some friends and I had planned to attend the Beerfest in Phoenix.  The rain drove us to wait it out at George & Dragon's.  Unfortunately the staff were not prepared for the amount of customers that would hid from the rain that day.  As I could see there was one bartender and one waitress.  We couldn't get a drink or even order food.  After patiently waiting for 20 minutes we left this establishment and headed to another local pub.  I've heard so many great things about this place but this day I left very disappointed.
A place for REAL people, not snobs or Scottsdale thousandairs.  Simply put, some of the best fish & chips I have ever had the pleasure of tasting.  Fish is fluffy and batter is CRISP and golden.  Steak fries are perfectly fried and not greasy.  The cole slaw is incredible too.  Other fare is quite nice and tasty as well.  The "Dragon Wings" are wonderful and a nice snack to go along with all the various beers on tap.  It's dark, sometimes loud. I like to go on an off night when I need a more subdued atmosphere.  This is NOT a corporate type bar & restaurant.  Once you know and understand that, you will be very happy.  No pretentious attitudes abide.  The only reason I do not give the G&D 5 stars is that the service can be a little inconsistent, but goes with the territory.  All in all it's a great place with terrific food and drink.  Just the way intended for a REAL pub.  Valerie is a great BTW and one of the most consistent staff.
I had a restaurant.com coupon so I got to try a bunch of stuff (but I guess they don't take these anymore, our waitress had to check with the manager to let us use ours).    Seems like a happening, dive-bar type environment.  They were finishing up a poker tournament which it seems like there's one like every day.  Not sure why they left all the tvs on a channel with a cleft-palate infomercial for a charity pretty much all night, it was kind of a downer...  The pasties were phenominal.  A definitely must-try, and will get every time I go there.  The wings were so-so, we ordered medium which were pretty hot, but there wasn't much to the sauce but Red-hot it seemed.  The fish and chips were good, which some places mess up with the batter being undercooked but they seemed to do a pretty good job.  The shepherd's pie was ok, though isn't it supposed to have a crust at the bottom?  Wasn't sure.  All-in-all, a good place to start off a night or hang out for a game.  Would not go for more than a happy hr type venture.
The BF took me here last night, as it used to be a hang out for him when he was younger. It was a pretty fun time. The place is not real 'hip' I would say, but everyone seemed to be having fun. They had tvs playing the basketball game and the place was pretty busy at around 8:30 when we went there. We ordered a couple beers (I got a Hef and he got a black velvet I think.... cider and Guinness) and we ordered a shepherd's pie and some fries. The beers were good and the food was really tasty. It was exactly what I wanted but didn't know I wanted. The shepherd's pie is really mashed potato -y and the meat is really tasty.... very flavorful. The pie is huge too so I wouldn't think twice about sharing it. After that he got a jameson and ginger ale and I got a couple shots- a buttery nipple (the best shot) and an orgasm shot (ok... not as good as the other). The BF's drink was huge... like a pint of whiskey. Anyway, the night was good, I like the atmosphere (they also have pool and darts and all kinds of stuff to do) and the drinks were nice too, our total was around 50$ after tip so not too bad for the amount of stuff we got. I would definitely go back in the future.
This is a very good English Pub, Restaurant.                                                  The food is extremely authentic. Chicken Pie is my fav, although it might also be the Fish and Chips!  Great British Tea,and i love the fact that a portrait of the Queen is in the main dining room.                                        The decor is very British. I am not a Drinker however, everyone says there (patrons) the beer is fantastic.  Servers are nice, Manager Keith is fabulous. He is always there to answer questions! Lots of fun!
I like to focus on the positive so let's start there. The hot wings. Get em spicy hot. They were really good. Worth going here for? No  It's a dark bar, my date liked the English vibe of it.  The waitresses were slow (but pleasant) with bringing the drinks and once we did get them the drinks sucked. I ordered a Irish Car Bomb and got less than half a glass of warm Guiness, with the tiniest shot of baileys/whiskey. It was almost undrinkable. Then I ordered the $2.50 drink shot special which tasted like a shot of kool-aid.  We went for the Monday karaoke, and the DJ was good enough but there was this little tv in the corner with the lyrics displayed. I've just been to better karaoke bars (i.e. Ernies)  Like I said my date liked this place, so I guess YMMV. I think I would have liked it more if the service was better and the drinks were up to par.
Today I finally made it to George & Dragon.  I was in a pinch and looking for a place that had Telefutera so I could watch my favorite soccer team (Chicago Fire) play.  I called George & Dragon and was told they could accommodate.  One packed light rail ride later I was there and ready to get my game and drink on.  George & Dragon is my type of place.  The decor has been described by other Yelpers as very British.  Since I have not been the the UK, I cannot attest to that but it does look like what I think a British pub should look like.  It actually reminded me of the Winchester in Shaun of the Dead.  The football scarves are always a nice touch.  Perhaps one day I'll donate a USA or Fire scarf and see if they put it up among the UK clubs scarves.  The beer selection was not as good as I had hoped it would be but it's still better than most. Today I was in the mood to drink German despite being in a British pub so I opted to drink Spaten.    For lunch I ordered the Shepherds Pie and it was amazing.  It's the third different shepherds pie I've had in metro Phoenix and it might be the best one.  My team lost an ugly one and it spoiled my day a bit but I was happy to have made my first visit to George & Dragon.  It will not be my last.  With easy access to light rail I plan on being back soon.  Cheers!
I love this pub! I'm a soccer fanatic, and this bar is DECKED out with scarves of most any club you can think of, and there is always soccer on the telly. Robby and Keith (owner and manager?) are a riot, and always greet you warmly when you arrive! The food is traditional English pub fare: the fish and chips and the bangers and mash are HIGHLY recommended! I hear the wings are pretty good, so I'll prob try them nixt visit! And if you need a good laugh stop by on a Monday night for karaoke, its a blast!
I've been wanting to check this place out for years, and finally got to hit them up on a Saturday night.  Overall I was quite happy, decent beer selection, and the table arrangement worked well with our medium sized group.  The bar staff was busy, but friendly. Sadly, they were out of a couple of the beers I really wanted to try.  The patio area is nice, with plenty of room and tables.  The single toilet for the ladies was a bit of a drag.  Overall there was a great atmosphere.  Didn't try the food, but would go back to check that out.  Best part is that they are so close to the lightrail, because I'd never drive that far to have a drink or 3.
went here a second time with my regular date "D" on a Friday night.  He likes that place for some reason.   I needed a drink. The female bartender gave me the beer menu and I looked at it like it was a foreign object. "D" said "oh no she won't drink beer, she'll have some kind of mixed drink". So the bartender made me some sweet concoction. It tasted like weak kool-aid. I ordered 2 more different drinks, even the shot of Raspberry Stoli was weak. I asked her to make me a "British Invasion" cocktail and that was faintly good but definitely WEAK. "D": said even his beer wasn't good. I feel like all their drinks are super watered down.   the drinks at George and Dragon are a BIG dissapointment, make a note of it.   However we also ordered food, cause I was starving. Now THAT was good. We got the Cornish Pasty with mashed potatoes and green peas and also chicken fingers with honey mustard sauce. The cornish pasty was DELICIOUS beyond Delicious.    Lots of people were in there and seemed to be enjoying themselves. I just don't see the appeal of the place. Part of my family is from England but maybe I'm just not British enough to appreciate this place.  I'll probably go back for the Cornish Pasty and also cause men actually FLIRTED with me there, and that NEVER happens to me in person. I like being flirted with and whistled at.
I like going to George & Dragon for a beer because I know that, for the most part, G&D is dependable. You can always expect a crowd of people, you can always depend on the beer, and you know that there is good pub food. However, other than being dependable, it isn't too much more than that. I really wish the service was a little better - the waitstaff and bartenders always seem a bit grumpy to me, as if they'd like nothing more than to have nothing to do with me.
Now I'm writing this in my British accent. Bloody good Mate! Okay that's all I got. I dig this place, the food is good & they serve it up in big portions.   It's a pub, so fights & blood on the floor is expected. Come on AMber, get out of Scottsdale much?  Anyways, I recommend this place. It's a cool place to get out of the heat, good oral hygiene is not required. =)
There has been so much anticipation to go to G&D for Karaokee on mondays.  After a great bbq we all decided to go and sing our hearts out...well we arrived at about 10pm...added our names to the list...cheered othered singers on to encourage a good time, spent some money and tipped well....and waited patiently....well after 2.5 hours have gone by we had seen the same three girls go up the several times before we have...we get it...if they got there before us and signed up, its their turn...but then the host started singing songs and kept picking "random" chicks to sings songs...ok...now its getting weird.  Then when we saw the person that signed up right before us go up and then one of the same "three" girls and then the host "randomly" pick again.....we got pissed of and were ready to leave.  We were pissed and cashed out.  Then when we told the karaokee host that he was an ass and that we had been waiting over 2 hrs and were pissed, he pretty much talked crap and walked away.  Then he had the nerve to call our names when we walked right out of the door.  We came back in and talked to management.  We were there to have a good time and spend money.  I would rather spend my money elsewhere.  Star karaokee sux, IDK what the hell Michael the Karaokee host from star karaokee's problem was, but he was completely unprofessional and just plain RUDE.  We get it, you have your regulars, but we are cusotmers too.....we would have brought more people back in the future...but you can have fun with the same three people for your pitiful karaokee night.
I don't know if this is as good as it gets because I have never been to England, but I really like the food.   I took my Dad here for Father's Day lunch and really enjoyed our meal.  The iced tea was fresh and my cornish pastie was really delicious.  I wish I had one now.  My Dad's steak and mushroom pie looked really good too.  Also, the prices were decent.
Slay the Dragon! You can request a drink card with every type of beer available and if you try one of each, you get a free shirt, LOL! Me? I stuck to Guinness by the pint and had the Cornish pasty and sausage roll - both delectable but kind of small for the $6 price tag. It's a pub in every essence of the word - they have free darts (that's right, FREE!), a juke box filled with classic rock hits at 25 cents to a dollar per song, and 50 cent billiards! They also host World Series Poker tourneys! The service is super sweet (although they get REALLY busy sometimes) but the joint is really laid back and friendly!
Last night was my first visit to George and Dragon....and unfortunately, it will probably be my last.  My boyfriend, my daughter and I decided to go there for FATHER'S DAY.  We walked in the front door and stood in the middle of the room facing the bar.  There were maybe 6 or 7 occupied tables--it wasn't busy.  So we stood there, unsure of wether we sat ourselves or waited to be seated.  3 servers were present as well as a blonde bartender who totally ignored us.  Finally we asked if we sat ourselves and the bartender said to go right ahead.  We picked a booth facing the bar and sat.  And sat........and sat......and sat.  One male bartender seemed to be working in a back room only.  Another girl stood alongside the bar, staring out @ us, drinking a soda as we sat there with no menus.  The bartender, who was maybe 15 feet from us, would look @ us sideways, and look away.  My boyfriend works for the City of Phoenix.  He's a HUGE tipper.  Maybe we don't look like much, but...??????? We waited 12 minutes (I am a server/bartender myself, so I watch greet times closely).  Finally we stood up and walked out...walked RIGHT past the bartender and she never said a word!!!!!!!!!!  I did call a spoke to a managernamed Bill, who sounded shocked.  I hope he took care of the problem or they will lose a LOT of business =(  We ended up having a very nice Father's Day dinner @ The Black Forest Mill...thumbs up to them!
I've been frequenting the George and Dragon for a little while when I pass thru Central Phoenix. The food is excellent, especially the cornish pasties. I enjoy the atmosphere, darts, and booze but I got to say that the service is hit and miss. There are 2 servers that are polite and most the rest aren't happy to be there. Sometimes there attitude goes hand in hand with the quality of service. I will continue to eat and drink there though the service is hit and miss.
This place is a really cool space and has such a great vibe to it.  This would be a cool place to come and chill with friend and drink beer and watch sports.  I would have to say that this review is probably more of a 3.5 stars.  I am not overly crazy about the food.  But hey, what do you expect from bar food and English cuisine.  I know my bf, who is from across the pond, loves the food as it takes him back to his memories of England.  The service is good and the people are always friendly!  The Blackberry and Apple crumble is the best!  Be sure to save room for that dessert!
Great English pub in the middle of Phoenix.  The fish and chips meal is delicious.  Also, they serve great Black and Tans.  Sometimes the service can be a bit slow, but overall, I recommend George and Dragon.
Okay... the bad reviewers must have gone to another bar or something. If you are looking for table clothes or elegant atmosphere, why go to a bar? I have had great luck here. This place is everything that I would expect an English pub to be. They have many beers (an amazing amount) and when I went there, I had a waitress remember me and my drink order from about 3 weeks prior. Make no mistake, this is a PUB! It is not fine dining! It is a local bar where you can let your hair down and relax! The atmosphere is great and the girls are pretty, both customers and wait staff! The food is great pub food! What more could anyone want from a bar? I haven't been disappointed yet, and I have been going there for at least 2 years. It isn't perfect... it's a bar. I'm looking to sit with my friends, have great conversation, drink a beer, eat good food, and look at girls. Isn't that what a bar is for? If that is what you are interested in, George and Dragon is the perfect place!
I've been here a few times now and service has never been great but never bad until tonight.  I step up to the bar and order a Guiness and was told their systems are down so it will be a few. Fine. I get my Guiness and listen to obnoxious people do a karaoke version of Cult of Personality and read the news on my phone. Time for beer number two and the systems are still down. No worries, I'm paying cash this whole time anyways. I give the lady my money and wait for my beer. A couple minutes go by, she pours drinks and explains to people that her systems are down. She's really befuddled as if she's never experienced life without a computer. Others walk up and order drinks and receive their beers promptly while mine hasn't been poured yet. After about 10 minutes I just say screw it and leave. I'm sure dealing with down systems is stressful but if I'm paying cash it should be a non-issue. Knowing that the others came up to the bar after me and were at the time running a card tab makes it even more confusing.  This night aside, food is generally decent. The place lacks a pinball machine. Owner seems like a nice enough guy in the past.  Note to someone: not having a computer is no reason for poor customer service. Also, perhaps having someone pitch in behind the bar would be a good idea so that the easily flustered bartender doesn't get so stressed out next time.  I hope somone got to enjoy my beer or that the extra $4.25 went to buy some sort of stress relief for the bartender because that $4.25 didn't do a damn thing for me.
Like many born and raised new englanders, from time to time I get the craving for *quality* British pub food, and in Arizona this can be a disappointment in the making... Until you try George and Dragon.  The fish and chips is hands down the BEST I've ever had. Scotch eggs are always good, again if you have a palate for this type of fare. They are served with a tangy fruit chutney, and everything is complimented by their exceptional list of beers on *fresh* tap.   Late nights can get a little loud and rowdy but otherwise its a fun and relatively clean establishment. Cant wait to go again!
From the other descriptions I am reading, I believe our party had the same blond bartender.  Granted she didn't curse out anyone in our party, but it wasn't a very pleasant experience.  It's like she can't be bothered and perform her job in pleasant manner.  Why employ anyone like that?  Last time I checked, restaurants were in the SERVICE industry, so provide better service or customers won't come back.
Been going to G&D ever since moving here to Phoenix a little over 3yrs ago.  My first experience at the place was a few weeks after moving.  It was the middle of August and the AC and all refrigeration at the place had gone out.  Despite the rising heat in the place the bartenders were still moving quickly behind the bar and trying to make the most of the situation for the customers.  They let people know the situation and were knocking down prices as beers started to get a lil warm before things got fixed later on in the early evenning.  I noticed that lots of people still stuck around even with it getting pretty warm inside.  That to me meant on a regular day this was a good spot.  Ever since that first time and thinking there was a reason people stuck around, my thoughts have been proved right each time I go.  I have never had a bad time when I go into G&D.  The food is great, especially with the newer menu and cooking staff.  I have yet to have a bad item when I order food.  Most recently had the Turkey Club and it was a huge sandwich and very good.  The wings are always great and the potato soup on Thursdays is a good eat during Trivia.  Yeah, I said it, soup in AZ.  Staff has always been great.  Like the servers at any and all restaurants, there are good servers and ok servers.  At G&D it is no different but here the OK servers are better than most you will find at other small pubs and bars.  When it gets overly busy orders can run slow but that should be expected during a huge rush.  Over all I have found that the staff is great and if you go there to enjoy yourself and treat them well, they return the favor.  I have been going to the G&D long enough that I have gotten to know most of the staff and have not had a bad experience with any of them.  I am a big fan of this place and try to make it there once a weekend.  I rarely miss a Trivia night on Thursdays.  Highly recommend hitting up the G&D, one of the better spots I have found here in Phoenix.
The drinks are so weak here that I had to order a vodka shot to put in my vodka martini and a whiskey shot to put in my whiskey sour. It tasted like water before. Any liquor drinks taste like watered down juice. And they aren't cheap drinks, so that's ridiculous. The food is good though.
This was our second venture to this joint: the first time was a disaster as we didn't even get noticed once so no food or drink was to be had. The staff gets perfect marks for ignoring us, This time the joint wasn't to busy so figured we would have a decent chance at getting service. Well we sort of got service from a staff member who seemed annoyed we bothered her to order. The drinks were slow to come out and for beer it wasn't very cold. Before we could ask for waters our server ran away. We did finally order "food" the curry wings looked like a pile of gooey vomit and didn't taste much better. There were three of us at the table, each regretfully had one wing and shoved the rest to the side. I ordered the Halo burger which had a crisp cheddar ring around it which was the best part. The burger itself was something straight from the freezer, pre-made greasy as all can be. No flavor and the condiments that came with the burger were the standard fare. The steak fries as a side should have stayed in the kitchen. They were underdone and soggy. No flavor either. My wife ordered the french dip, something that usually you can't screw up. Well these guys at G&D are batting 1000 with subpar food, I've tasted better french dips at hospital cafeterias. Our friend ordered the Reuben grinder, he said it was OK, but again the fries stayed on the plate. Our wait staff was non existent. She never bothered to check on us once. We had to stand up to show that we were ready for our check...that really didn't work so our friend had to track her down. Plan to ask for your check well ahead of time as they do not value your time. I guess we are the idiots for trying the place again but really you might get em on a bad day so give them the benefit of the doubt and try em again. Well twice was WAY more than I will be spending there. I know they have a lot of regulars and maybe these folks are fine with the usual horrible AZ customer service and crappy food. I for one, coming from Chandler, like to enjoy a decent meal. We didn't order anything complex yet this joint managed to make even a simple burger just plain bad.
I like this place.I'm comfortable here. I don't drink and don't watch sports so unfortunately there's not much of a reason for me to go,but the few times I've been with friends have been very enjoyable. I did play trivia one night and cheated off some other player's smartphone. I like the fact that real people go and are just plain social. Haven't tried the food yet. Oh,I stopped in last night for a bit with a friend and we had the blonde server who was genuinely nice to us.I wish I had better recall,but I think she said her name was Valerie when she came to the table as we arrived. On the few occasions I've been here,have always been treated well even though all I'm drinking is Pepsi... Some bars look down on that as they consider it "deadheading" and taking up space...They make their money on alcohol,so they make nothing on me... Treated very well here every time none the less.
I've been popping into the George and Dragon nearly every Thursday since last April for trivia nights.  I like the place.  The trivia host is entertaining and the place feels worn in, but not worn down.  I feel comfortable and welcome every time I visit.  Most weeks I end up ordering a couple beers from the rather large selection.  The drink prices, while high for some people's tastes, are comparable to what I've seen in other places.  Imports are going to cost more, it's the price you pay to have a selection of Boddington's, Murphy's and Guinness all in one place, among other things.  Normally on trivia nights I don't end up getting food, as although I find their portions proportional to the prices, I don't feel I need to eat half my weight in fish and chips in one sitting.  I have no qualms with the quality on the few occasions I've grabbed some eats, for example the curry chicken is very flavorful and highly recommended.  The dragon wings are another of my favorite, spicy but not overwhelming.  The fish and chips, as previously mentioned, are served on a giant platter and have generally been excellent.  I recommend at least one visit to this bar.  Don't be scared off by the divey look of the pub-front.  The F.C. scarves adorning the ceiling, British booze advertisements on the walls, and the cozy but not claustrophobic seating arrangements make it a unique place in the middle of the desert.  If you do visit, pop in on a trivia night so you can listen to the host demean the guests with some clever snide remarks and give yourself an entertaining diversion for a night.  Who knows, you may become a regular before you know it.
This is a very differant place. It has been here for about 20 years, maybe more.  They have a good menu for food. A bit high priced, but very authentic.  So my girlfriend says and she grew up on British food. Their fish and chips are really good, Chicken Pie and a good drink selection as well. Lots of parkiing in the lot. Big dining area and lots going on like pool, darts, and other games on different nights. Nice patio, but smoking is allowed there. good for smokers ,not good for me. Their is a strange smell inside, that i can't quite place, not bad just strange.   I like it though. Food is good!
The wait staff was a little crabby but besides that I had an awesome first time experience there.
Four of us ate here for the first time and were all very impressed. I have high standards for food and service but this exceeded them.   SERVICE: First and foremost the service was OUTSTANDING! I wish I would had noted the girls name but her description of the menu was fabulous. Made our mouth water for everything. The food was just what she described. She always was there at the right time and anticipated our next need.  FOOD: It came out piping hot (which is a must for me). The unique combinations of flavors were prepared and presented perfectly. We had fish and chips, fish tacos, and meatloaf (the best ever). All home made and outstanding! The beer was amazing and I can't forget to mention the bread pudding was also the best I have ever had!  We will definitely be making this place a regular stop.
Cheap drinks! and it wasn't even happy hour! SCORE! Seriously. I thought this place was a Chinese food place due to the name. I had no idea it was actually a Pub. My mistake. I was here this past Saturday celebrating a friends birthday and we enjoyed ourselves. Between people watching and just talking about everything (and I do mean everything) plus the drinks were cheap. What more can a girl ask for? I will definitely be back here again!
We were here twice. Every place (even with Guinness) can't be a 5 star place so some of the draw backs are it smells kind of funky and the parking lot really needs lines.   Both times I think the tap needs to be replaced because the stout was not as thick and creamy as usual. But the pubs in the UK did spoil me. The portions were a little small. We had to order seconds to feel full.   Make sure you try the HP sauce on whatever you order. This is a thick, tangy steak sauce that makes every flavor soar.   It does smell a little bar-like inside.
This place is great. We've taken friends, out of towners, and family here. We went here the night of my bachelorette party. The food is good. I've had the hummus.. mmm I forgot what other food I had here. The service is great, there are pool tables and darts. The bathrooms are horrible, but you really go in expecting that. The big comfy booths are key. The outdoor area is really nice at night under the misters. We had one lame waitress once. She did a good enough job but had the sense of humor of a wet mop.   This place is always a good time.
I have been coming to G&D for a while now. I was introduced to the friendly, British bar, by a good friend of mine who was determined to slay the dragon (which she finally did after 2 or 3 years.) I have to be honest, I have never had a meal at this place, but I have had plenty to drink. Just the other day, my running club met up for drinks after our long run, and it just so happened to be trivia night! If it wasn't for work the next day, we would have stayed the entire night and finished up the game. A couple of my friends did end up ordering dinner from the menu. I have to say that the fish looked delish! The only downfall to this place is that it does get a little loud during the busy nights and the sound system can be a little better for those who are trying to listen to the trivia questions (on Thursday). Overall, this is a very friendly, neighborhood bar and I am definitely not about to cut this one from the list.
Good service, food and prices but a god awful sewer smell permeated the entire place!
My head is still throbbing in protest after the 1st EVER George and Dragon Toga Pub Crawl:Just imagine  a bunch of drunkards in togas on the light rail terrorizing local bars such as The Old Spaghetti Factory;  Cheuvront (they LOVED us); Carly's Bistro; The Lost Leaf; reBar; Lucky Strike; Copper Blues; Seamus's and then back to George and Dragon where the fun all started.  A FANTASTIC bloody good time. A shout out to the roller derby girls who were doing their own pub crawl...sorry we had to part ways.  Too much good fun.......can't wait for the next one!!!!!
The best place in town to watch European football (soccer for locals). I would rate it with 5 stars but the food is just tasteless, so think about watching football and having drinks there only.
George & Dragon is definitely a cool place to hang out, have a drink and watch sports with your friends.    A few of us went here a couple weeks ago before an evening event.  We grabbed one of the large half circle booths near the windows.  A waitress came over, took our drink orders and told us about what was good. Now Ive heard the Fish & Chips was the best in town.  So after looking at the menu, my girlfriend and I both got that.  Im a huge fish & chips fan...  So I will try any and all of them. Plus being Friday, they are usually all-you-can-eat.    Our meals came out and I was ready to dig in.  It smelled delicious.  When I took a bite, I noticed that it was crunchier than i usually like.  Almost too crunchy. I asked for a couple sides of sauce to dip it in.  Seems I used up both sides pretty quickly.    Ok, the fish was good.. but it didnt blow my mind and it wasnt the best.  So far my favorite Fish & Chips is Fox & Hound over on Bell Rd & 83rd.  Still G&D is a great place! .. I will order something different next time.
I feel lik eI say this in all of my ratings, but I really do love this place! They have great comfort food, fresh vegetables (which are hard tom find even in upscale places) and it's got the classic pub feel, not the American "pub" feel, if you know what I mean. The only down side is that the wait staff/bartenders are hit or miss, the ones that are a hit are fantastic and genuinely friendly, but the ones that are a miss are LAME! Terrific place for groups also.
Atmosphere is very English. Food was pricey, but quite authentic.   Tried the scotch egg, it was different, but good with the chutney!  Had the lamb roast, seemed a little bland, and the peas were frozen.  Overall, an average meal, with cool atmosphere!
Good Food! PLEASE get some new Tv's Not a good place for NFL Sundays!
The fish and chips tasted very good. The problem was that the bar was on the grimey side and the food was not fresh. The corn that came as a side was definitely not fresh I would be willing to wager was frozen. The staff was polite but hard at work trying to obtain good tips from regulars and everyone else was 2nd class. I would return, but they have some shaping up to do. STOP using frozen food.
Every time we've been people have been friendly.  There's a camaraderie.  A Cheers-esque feeling if you will. Important in any neighborhood bar.   I've sampled the fish and chips and Shepard's pie and have not been disappointed.  Service has been good, quick and efficient.
Ive never had the food here, just drinks.  This is probably one of the most authentic British Pubs in the valley, proof by the Brit owner cracking jokes on the mic behind the bar.  They have a great tap and bottle selection, and their mixed drinks are pretty good as well. Very friendly staff, kind of slow sometimes, but very accommodating. The decor is nice, just kitchy enough. The pool tables are cheap, and I believe they have darts as well.  A great place to start or finish your night in Central Phoenix.
Always fun to hit up the George & Dragon Pub when visiting Phoenix.  The food wont blow you away, its standard pub fair, but the atmosphere is great.  Plenty of TV's to cover any game thats on, whether that be British Football or any American Sports.  Darts, Pool Table, and when they have Karaoke, seems like a few pros show up and put on quite a show.  If you are looking for a bar atmosphere that is a lot of fun, this place is worth a visit.
G&D is an authentic, dark British pub with friendly staff and cold drinks. I like the dart boards and pool tables. The patio looking onto Central would be cool if it wasn't always filled with smokers. Don't bother dressing up or expecting to see pretty people here. You go to drink! G&D was my best guess for a friend who wanted to watch early-morning Chelsea games as he does at pubs in San Diego, but I don't believe they open early for that.
Love coming here for team trivia night on Thursdays.  They have Guinness on tap, which makes this girl very happy, and decent irish food.  We love the team trivia guy.
When I want to get my English on, this is the first place I think of!!! The owner of this pub is the funniest, sweetest bar owner I have ever met! Each time my girlfriends and I go here he is always greeting us and sits down and chats! My favorite night is trivia nights on Thursday evenings. It's always fun to test you and your friend's random knowledge. The best part is, everyone in the bar participates and everyone gets into it. Not only can you enjoy great food, delicious beers and fun people, the winners of trivia get free food and drinks! How does this not sound like a great place to visit?! Just an FYI this place gets crazy around soccer, I mean football season!!! Fun place to check out!
Really authentic british fare. The ambiance is true to the food. The staff is absolutely friendly and knowledgeable on the menu.  They've been here 18 years  - that says a lot.  The appetizers are fabulous; the wings are my favorite!  They come out hot, they're spiced nicely, they're HUGE compared to most wings and you can order them crispy..and they come out crispy!  The prices are very fair. It's just a fun, solid place that is very comfortable and you are guaranteed a good meal.  Good parking, and there's a rail stop within 1 block.  I totally recommend this place!
I go to the G&D about once a year. Everytime the food is very average and the staff is indifferent. The wife and I went there a couple weeks ago, a buddy of mine Peter was doing a 24 hour piano marathon, pretty sure it was for St Joe's hospital. The corn beef and cabbage was flavorless deli corn beef. (no seasoning...) The wife had seasonless fish and chips. Better hiring and training will fix all this. So why the 3 stars after all this? Great live music and a well poured Guinness is worth something. ;)
Love this Pub! The Shepherds Pie and bread pudding is AWESOME! Plenty of beer on tap and available. This place has that home town around the corner feel. My only complaint with this bar is that if you are female the waitresses tend to take their time serving you! Otherwise I dig the joint!
I received a very nice email from the manager addressing our unsatisfactory experience.  I always appreciate when managers/owners care enough to reach out to an unhappy customer.  I will definitely give G&D another shot.
Our annual Brides of March pub crawl patronized this establishment this past Saturday and I have to say, our experience was not exactly stellar.    I get that there were a lot of us.  I realize it must be a tall order to serve 100ish tipsy brides.  BUT, as I understand it, bars and restaurants were notified beforehand that we were coming.    And that is why there is no excuse for having to wait ONE HOUR for an appetizer platter.  An HOUR.  For fried things.  And to add insult to injury, people to our right and left were eating well before we were and they sat down after we did.  The icing on the cake was that we asked the waitress to substitute something else for the zucchini sticks and can you guess what happened?  We got zucchini sticks.    The food is fine - it's bowling alley food and I'm okay with that.  But the service was inexcusable.
The atmosphere was pretty good for a pub, but the food was "meh."  For an English pub the fish and chips were average at best. The service was very poor because they were too busy and had little staff. The waitress was overwhelmed, but was courteous and pleasant. Even though she was nice, we did not have our drinks refilled and were forgotten about for long periods of time.  The manager was very unaware of things that had to get done it seemed as he was busy moving tables, but not helping the wait staff fill drinks and assist with customers.
People come to this bar for different reasons.. some to play games, like pool, darts or cards. Others come to eat and have a few beers for lunch and others may come to hang out on the sidewalk, drink, tell stories and smoke cigarettes. The latter is where I fit in.  Living on Central is awesome because of all the places it has to offer but the G&D is by far the most festive of any of the street side parties. The staff is amazing and those girls run their pretty little tails off for you. Give em a try, come out on a music night and slam down a crisp Carlsberg and munch on some curry wings that you will think your grandma made from a cookbook. Ok I said it, kind of boring but delicious just the same.
An update to my original review, I just learned that those Curry Wings are something off the menu so please keep it a secret or they won't let me come back.  Now how about that Fresh skin on Haddock fillet I keep asking about G&D? If you do decide to serve it sometime please make sure you order them in fresh 10lb trays from Boston, put it on Facebook and I'll be there to consume an order or maybe even two I miss it so much. Now something like that would pretty much sum up my fish on Friday dilemma in this dusty old town.
Enjoyed the fish and chips. The fish flaky, thick cut, with a thin crispy batter. The chips... a little to soft. Overall pretty good. Looks like a great place to catch a soccer game. English style food.
I had the best meatloaf here, that I have ever had in my entire live. It is layered with awesomely goodness. I like that it is a dark, out of the way spot. I will definitely head over there again.
Stopped in here on a whim and was pleasantly suprised!  This is a great bar with great food.....try the scottish egg!  The bartender sat and told me about other sites in thePhoenix area that I should go check out!  Very friendly place.  I will be returning !
Food was ok - atmosphere is fine.  I was not overly impressed on my two visits but nothing was really wrong with it either.
Quite good, possibly the best fish and chips I've had in the States.
I have been here a couple times and generally enjoy it. The parking is not the best and it's a dark lit area. They have decent beer selection, the food is hit or miss. I have had the fish & chips 2 times and it was good but the coleslaw that came with it was horrible. The other times I had just a pub burger and it was nothing special. I've been able to catch a few of the bagpipe acts here and it's cool to see. They have darts and a pool table. Overall it's a cool place to come have a drink.
Absolutely fun place to hang out. Good beer. Good food...except avoid the coleslaw. They had live music when we were there. I've never been to England or Europe but I'd imagine this is what it's like. Fun people fun atmosphere fun times.
Went in for a quick beer but decided to have lunch too. Had the fish and chips and was surprised on the two large pieces of fish I received.the fish was hot and fresh, the chips were nice and hot too. The wife had steak and kidney pie which she said was perfect . They have a great selection of beer and liquor . Would absolutely go back again next time we see a Dbacks game.
I've been coming here every Thursday with friends for Trivia Night for probably a year and a half now. Even though I'm a regular, I've only had the food here a handful of times, so I can't really offer too much insight in that aspect. However, I can tell you that the experience you get at G&D is superb. From the time I first started coming up until now, I've had several different waitresses--all of whom are super friendly and provide great service. Our current waitress, Ashley, have already memorized our regular drink orders. I always get a hot tea with lots of extra lemons and some extra napkins, and she never fails to get all of that to me as soon as we are seated. Trivia nights are amazingly fun. Even though we're a group of young girls competing against 40 or 50-year old men who knows every obscure fact on the face of this planet, it's still great to test your knowledge and learn some random new information you might not have known before. For example, I now have it ingrained in my brain that "Nights in White Satin" is by The Moody Blues (as they've asked that question more than a couple times in past trivia nights...).  David, the owner of G&D is a great guy who's very personable. He comes around to each table and chats with different groups, and sometimes offers hints to questions if he doesn't consider you to be a "wanker" (a term he often uses to call out the really obnoxious customers). He also tells a couple of dirty or "offensive" jokes every Thursday, all in good fun!  One more thing...the bathroom toilet seat covers have the British flag on them! It's pretty cool. Also I heard that the women's bathroom in the back is haunted, but the scariest thing I've ever seen in there so far was only a cockroach, so I'm not sure how accurate that rumor is.  I love G&D because it's not at all pretentious. It's just a comfortable place where you can come hang out, relax, enjoy a few drinks with friends, chat and play games. It's got its little quirks, but that's what I love about it, and when I walk in I feel completely at home. :)
We stepped into this restaurant and it looked like what I'd imagine an British pub would be. The menu offers several different beer, wine, and liquor options, from several different regions of the world. Food options are a mix of American, Irish, and British pub type foods.  We started with the medium hot wing drumettes as an appetizer. They were the right amount of heat level- not too hot, not too mild. The sauce itself was very vinegary and the meat tasted a little on the dry side.  As for entrees, I decided on the fish and chips, and tried some of the shepherd's pie. The fish and chips came as 2 sizable pieces of battered fillets, with a heap of fries. Although I ordered it with peas, it came with an extra side of coleslaw. The batter was excellent on the fish: A beautiful golden brown, and very crisp. The fish though, tasted dry. The coleslaw was crisp, but had no flavor.   Service was somewhat lackluster. Although our server would take away plates, he did not bother to check on our table to refill drinks (Sodas). Even when asked if we could get a refill he forgot to go to our table until we were done with our meal, and by that time it didn't matter to us if we had refills. In addition, it took a long time to get our check.  I wasn't too impressed with the fish and chips, but I did like the shepherd's pie better. The mashed potatoes, ground meat, and veggies meshed well together with the gravy.   While I wasn't very impressed with the fish and chips, I'd like to give George and Dragon another shot. Maybe another item on the menu will be better on the palate!
Great drink prices, good food, fun atmosphere, and friendly staff. We've been coming here for Thursday trivia for a few months now. It's a great place to get together with friends! The crowd is a nice mix and it's definitely not a pretentious place.
Basically a no frills pub.  It's been here forever and they're unapologetically unpretentious.  If you're looking for fine dining or exquisite presentation you're in the wrong place.  But if you want some decent pub grub, a pool table, or a great place to watch some soccer, then this is a good spot.  Location is right on the light rail line on Central Ave.  During happy hour you'll see everything from corporate suits to motorcyclists to neighborhood locals.  And yes, the fish and chips are on point.
We definitely want to give this place a try again.  We made our way to this location on a Thursday night around 8 p.m. and the main portion was pretty decently packed, so we sat off to the right side, which seemed more open.  Next time I would like to sit int he main part where all the noise and decor is really happening.    I had the Cornish Pastie - "puff pastry stuffed with ground beef, vegetables, served with  mashed potatoes, peas and gravy."  And he had the Shepherd's Pie - "marinated lean ground beef, mashed potatoes, sharp cheddar and gravy upon request."  Both were delicious!  The food was definitely the hard core return factor for us.  The staff seemed friendly enough and our waitress took care of everything in an efficient manner - she had a group that went from about 8 people to roughly 20 people in the corner booth over the ~45 min. we were there so she got a tad tied up towards the end with accommodating their orders.    Overall: B+ Sit in the main part of the restaurant - be ready for a bit of loud music / noise.  Enjoy the decor and eat some good pub food.
George & Dragon! After driving by you for months, I finally decided to stop in. Very nice!  Well, pretty nice. Maybe just nice. The four star rating is very weak, but I decided to bump up from 3 to 4 because we had a good time. I like that this place is low key and not pretentious. I like that on Sundays, they play different football games rather than just focusing on the Cardinals. And I like that they host different things, like live music and trivia nights.  The food is very bland. However, it's a bar, so expecting the meal of your life is a little silly. It isn't greasy, bad bar food; it's average and a little overpriced. I would stick to a simple appetizer and some drinks in the future.  Fish and chips were OK - the corn was definitely frozen, and I think the fish may have been as well. Burger was very simple and bland. I did like the thick cut fries, but they were probably frozen as well. Portions were pretty good, which is a plus.  The service was OK. A little lackluster - our server seemed a bit frazzled, and she was the only one working the dining room. There were several tables that hadn't been cleared of the dirty dishes after the customers had left, so seating was limited based on that. The restaurant isn't dirty, but it isn't immaculate, either.  I can definitely see why people wouldn't like this place, but for me, it's close to home, and it's a good place to relax without being around a huge crowd. If you stop in, don't expect too much, and you'll (hopefully) be pleasantly surprised like my husband and I were.
Good food. Staff is really nice. Erica she was a little snotty but over all a good place to be. Good vibes for the most part. They have karaoke and pool too. Cool place.
I went here on a Friday night for dinner.  It was kinda busy but not so much that it was too loud and oppressive.    We ordered the cornish pasty and the fish and chips for dinner.  The cornish pasty was by far my favorite dish.  If I had only that for dinner I would have given 4 stars.  The fish and chips though were too thickly breaded.  It really over powered the fish, and wasn't even cooked long enough to make the breading crisp.  It was just too heavy.  I wish the breading was thinner and crisper.  This is why I rated only a three.  It makes me wonder about the rest of the dishes.  Maybe I'll get another chance to eat here again.
I've been here a handful of times over the years for dinner.  Had no clue they had a weekend brunch menu.  I think I was the only one that  ordered off the regular menu in our group.  Based on comments no one went away unhappy with their choices.  Our waitress had never worked opening shift before but did a great job.  The place is getting a little worn but it fits.  I am sure I'll end up here again.
Tonight is Friday which means its all you can eat fish and chips. I tell you what, they did not disappoint.  As Arizona is not a sea faring state, they of course use previously frozen fish that they make their own batter for. Now, don't get turned off by the fish being from where it is,  you can barely tell. The fish was flaky and juicy and the batter was crisp and flavorful. The chips were soft on the inside and crisp on the outside so they were obviously cooked at the perfect temperature.  Service was of the top, and attention wasn't lacking. I would highly recommend that you spend some time at our local English pub, it won't disappoint.
Great food every time, lots of lovely staff, a bit rough around the edges but if you want someone to wipe your mouth after each bite, don't go to an English pub.   Decor is warm and cozy, almost that if it's in the middle of London. Tons of seating, booths, tables, and bar seating available. They've even got a pool table for those with short attention spans while drinking. :)   The best thing about this place is, according to the Boyfriend, you can chat with locals or chill in a corner and enjoy the environment and not be bothered. Poker night on Wednesdays draws a bunch of old timer locals. Trivia night on Thursdays is apparently bustin at the seams, I'll be back to check that out too.   Drinks are rockin, food is excellent every time. What more could you ask for? It feels like home. Home sweet pub.
G&D is one of my favorite spots to meet up with friends! They have great Happy Hour specials and even when it is not happy hour, their prices are very reasonable.   Almost daily they have something going on. Poker, Trivia (my fav) and karaoke, sports.   Their food is quite delicious as well. My favorites are the Hummus and the Curry Chicken.  Their staff is wonderful as well. Customer service is huge to me and they are top notch! Always a smile to go with your drink. The owner is great as well. He walks around telling jokes and interacting with the customers.   Give this place a try, you will not be disappointed!   Cheers!!
The food was fantastic. Me and my boyfriend went and enjoyed the food greatly. He said, "I only wish they had more food." I'm only giving four stars because although the foods was good and our waitress fantastic, I've been here before and know it can take some time to get your food; other than that this place is great. Divert ask me about their alcohol though, because I don't drink. They did seem to have a large selection available however.
My fianc and I love George and dragon! We live down the street and ride our bikes there a lot. The owner is very friendly and the bartender is excellent! Try the honey siracha wings they are to die for.
There was a college bar near a University on the East Coast that I used to go to many years ago that always smelled like a cross between stale beer and bathroom cleaner.   I am glad those days are gone, but when I walked in the door here, that same smell (although fainter) greeted me.  Unfortunately, it's not pleasant.  I know this place is trying to be a British pub,  but it seemed more like a biker bar with the loud music, crowd and dinginess during dinner time.  It's almost like they don't give a crap about the restaurant tables.  Our server was nice and he did a good job and my food was also decent.  The burger ordered was just okay,  but I couldn't help feeling awkward.   The dingy bar and drinking crowd in the middle of the restaurant just doesn't work for me.    I feel like there is so much confusion, is it a biker bar, is it a restaurant, is it a biker bar in a dingy restaurant? British pubs have more of a cozy rustic feel and this place has none of that.    They could do so much for so little money to make the restaurant area just a little bit nicer or at least some cozy accent lighting so you don't feel so awkward eating here with your family.  I noticed other people felt awkward here as well.  Won't be back.
Go Thursday nights (9pm) for the live trivia, it's the best in the valley. Drinks are very reasonable (I think Guinness was 5.25 not during happy hour, which runs from 4-7pm and after 11pm). High quality fish and chips, shepherds pie, and even curry, just like a real British pub. An old favorite.
I love GnD! The owner is so great, he's hysterical, full of stories, and charming. Monday nights are karaoke. Watch out, people take it very seriously. My girl and I laughed our way through Sir Mix A Lot, only to have a world class karaoke-r go after us and put us to shame. Thursday is trivia, come early as it gets PACKED. Happy hour is from 4-7, $1 off all drinks, making a Jameson $4.95, hell ya. The bartenders are all friendly, make a strong drink, and are attentive. There's also a jukebox for you to pick your poison, darts, and pool tables.   Some of the best fish and chips around. The potato skins are a god send after drinking for 3 hours straight. Everyone who comes here seems to be a regular, gives off a legit English pub vibe.
Great food... Can not even explain the enjoyment from the Greek pizza! So delicious in my mouth! And the Guiness promo! The boyfriend got free glasses! AND for the desert... Berry cobbler... YUM! Just moved from beach area CA... So not biased! Please enjoy this place?
Found this place by driving by. It was only place after driving a few miles that was busy, so, must be a good sign on a Sunday night. The waiter was very friendly. We  had to try the fish and chips...outstanding. Not greasy and you actually get fish instead of gready batter with a little fish. Drinks were good and strong. The owner was there and came by to greet our table. After ready some previous post on Yelp, some reviewers thought the owner was rude, I totally disagree. He was a nice guy that cares about his business, otherwise he wouldn't be there and be in business for over 15 years.
Enjoyed a fun night with friends. Best fish n chips! We had a party of at least 13 and the waitress was amazing.
Strong drinks. Cheap drinks. Yummy food. Great location. Easy and laid back. One of my favorite bars.
There food is really good! Affordable and great food! We live right behind the pub and just walk right over!! Great service and probably one of the best Fish and chips!! Also their shepherds pie is pretty good!
I really hate to give this place a less than stellar review because I want to like it so badly! The location is great, far enough out of downtown to avoid the clutter and close enough to have train access and feel like you're in a more urban area. Big family style benches allow for friend-making outside and individual tables inside. I'm surprised I came back after the first time. On a busier night, we couldn't get service to save our lives. We made sure we weren't stepping on toes by seating ourselves and sat, staring at servers running AROUND us for 15 minutes before going to the bar and begrudgingly ordering a beer from there instead. We sat and tried to shake it off while drinking one of many draft choices and waited, trying to make any contact with a server so we could get a menu or so I could merely ask where the bathroom was at-but nothing. I even timed how long it would take to get any attention without waving my arms around and after 10 more minutes we gave up. Apparently we were also given up on because the only interaction we had was the server rudely ripping our drink menu off the table without a word! That being the last straw, our feelings a little hurt, and trying to dial down why we felt like we were refused service, we left half full beers and walked out upset. I still over analyze the situation and try and figure out what in the hell we did wrong!  Now, we came back to meet with friends almost a year later and service was slightly more decent. For mediocre bar food and bare minimum service that I usually have to flag down or jump straight to the bar for. I don't see all the hype in my own personal experience and that totally bums me out given that I like the atmosphere and location so much and so do many of my friends/coworkers. We still go here out of convenience and a quick beer occasionally but I can't seem to get the bad taste out if my mouth. Bummersville.
It's A really nice English pub. Makes me feel like I'm back in the UK. Clean. Plenty of space. Friendly staff. Restrooms clean. Good food. Great beer. Felt real welcome. Lots of parking. User friendly.
My favorite bar ever! Live right down the street and I've been going here for past year, everyone there is super friendly and nice. I love the music, food, the beer! They also have pool tables and darts. And have karaoke night, trivia night, poker night, and ladies nights. Love this bar, if you haven't checked it out yet, you should!!!
Great place! My favorite in Phoenix! Great vibe, friendly staff, friendly patrons, darts, pool, good tap selection, good prices, and lots of space. It's a nice neighborhood bar. Cheers! :)
Been meaning to try this place for years and finally had an opportunity. Unfortunately it was a huge let down. The first bad sign was that upon walking in every table table that wasn't occupied had not been cleared from the previous diners. During the 1 1/2 hrs (!!!) that we were here there were several tables that NEVER got cleared. It took 20 minutes to get our drinks and another 45+ minutes until we received our food which was strange as no one else in the restaurant seemed to be ordering any food. There was a hair in the fish and chips (disgusting but mistakes happen), and the rest of the food was sub par at best.   Having lived half my life in England  I've been to plenty of pubs and also eaten plenty of mediocre pub food (none to my recollection as tasteless as this). However I would imagine that if you're trying to emulate a British Pub across the pond you would only want to bring over the best of the best, not the worst of the worst. Even the sad little mini frozen sausage rolls I had as a child were better. I'm a bit horrified that this is the "taste of England" that is being imposed on unsuspecting Arizonians who don't know any better.   I guess if you're just looking to knock back a pint or two and play pool and would only ever order food under the most drunk and dire of circumstances then you may enjoy this version of a pub. There certainly were a lot of regulars (not ordering food...).   P.S. I don't know if that greasy little man was a busser or a patron. If he was a patron he had no business going into the kitchen as many times as he did, or eating on the floor. If he was a busser then it would have been nice to see him clear more than one table he did. And I most certainly hope it was not his stringy long hair that we found in the fish and chips, although I wouldn't be surprised.
The food is bland which I guess is to be expected since it is English.  However, it was substance and not exspensive.
Came in here for a quick lunch with my wife. It's along the light rail so it's easily accessible. Seems to be an authentic English pub - it's dark and dingy, and football scarves and flags adorn the walls. We sat in a booth and I ordered a burger while my wife tried a veggie curry. I wasn't impressed with the grub but it was cheap so can't complain. People come here to drink anyway, not to eat. I'll return to watch the football again but just make sure you eat at home before hand.
A cool place to sit and have a few drinks and chat with friends, it's not too loud to have a conversation. The beer selection is good and the drinks are strong so I felt I got my money's worth if your into pubs it's a good place.
This is a very nice place to chill and hang out watch sports. They have full service bar and lots tables for large groups. I hear it gets crowded for sport games and on them weekend. Always friendly good service and casual environment to chat and talk.
Love this place. I'm in the industry I come by after work. Great service great atmosphere. Kat and Jena are awesome!
Great food & beer selection. Fun staff. very authentic looking bar. Their lunch specials are really good too.  Good place to watch sporting events. Highly recommend.
So I'm a huge fan of any ethnic food culture that has discovered that stuffing meat and/or cheese into a pastry shell is delicious.  So one day I tried the ground beef and onion pasty at this little shop, served to me by a friendly long-haired hippie dude.  Well, I get no further than bite two, and what's that extra ingredient that I detect? A hair of course.  But not just any old little hair, like a two foot long hair, most certainly from that greasy hippie's long doo.  A long hair in my pasty will always seal the deal for me to never go back.
For some reason, the older dude behind the counter reminded me of a retired sailor. Who knew this type of food originated in the UK? I was berated for not knowing this is traditional Scottish food.   I do enjoy their chicken pasty with white sauce and vegetables. It is so big, it is almost heavy! Seriously! I think I gain like 3 pounds consuming a whole one. It tastes like a doughy chicken pot pie in a shape resembling a gignormous stromboli on steroids. However, they are supremely messy to eat and I have to sit down on a bench to eat one, because I lack the balance to nosh on one and walk down the street at the same time. My boyfriend said it's entertaining to watch me eat one. Be sure to seriously do a face check after finishing so you don't look like a slob.
The best pasties in Madison, hands down. For the uninitiated, pasties (pronounced "pass-tees") are traditionally ground beef and onions in a thick pastry shell. Teddywedgers has a wide variety of choices available, from the traditional beef & onion to much less traditional but still extremely tasty breakfast concoctions featuring eggs and Canadian bacon. For pizza fans they have the Big Cheesy, which adds cheese and tomato sauce on top of the traditional ingredients, while those avoiding red meat will be satisfied by their chicken pasties, which my fiance compared to a chicken pot pie.  The entire shop would fit in a walk-in closet, so there's no seating to speak of and every order is "to go", but there are public benches nearby. They always have pasties hot and ready to go (much like places where you can buy pizza by the slice), so you get your food faster than at most fast food places, and it's REAL food -- tasty, filling, and much healthier than anything sold at Micky D's. Plus, if you order a half pasty, you get to watch them chop it in two with a cleaver so big that it might be better described as a small sword. I've always enjoyed that.  I've eaten at Teddywedgers many times, and I've received the same excellent food and friendly service every time. I can't recommend this place highly enough.
Food: FANTASTICLY DELICIOUS! The pasties here (that's pass-tea, not paste-tea) are wonderful. Absolutely the best I've ever had. They have the traditional beef, potato and onion (great with ketchup), as well as breakfast (egg, cheese, meats, veggies), steak, veggie, pizza-like, and my favorite - chicken (like chicken pot pie) among others. They are always hot and ready to go. The prices are very reasonable for the sheer amount of food you get. Half a pasty can easily be split between two people for a satisfying lunch.  Drinks: They offer cheap canned soda.  Seating: None. It's very small inside, barely big enough for three people to stand there. I usually take my pasty down to the Espresso Royale cafe to enjoy it with coffee.  Atmosphere: Not much to say here. 9/10ths of the place is kitchen. The coolest thing, like Corey said, is the sword.   Staff: I've seen 4 different people working there, all of them are very friendly.  Miscellaneous: The breakfast pasties sell out *fast*. If you want one, be sure to get there early. It's nearly impossible to get one after 11 on farmers market days. They also offer their food frozen, so you can buy a couple to heat up at home.  Overall, this place is fantastic. It's my one of  favorite places to grab lunch during the week or breakfast on the weekends.
A corner stone of state street and wisconsin culinary repertoire.  (please don't call it a hot pocket)  The meat goes on top.  Meat juices drip on onion.  Meat+Onion juices drip on absorbant potato.  All of it is wrapped in a braided pastry pocket.  Genius!  (and genius that Teddywedgers has spared us the traditional rutabaga.)    The pasty stays hot for a long time.  Lore says welsh miners supposedly stuffed these "pies" down their shirts to stay warm and ate them for lunch.  (I do not recommend sticking food beneath your underlayers while at work)  Among the variations they offer, by far my favorite is the breakfast pie (Canadian Bacon, eggs, cheese, tomatoes, mushrooms and Italian sausage).    It is almost so good that I sometimes want to break my grad school routine and wake-up for breakfast.
Teddywedgers is and always will be my absolute favorite State Street restaurant.  The pasties are consistently delicious and I have so many great memories of this establishment.  I was first informed to the existence of this small cornershop in high school, when my friends and I would walk up and down State Street before heading to the Memorial Union.  Teddywedgers is the last store on State Street before the Capitol, but we never stopped in those nights since it was usually closed.  It wasn't until my freshman year at UW that I was introduced to the best pasty I have ever had.  My friend had been doing landscaping at a bank on the Square and had gone for lunch.  He was so impressed that the next week we went all the way up State Street on a beautiful fall day to split a chicken and white sauce pasty.  I've been hooked ever since.  A half pie is about all that I can handle, since these are quite big.    Since there is no seating inside the tiny shop, I almost always go during the warmer months so I can sit outside on the benches.  I love the chicken and white sauce pasty so much that I almost always get it in half pie form.  I've tried the ground beef, breakfast, pizza and veggie pies and I've enjoyed them all, but the chicken and white sauce is the ultimate lunch.  The breakfast pasty is a special treat since I'm not often downtown during the mornings.  They're not the easiest meals to eat gracefully, so it's a good idea to tear off two paper towels on your way out.  During college I used to wait for the first nice day of spring and head down to get my first pie of the year.  It was my "official" start to spring and my memories of this yearly event are some of my favorites from the time.  I would almost run out the lecture hall and on up State.  On several occasions I've driven down and there are a few metered parking spots along West Mifflin, so if you're lucky you can park and be back to the car within a couple of minutes, avoiding the fees for the ramps.  The owner, Myles, usually leaves a bit before noon, and it is always a treat to talk to him when he's in.  I've also gotten whole pasties to go.  When my father was laid up after shoulder surgery I picked one up on my way down to visit him at home, and I received a bit of good-natured ribbing for rushing out so quickly from Myles.  I took the pasty down to my parents' place 30 minutes south of Madison and warmed it up for 5 minutes in the oven.  It was just as good.
Uh no. Sorry. I tried this place, upon Dana V's recommendation (and I'm subletting from her too!), but it just didn't do it for me. I've had pasties in England (not the OTHER kinds of pasties, you sicko), and they were well-seasoned, juicy, and comforting. Teddywedgers was not like those at all.  Thick, lard-y bland crust. Meat needs more flavoring--tasted too much like cheap ground beef to me. Some worcestershire sauce, garlic, I dunno, SOMETHING.
Sitting on the corner of State, waiting for my boyfriend to arrive, I realized just how busy this place is. It's a good thing it only takes a minute or two to get your pasty, cause this place would have a line almost reaching the capitol if it took any longer.  The man behind the counter was friendly, and took a moment to explain the selection to me when I was deciding between a few. It must have gotten confusing, though...because when we got outside and dug into our pies, he had given me the wrong one. It was still good. A bit too much cheese, but good. I think next time I'd try a traditional meat and potato one.  By the way, no matter how hungry you THINK you are...just order half a pasty. They're HUGE.
This place was such a wonderful find as we wandered the streets aimlessly on our way to the Capitol.  I got a breakfast pasty half with sausage, canadian bacaon, toms, cheese, and eggs, and my son got the lunch #2 - steak and potatoes. Both were amazing and half filled us both for hours.   The folks working there were super nice and easy-going.
If Chicagoland has anything like this, please DO NOT point me there. I would weigh like a gazillion pounds! This place is one reason not to be vegan (vegetarians are safe).  A half of the veggie pasty did us in...twice on our trip to Madison. For the ladies: This is awesome period food. Not too greasy 'cause it's not fried, but the cheese, sauce and veggies will satisfy. Fun owner and staff. They make proper munchie food.
Wisconsin is not just about the cheese...  ...they are known for tiny turnover pastries called Pasties. If you are like me the name just sounds unappealing, but like other misleading food names (like spotted dick, creme of lox, or colon candy) they are actually delicious. The pasty came from Cornwall, England. It was a hand held "no need" for forks and knife meal for miners who had no time to come above for lunch.  The one we tried had cabbage, potato, and peas inside. We also tried a sweet pasty with cherries and icing. The sweet pasty reminded me of a McDonald's turnover. I still gobbled it down.   So if your traveling through Wisconsin and are lactoid intolerant or want to try something new get a Cornish pasty instead.
I just remembered that I ate here. I had a breakfast pastie which was sort of the breakfast equivalent of a calzone. Mine had I think egg, cheese, tomato, and sausage.The shop is probably only large enough to cater to 2 or 3 customers at a time, standing room only. Above the shop in the window is a drumset, presumably Myles Teddywedger gets up there and pulls some serious Shelia E type shit. Did he die? Someone here says he died? Oh god. He died?!  http://host.madison.com/wsj/news/local/article_b7363ca4-e78c-11de-8a3a-001cc4c002e0.html   ;_;
Salty.  Good god, so salty. Maybe I just had a bad pasty or something, but I never went back afterwords.  Besides the flavor of salt, there just wasn't a whole lot going on in one of these.  Pasties sit in the window for god knows how long, but I never once saw them putting fresh product out.  It might be nice to grab one on a winter day walking to work, but i'm just not sure it'd warrant taking off my gloves to eat.....
I just received a gift of a large quantity of Wedgers from family who recently visited Madison.  The overall taste of the pasties has not changed significantly, with the exception of the crust being a little thinner on the top and without the nifty dough swirl down the middle.  The thing which surprised me was how much smaller the Wedgers had become!  The cheese pasties are about two-thirds the size of what they were the last time I was there and the steak/potato ones were miniscule in comparison to their predecessors of yore.  As I understand it, the prices hadn't changed to keep up with the shrinking pasties.  I sadly remove a star from my previous rating due to them not being nearly as much of a deal as they used to be.
OK, the first thing you need to know is that Teddy's Pasties bear no resemblance to the Pasties you will get in England. Having said that, he does do a damn good job of trying.  The problem I think starts with the size of the bloody things.  A half pasty should not be an option, it is a meal in and of itself. Teddy's are HUGE. The pastry was a nice short crust, the taste was great, the texture was where it let itself down.  It had an overly processed texture (too long in the food processor), where in England you find a more hand cut texture to the veggies, can visually see the veggies (Carrots, Turnips, Potatoes, Onions, et al) and because of the size difference you can pick out those individual flavours. When you bite into Teddy's it just looks like a slab of meat.  In summary: Take the half option Enjoy the taste ( I did add pepper to mine, personal taste) Do not expect it to look like a Pasty bought in England Finally, just enjoy a damn good meal for a great price  BTW. I bought a full Steak Pasty as I thought I was hungry at the time.  I ate almost half for lunch and brought the rest back to Colorado that evening for tomorrows lunch. Seriously, that's how big they are!
Several people told me about the "pastys" when I asked where to eat lunch.  "Pastys" in this case are English-style pastries, not something exotic dancers where.  They were awesome!   This place is right off the state house in Madison and I can only guess how busy it gets at breakfast and lunch.   I had the #1 the first day.  Sausage, onions and potatoes, oh my!  Sooo good for just under $4!  And I couldn't finish it! The next day I had the pizza style!  a winner again!  I liked it even better ( I am a pizza freak) and again couldn't eat it all.  I wanted to, just was too full.   This place is a must try!
Myles Teddywedger's pasties (the 'a' is pronounced like mass, not like face) are a staple of the State St dining experience. For about $5.00, you get a hot sandwich encased in pastry dough. I've had two pasties from here, the veggie and the ground beef. I always am happy when a veggie dish doesn't disappoint, and the veggie pasty was rich and filling. It was a no-brainer then that the ground beef pasty was going to be good, and it was great. The only thing stopping me from giving 5 stars is the fact that food is all pre-cooked, so there can be some concerns about freshness. On the flip side, having the food pre-cooked means that you walk in hungry and feel satisfied in about 90 seconds. So, let's call it 4.5 stars.
there is not going to be a better $5.00 snack than one of these pastys on state street.  the dough is lite and crunchy and packed filled of typcially ground beef.  the only downfall is that it appeared these pastys are pre-cooked in the morning and therefore if you go in the afternoon, they wont be fresh or overly piping hot.  still everything was great for the price and you can quickly order, pay and leave.
Not bad for the price. roughly $5 for a pretty tasty chicken pot pie pasty. Too big for me to finish, but the flavor wasn't phenomenal.
Their Pasty's are stuffed full! I'd stick with what's on the menu regularly for first timers like the beef and onions. I was definitely impressed by the amount they put in each pasty. It's not full of air like others can be. It's hot, ready and a great food to eat on the go. The quality of the ingredients is what puts this at a 4 stars even though their not claiming to be gourmet. It is one of the better pasties I've had for sure!
The new owner doesn't seem to quite have the hang of how to make a pasty. I had the beef & potato. It was a ball, smaller than a softball. While it was...interesting, it was hard to eat.  The potatoes and onions were not cooked. They were cool and crunchy and not very pleasant.  It was much smaller than Myles' pasty and the prices were higher. That's not surprising given the state of the economy, but I would expect the quality to at least stay the same, not get worse.  I realized as I was leaving that he was still open about 20 minutes past the closing time listed on the door. He had a full shelf of pasties sitting under the heat lamp. I don't think I want to know how long they were sitting there.  Hopefully this is just a case of "New Owner Still Figuring Things Out"...but then, he's not that new anymore...  I hate to admit it, but the frozen pasties I get from the grocery store are now much better than what I found here.
On a nice sunny Saturday, it can be fun to go downtown on State St and around the square.  Today we chose to eat lunch from Myles right around the time the Farmers market was closing up for the day.  We made the really, super, ignorant decision to eat right next to Myles on those stone bench-like sculptures.  There probably is some nice name for them, but I would call them "Get harassed by homeless people square."  I figured it would be ok because there were other families sitting there eating, but apparently we looked like the suckers to harass.    Some super tall black guy sat down right next to the minor with us and starts his speech about how he needs money because he is down on his luck, yada, yada.  My dining companion tells him that we don't carry cash, which is true.  So he says "then by me some food man, I'm hungry."  Oh ok, we'll do that right away sir, just cuz you said so.  We were wondering what do with our hard earned money that we WORKED for.    We packed up our lunch, and immediately walked away, with mister "I'm a professional panhandler" guy yelling after us "OH I SEE HOW IT IS!!!"  I guess we were lucky it didn't get any worse than that.    We ended up eating our pasties on a picnic table by the court house.  I had a veggie wedgie, and it was pretty ok minus the massive amounts of red sauce drowning it.  My dining companion had the usual beef pasty.  He said it was ok, but it seemed like the recipe had changed.  The minor had a cheesy pizza that was also swimming in red sauce.  Blech.    I won't be in a hurry to go back to this place any time soon unless I want a pasty full of red sauce and some harassment from the local, permanent, panhandlers who clearly think everyone else owes them money and food.    Boo hiss.
Honestly I have no idea how this place is still in business. Everything about it is just tiny and nondescript, despite the premium location at the intersection where State Street and Capitol Square meet. That, and I personally never think to myself: "You know what I feel like eating? A softball-sized portion of ground beef and onion stuffed inside a hot pocket."  So as strange as that sounds, and despite the fact that it just sits under a heat lamp all day, the Teddywedgers pasty have never given me even the slightest stomachache. I realize that's setting the bar pretty low. But the thing is that there's very little that's visually appealing about Myles Teddywedgers, and yet they still manage to serve up a decent, affordable, filling meal in meaty calzone-style pocket form.
It was fine. Not the best, not the worst.
Why do I love it? I don't know. Who came up with the idea that stuffing some pizza dough with unspiced tomatoes and mozzarella? Some dude with no style. And yet....  And yet I crave it sometimes, the same way I crave another opportunity to watch Beetlejuice or lie in bed while snow is falling outside. It's freeaking cozy.   Eat here. Not for the adventure, but because you are having a day where you feel kind of like a bone-crunching baller, an on-the-road jerky-and-cheese trucker, a flannel-wearing logger, a video-game-playing shulb, or Kevin Smith.   I swear, Kevin Smith is their target audience.
I was attending Teddywedgers Anonymous meetings regularly, but I've fallen off the wagon, and I couldn't be happier.  I miss Myles, but his legacy tastes so good.  I'm proud to be raising a second generation addict.  My personal weakness is the breakfast pasty, B2.
Good grief I love this place.  This is one of the reasons I wish I lived in Madison.  It is also one of the reasons I'd weigh a hundred more pounds if I actually did.  So warm, so cheesy, so tasty, so meaty, so wonderfully not good for you that it should be a requirement to have one at least once a week to maintain your sanity.  Aside from the food, the shop itself isn't much to look at.  A tiny place at the intersection of a dead-end and State street doesn't exactly allow for much else other than takeout, but who cares when you're getting food this good.  Back to the food.  Meat.  Potatoes.  Cheese.  Sauce.  Veggies.  Crust.  All of these are the reasons I bring a cooler with me when I go to Madison, because I NEED to bring a couple dozen back with me.
I have no idea what you call the stuff that Teddywedgers sells. Pies? Pizzas? Calzones? Burrito? Not sure, but the concept is probably closer to a miniture calzone with different types of filling.  Whatever these things are, they are pretty good, sizable, filling, and cheap (~$5). There's no seating here as it is a grab and go sort of place, but don't overlook this interesting little shop when you pass by.
"A whole meal pie!" That's how the owner describes the pastries stuffed with tons of delicious goodness, and I'm inclined to agree. I had the #3 which included sausage, mozzarella, and tomato sauce, and boy was it delicious! Perfect for people who value a quick and hearty bite that won't break the budget (e.g. college students and busy young professionals on the Square).
Perfect lunch food.
They have a great Cornish pasty for only $4. It's a very good size and is a meal in itself.  It's not a U.P. style pasty with rutabaga and such but has  ground beef, potato, and onion.  They also carry do breakfast pies, cheesy pasties but for me it's the ground beef. There's no seating however so plan accordingly. Closed Sundays too.
I've tried the chicken (good and comforting), salmon (comfort but not for me), barbeque chicken (not balanced for me), beef and onion (dry and flavorless), super cheesy + beef (lacks flavor), super cheesy + special (too salty due to pepperoni), AND supercheesy + italian sausage (AMAZING!).  The supercheesy has fresh tomato sauce, plenty of cheese, and a crunchy doughy crust.
I look on Yelp for unique places in Madison to eat.  Did not really find anything that different form Chicago.  However, walking around on State Street, right near the Capitol, I found Myles Teddywedger!  What a treat.  They now carry only half sizes, and for $3.50-$4.00, you get a lot for your money.  A slice of pizza at Ian's is around the same.  The ingredients are fresh and the dough is awesome.  If anyone knows of a place like this near Chicago, let me know.
For over 30 years I've been walking by this place and never tried it. Last night I decided to pick up a pasty for breakfast. Their website claims they open at 7AM on Fridays. I show up at 7:05 and the store is closed. Hours on yelp disagree with the website and claim they open at 7:30. I go to the office and head back at 7:40, still closed.  I guess I'll continue to walk by this place in the future.
Divey pub with a decent atmosphere.  A little too smokey for my taste and the beer selection on tap is nothing to brag about.  The crowd was a combination of skater types and preppy types.  It was interesting but not that exciting.
huh. i would definitely not call this a "scottsdale" type bar with that kind of crowd at all. i don't come often, but whenever i've gone it's been just good ol' beer drinking folk and/or the heavily tattooed crowd, and not skinny emo hipster tattooed... like  good meat and potatoes food, like bangers and mash, and englsih beers on tap like bass and such. service isn't spectacular. come to think of it, this bar is just so-so. i think i want to love it, cause it's a cool little pub, but it's just ok. yeah, you're better off going around the corner to papago.
It's been 5 years, I guess I should update my BOP review!  Nice range of english & irish beers on tap. They usually have some kind of shot special going on when I'm there. The drinks are a tad pricy for the location, but I go anyway. I think they have PBR cans on special everyday though, not sure.   Food is pretty great, I like the hot dogs, the fish & chips, and their mac & cheese is really good. For something different and yummy, try the celtic nachos. However I cannot recommend the deep fried pickles, I thought, pickles? deep fried? How could I go wrong? Oh, it was wrong.   Since the non-smoking laws passed, obviously there are no more issues with the bar being super smoky. however they still have, in the ceiling, what I THINK is a smoke-eater machine? And it scares the LIFE out of me because it makes this crackling-snapping noise really loudly about every 10 minutes or so. It has to be fairly quiet in the bar to hear it. I seriously almost hit the floor the first time I heard it.   The place definitely attracts the hipsters, but there's also an older crowd of locals and trivia brings in a mixed crowd. Staff is friendly and prompt.
I enjoy "the BOP" as my friend calls it on the same level that I enjoy pizza.  It's good, but it's not my desert island bar.  I go here to meet up with friends.  I've never been there on my own because let's face it.  I'm not likely to be caught dead trolling Scottsdale (even non-Scottsdale Scottsdale) by my lonesome.  The atmosphere is cozy and inviting.  Which kinda turns me off. I like my bars a bit seedier.  But if that's your thing then I'm cool with it.  I hear the food is pretty good for English fare, but hey who wants to waste time eating when you could be drinking?
I love BOP... Mostly for the food. I love eating here - it's slightly better than bar food and totally delicious... I've only felt ill after eating here a few times, but I can't necessarily blame the food for sure. I eat here regularly. Easily the best pub food around.  They took out one of the pool tables and gave it a recent coat of paint. It looks nice in there, but it won't really impress your friends. The bench seat cushions are blown out and some things about this place are starting to show signs of age.   There are always a lot of regulars there, but they won't bite. They are always friendly and like to strike up random conversations with strangers - the staff is super nice as well. The crowd there has filled the digital downloading jukebox with good tunes so there's a good selection of inexpensive songs and there's typically something either really good or really odd playing..   There is usually sports (soccer) or news or adult swim on the televisions, but they'll probably put it to whatever you like. It's a really low-key bar. Don't go here if you want to impress someone with your new $200 designer shirt. I think if this place starts getting packed with a shit crowd, it won't be as worth going.  It's not the most british joint in the valley and the drinks aren't super cheap, but it's so inviting when you don't feel like dealing with the cramped space of TT Roadhouse or you want some grub. Plus, they carry Diet 7-up - nobody else really does that. Just don't tell anyone else they have it because that's what I drink when I go there.
Ok, who told me to get their Cottage Pie???(i think that is what is was called)  It was their version of Shepard's Pie.  I am going to be very blunt about this...it was the most disgusting thing I ever put in my mouth.  And I blame it all on that stuff they called gravy.  And there little side salad or cabbage that they had...was I supposed to eat that?    Anyway, why I gave the BOP three stars is not because of their stellar service (which didn't exist) and definitely not for the food that I had there...I gave it three stars because I loved the atmosphere.  I love pubs like this: dark, a little dirty, a cheesy pool table, awesome music...it was a place where I knew I could feel comfortable all the time.  Next time, I may just get a drink....
"He is 175 yards from the hole, I think he will use a 6 iron" WAAAAACCCK...."it's in the hole, it's in the hole!"   Yeah, yeah, golf is not my bag, but pubs and drinking are! Now this Pub was recently remodeled according to my newly found tourer de force friend. Now I say this because he seemed to have a lot of knowledge of the Non-Douche Areas of Scottsdale, and surprisingly there are a lot of nooks and crannies in Scottsdale that lack Douche-ness. So going here with a 4 some, 2 guys and 2 gals, was a good pairing, I can drive the ball, my date can putt, if I get stuck in a sand trap, she just happens to have a "sand wedge" in her back pocket.  The key to this place is going with the right people. It is set up to encourage talking, and not TV watching, or staring at the crowd. So pick your party of players carefully, and bring an extra bag of naked lady tees, you 'll need them. Overall this place is very cool, and chill. Speaking of chill they had 2 girls handing out Miller Lite Chill beer for free. I am not sure this is the Chill crowd, but they had lime green dresses on, low cut, and skimpy, so I am sure they made some chill friends. The best thing about this place is the discreteness, it's located in a somewhat boring plaza, where everything seems to be named simply for what they sell "Sub Shop" "Pizza", or "Korean Restaurant" The outside of The BOP, doesn't do the interior justice. It feels very pub friendly, warm, and cozy. It's a perfect place for a pint  or FOUR and conversation. Also, the remodeling was done in early 90's pub decor with a splash of 70's retro, so don't be afraid it's sold out. Just go check it out and enjoy. When you're done feel free to peruse the shops of Papago Plaza, Checkout "Just Shoes", or "Liquor Store, or even "Haircuts" It will give you something else to Yelp about.
No Yorkshire pudding...NO YORKSHIRE PUDDING?!?!?!  Other than this one serious omission from the menu, the British Open's menu is chock full of great English fare as well as a few tastes from around the world. I've been to B.O. twice now and have had great service and food both times. This last trip I had a nasty head cold so I got a bowl of Green Chile Stew (not something you'd normally expect to find at a British Pub, but I was most glad I did). Well, that green chile did a fantastic job of burning all the crap out of my sinuses and I was able to breath for a good hour afterward (one of many great uses for green chile). We also had the Sausage Rolls which we proceeded to drench with HP Sauce and devour. B.O. also has a great Bread Pudding!  The atmosphere is great, but I did notice one small problem. The place isn't very handicap accessible. There was a woman who came in while we were there who had just had hip-replacement surgery. There was no place she could sit at which she did not have to climb a step and it was obviously very difficult for her. After witnessing this I looked around and realized that there were no tables that would be accessible to someone in a wheelchair.
So, while searching for day drinking spots on Easter ( too many closed! ) we crawled into this pub.  I'd been here a few times before and few years ago, but never again since.  Had a great time day drinking and playing darts!  All the usual pub fare was there: Fried foods and so on..... Decent British beer selection, i.e. Tetley's, Guinness ( Irish, I know ), Smithwyck's ( Irish, I know ) and on... But, I must say what got me was the great jukebox....WOW! Styx, new Radiohead, Muse, Massive Attack, Portishead!!!!! Super impressive.... Go for the beer, stay for the tunes!
Come and meet the letter people!  Come and visit the family!  Words are made of letter people!  ABCD follow me ....  Today meet Mr F!  Fried f'ing pickles, finicky friends!  This place can fill your fix of finger foods, especially if you fantasize about f'ing downing forty of this fabulous fare with their fantastic fancy remoulade fixing!  Sure, other food and fun can be found at this foundation, but freakin A, fried fucking pickles are the fundamental reason for frequenting this fencepost.    Fancy a pint and a footy match?  Fish and fries (fine, chips)?  BOP's got a few of your fantasies covered.    Its your fault if your feet aren't the first in the queue for this friendly pub.  Four stars!
I've been here a few times for beers and to hang out with friends.  I decided to be adventurous this past weekend and try the food.  Big mistake.  I got the nachos, which was nothing more than chips and nacho cheese sauce like you get at a ball game.  Runny cheese at that.  But on the bright side, my friend got the fish and chips, and they were very good.  Although why I thought that there will be good food at a British pub is beyond me...  Service has been hit or miss, and this time it was a big hit.  A waitress that came around often always checking up on us, which was nice since the place was pretty busy.  Plenty of varieties of beer to chose from, mainly your British and Irish varieties, but a few local microbrews thrown in for good measure.  The place has a nice crowd, mostly your somewhat funky types thrown in with a mix of your laid back Scottsdale type.  There are a few TVs in there (only one big one) showing the game and the alternative X-games stuff you find on Fuel TV.  They also have a small pool table crammed in amongst the tables, making it a little tough to play, and a Golden Tee machine.  All and all, great place for beers and hanging out, not the best place for a meal.
I cannot begin to explain the sheer excitement I feel knowing that I have yet to review BOP. I better take a deep breath....   ...in.... out... in ... out... okay, I'm good.   I love this place and it is so unexpected! I went to watch a friends band play next door at Chyro Arts and they invited me to BOP. I agreed thinking I was going to be miserable. But no. Not at all. This place is a freaking gem.   Their food is SO FREAKING GOOD. The mac and cheese... omg... they have a bunch of food for veggies, which rules.   I see from other reviews that they have pub quizzes and I am going to have to hit that up one of these days.   The best part? They are at Scotts/McDowell, conveniently located 2 miles from my house.   Oh, and the other best part, no yuppies.    ONLY COMPLAINT ... the waitresses are a little slow.
First impressions aren't everything. So, I feel entirely justified re-Yelping the British Open after having been here three times. Sometimes you need repeat outings to really get the full "feel" of a place, right?   MY FIRST TIME: The crowd was mixed. You could easily find yourself face-to-face with "creepy old guy" when you first walk in. At least I did. But, he's not "stalker creepy guy" so it's okay. I can deal with that. Apparently it's okay to have a baby in the bar, too. Startin' 'em young, I tell ya.   On the jukebox: The Black Keys, Wilco, Freeze Pop, Sarah McLachlan.  The beer menu offered selections from various countries. Nothing on tap appealed to me, so I went with the Sam Smith's Nut Brown. Very good. I had never had it before. That is probably my beer of choice at the British Open. I'd like to try the Oatmeal Stout, too.   I don't think I'd go out of my way to frequent the B.O. Pub. It's in an obscure and generic retail plaza. That doesn't bother me so much as the "mediocre" vibe I got while sitting at the table. I guess the British Open and myself just didn't "click." That's okay. Not every bar and myself can have that special kind of chemistry. It's an organic thing, I tell ya. It's Pub Kismet.   * * *  SECOND HELPINGS: (summary)  I sat at the bar this time. The service was faster. I perused the menu with my date and our friend. My date and I sampled a couple beers. I had the Whitbread Ale. It was okay. But... alas... COULD IT BE? Yes. It was Love At First Sip when I tried the Heather Ale from Scotland. This ale is aromatic and is made with lavender. Uhm, could you want anything else? I savored every sip and made the declaration that I love this pub for this ale alone -- and that I don't know if I can get this anywhere else.   While at the bar, we got "troubled" to sign a petition to make St. Pat's Day a national holiday. For handing over our hancocks, we got free pins and pens. Nice.   ***  ST. PATRICK'S DAY: (a short story of celebration)  As luck would have (luck of the Irish?), my friend and I touched on the British, Scottish and Irish in an hour's time - not to mention grabbed the last table when we walked in shortly after 5 p.m.   We came to the BritOpen, for I wanted my friend to try the Heather Ale, and I selfishly wanted to be part of a celebration at what could pass as a St. Patrick's Day-friendly establishment. So, we sat among other St. Pat's fans, while we drank one of the best ales either of us has ever had. We got asked if we wanted to order a Killian's, since they were $2 and you'd get a free shot glass with your order. Plus a bag of malts to try. Interesting. After the Heather Ale, my friend ordered a Killian's at the bar, where they weren't handing out the freebies. Bummer. We did manage to track down a couple free shot glass - for what it's worth.   We were about to leave when the Irish music stopped. We turned and saw a "band" of bagpipers and drummers and the like start playing outside the pub, framed in the open doorway. Then they walked through the crowd to stand near the jukebox/TV screen to play some songs. It was incredible! My friend said, "I feel like my homeland is calling." She is, after all, a beautiful Scottish lass.   After their rendition of "Amazing Grace," we made our subtle exit. That's when I knew I had to re-Yelp this place. After all, bagpipes? Heather Ale? Good prices? Close to work and where I live?  Yeah, I will definitely be hanging out here again...and again... and again!  *** BEWARE: Their Sampler Plate is NASTY, with just a pinch of "meh." The pickles who WHOLE, not cut into chips, like the menu implies. The duck is inedible. Ick. The cod bites were the only decent things on the platter. I did enjoy the tarter sauce!
I'm writing an update because I came for Trivia Night last night and had a BLAST!!!!!!!!! Every seat in the house was full, but the service was on spot and the vibe was killer..   I also found that that they have quite a few flavored vodkas, including pomegranate, so I was excited to try something new.  Again, the Mac and Cheese was SO good... I had two bowls. That's right, TWO bowls. What a pig.   I think I will become a Tuesday night regular!
We use to visit this Pub 10 years ago because they had a nice English waitress and excellent fish and chips for the price.  However, we went back a few weeks ago and boy were we disappointed.  The price of the fish and chip dinner went up and they cut the portion in half.  No one assisted us in putting two tables together, we had to do it ourselves.  Two guests wanted a good English hot tea and they didn't brew it in advance, it was just thrown into a small metal tea pot and we had to ask for cream and sugar.  So we've decided there are newer and better places to eat fish and chips, especially up in north Phoenix.
I ordered a Jack & Coke, ...they gave me a glass of flat Coke.  nuff said.
This isn't really a British place, by any reasonable account. Normally such places have a lot of atmosphere & beer offerings are skewed towards things British, but here it is virtually like any other bar. There's a few golf items here and there, and the menu is golf themed, but it's pretty much just an ordinary bar.  Guiness, Bass, Stella Artois, Hoegaarden, Weihenstephan, Newcastle, Smithwicks, a cider and others make the lineup of taps. No Fuller's, no Whitbread, not much at all that you would expect to find in a British themed place.  Fried food options basically, and it sets the aroma of the place as well.
Yeah...   Overpriced, greasy, and not really that British.  However, they have AMAZING Bread Pudding.  Simply incredible bread pudding.   A more detailed review...  Beer was way too expensive, service was slow, even for sitting at the bar, the fish fell apart, fries were cold and lumpy ( were not CHIPS), NO FULLERS.  The good? The relish served with the Ploughmans, and the bread pudding was amazing, warm, served with fresh nutmeg, awesome custard.  However, in the end, that's the only reason why this place gets a star.  Avoid this, pay less and get better food in Tempe, at Rula.
I had a really really great time here. We were seeing a show a couple stores down at Chyro Arts. All of us went in there and got beer and snacks. The sweet potato fries were excellent. I had them mix BBQ sauce and ranch together. it was a hit. All my friends loved it. Great bar food, great staff, and GREAT music was playing. No complaints!
Ahhhh yes. The British Open Pub or the BOP as I lovingly call it. This is a frequent lunchtime spot during the work week. Without knowing specifically where it was, you might drive right past it too.   The atmosphere is my favorite part of the BOP. It's usually a very relaxing place to be at lunch. I have never been there any other time, so I'm not sure if this always holds true. However, despite it typically being quiet at lunch, the service is usually pretty slow. I typically have to plan on a longer lunch than normal.  The beer selection is pretty good. I can always count on being able to have a Boddington's or a black velvet. As far as the food goes, it's pretty good, but not overly British and a little on the greasy side.   I've noticed a few spelling errors on their menus from time to time too, which always annoys me.  Overall the food isn't the best and the service is slow but it's still an okay place to visit.
Finding good bar food is like searching for the Holy Grail.  Sure it might be fun and adventurous at times, but too much adventure will probably leave you dead.  In a world of extra greasy food, good bar food usually falls under that category, when it really doesn't have to.  Grease is not a condiment, it never has been.  The more grease, the more you will feel is the next morning, while also nursing a wicked hang over.  In my never ending search and self destructive search for good bar food, I have stumbled upon the British Open in Scottsdale, Arizona.    The bar itself is a mix of old English Pub, and golfer paradise.  Being that is called the British Open, one of the four golf major championships, I found that it completely fit the bill.  There is a nice size bar, that one can belly up to for a libation or meal, as well as a seating area that is a mix of half booths, and elevated bar tables.  The pool table that is basically in the center is more a waste of space than a commodity to drunken patrons.  To get in the spirit, I choose my next words carefully...Me mate and I found seats at the bar, while our bartender attentively welcomed up.  She asked if we wanted to drink, but being that I wanted to review the food, and not how much I can consume on a Saturday afternoon, I stuck to a Coke.  Actually I asked for a Dr. Pepper, but not too many bars carry that on the bar guns.  The menu is your typical bar food, with a mix of British delicacies (a term I use lightly.)  Wings, burgers, onion rings jumped out at me as I looked over the menu.  Being that I haven't had a good burger in a while, my choice was clear.  Started with an order of hot wings, and then the burger: Medium rare, with bacon...no cheese.   The wings came out first.  The sauce was very basic and could even be called a little watery.  However, the flavor was not too hot, and had the right amount of pepper.  The wings were deep fried too, with no breading or batter.  We ate them with some joy, as we talked and watched football on one of the many TVs throughout.  The burgers came out soon after, with little wait.  Size wise the plate was just what you needed if you were going to have a beer with your meal.  No so big that you don't want to drink afterwards, but big enough to fill you up.  Cooked to a perfect medium rare, I enjoyed the burger enormously.    The side of fries was also cooked to a perfect golden brown.  And as the bartender kept our drinks full, and checked on us just enough, I can say that I was having a pleasant eating experience.  I do see myself going back to the British Open.  The food was great, with the exception of the wings (it could be a west coast thing) and the food was reasonably priced.  Also, I saw that they have karaoke on Wednesday, and I do like to sing.  Maybe when I come back I will get some beer, do a shot or nine and enjoy a new favorite place to eat, drink and be merry.
A lil disappointed with the place. Love the decor but the place was dead, faint music and everyone just seemed out of it and zoned out, some zombie type movie, ya know?  The beer was definitely overpriced, as was their shots. Kinda wish I would have stuck around at Papago Brewery, and not migrated over to this spot.   The staff of girls working were really cool and pretty upbeat but it could have been my $60 bill i racked up in a matter of an hour/hour and a half tops.   Again nice staff but poor prices- not sure I'll be back, at least not for the drinks- I still wanna try their food tho.
This is a quaint little pub with great atmosphere. The beer selection is standard and the food pub-like but I recommend the sweet potato fries. The last time I was there the table next to us was freaking out over the fried pickles so we got an order of our own and they were all right. Definitely a good hangout place!
Finally got down here to meet up with my girl and some of her pals (they come here all the time)... The drinks seemed reasonable. I didn't eat myself, but I saw a wide range of food at our table: salads, shepherds pie, pretzels and dip. Everything looked pretty good. They also have a couple pool tables, a jukebox, a long bar, and plenty of tables.   Overall a nice, dark, dive bar with good grub.
I will honestly keep coming back here as long as the same owner remains.  He is the nicest person ever! Every time I've been there he's been around and he is just swell!  Very friendly, great recommendations (on or off the menu) and truly genuine.    The food is tasty.  Last time I had the macaroni & cheese.  It was simple and f*&%#@$ cheeeeeeeeeeesyyyyyyy.  Heard the wine burger is just divine!!!
1. Beers on tap are European and good: Newcastle, Carlsberg, Guinness etc. 2. Above average to really tasty bar food. 3. A nice quiet place to hang out and talk. 4. Downside, not a good place to watch sports, small poorly positioned televisions.
A group of friends and I tried it out (was my second time eating here) last week and we ALL got sick. We all had different things, and the food was greasy and gross. I do not recommend this place and I won't be back.
If you are going out for beer than Papago Brewing in the same strip mall is a much better choice. But if you are looking for a true bar with liquor and beer than the British Open certainly qualifies.  Not a huge fan of the food with the exception of the fried pickles. Typical greasy pub fare. Darts and pool tables and a good juke box. Service is usually pretty good every time I've been in there.  Very dark and very much a neighborhood bar.
Only a little bit divey, this place has really good food! I have to admit, I've been known to walk over from Papago just to get some dinner.  So far, it seems I stick to the starter menu. Some of my favorites are the nachos ($6.95) which leads me to think the English Beer Cheese dip must be worth ordering -- note to self for next time! The mac n cheese ($3.95) is awesome and a bargain!   There's a ton of delicious sounding items on the rest of the menu -- maybe someday I'll get past the starters and have a green chile burger or test the fish and chips. Heck, typing this I'm thinking of how much I dig this place and wondering why I don't go more often...  maybe working my way through the menu as a service to my fellow Yelpers could be a good excuse.  :)
Yeah so I love pubs, especially ones of the British flavor, and we tried this out tonight and it was a pretty good fit for what were looking for...  Prices were reasonable, and as was the service.  I was extra stoked for River Monsters on the T.V. Quiet Riot, Radio Head, the Scorpions, and Motorhead all within a 30 minute period.  Newcastle on tap, and $2 PBR Pints means this place gets extra thumbs up from me.  Fish and Chips, Deep Fried Pickles all great English food, the whole menu looked and smelled good.  Proper Bar sized pool table looked like it was in good condition and seen some use...another good sign.  I do have two chief complaints though (otherwise this place may get five stars)....  They don't play, and didn't even know about the English Premiership league, and as such aired no football (soccer) games....How can you run an English pub without this...I don't know.....   No taxidermy animal carcass gracing the walls.....again a classic touch that would have gone a long way in my book.  We went on a Thursday and it was pretty busy I'm sure this place get's hopping on the weekend....  A little bit hard to find and a bit of a hole in the wall, this place is for sure going on our regular list.
Love it! No BS here! Just fun stuff, good music and good company! MOST soccer (futbol) games can be played on the TVs, just ask your bartender! All new TVs BIGGER and Hi-Def.. Good beer selection!. Specials Daily. Happy Hour (3pm-7pm) and REVERSE happy hour (10pm-2am) Sunday-Thursday, Game requests can OFTEN be met.. We DO have Guinness, Boddingtons and PLENTY more! Literally, Its a laid back place, and for the most part, ASK and ye' shall receive.
We celebrated English New Year's at 5:00 PM at the BOP on Scottsdale Rd. The pub was welcoming, although the waitstaff seemed intimidated, not sure why we were pretty tame. The manager distributed hats and noisemakers had an offical count down to (English Midnight). It was nice to be home by 7:00 PM. The food is typical English food, heavy and greasy. The cheese dip is awful, velveta and soggy pitas,  but sandwiches were good. Nachos really? in England they don't serve nachos.
Love this place just for the environment and service.  They staff are really friendly and accommodating.  Food isn't great but they do keep the kitchen open till 2 am which is fabulous when you are sitting around drinking.
I'm a big fan of this place after one of my buddies recommended it years ago. It's a little out of the way for me, but I usually find my way there at least once every two months for a Friday lunch.  Great atmosphere - a real nice pub, complete with jukebox, dartboard and a lot of really good beers to pick from.  All the burgers here are good, but my favorite is the Mulligan burger with American cheese. The ground beef is fresh and they will cook your burger to order based on your own personal preference.  The club sandwich or BLT are also good choices here if you like either of them.  This place may have one of the best appetizers I have ever had - the English beer cheese dip. It's essentially a spicy dipping sauce made with beer, cheddar cheese and red chili peppers served with freshly made pub chips.  They also now serve gigantic German-style pretzels with dipping cheese, as well. Not the healthiest choice - but who ever said pub food was good for you.  Check this place out for something different than the usual neighborhood bar, but be warned - when the World Cup is being televised, this place draws big crowds and is understandably busy.
Keep your expectations low and you can't go wrong with this pub. Don't be put off by the slightly greasy menu with a few items crossed out with sharpie. There are plenty of delicious bar food dishes to choose from. Ignore the fact that the server is wearing an over-sized tank top and her hair looks a bit dirty. She is extremely friendly and will take good care of you. There is live music, and sure, he might be drunk, but he will have you singing along to his version of Tom Petty in no time. And if that isn't enough entertainment for you, they have darts, plenty of TVs, and a pool table, plus, just people watching can keep you laughing and ordering another round for hours.
Fish and Chips anyone? Had that and the quesadilla last night, both were delicious, but i'll admit I feel a little sluggish today. Place was clean, well kept, nice waitress. We went on a quiz or trivia night, so the mood was pretty mello. Tap beers seemed pretty standard for a pub. I will definitely go back for a nightcap as it is an easy walk from my house.
Stopped by for a quick light dinner. Went with a sampler appetizer to get a little taste of everything. Fried pickles (English call it a wally?) Was different but good. Also tried the pasties and it was good. My son loved them! Then he started throwing attitude for no reason so I took him so didn't get to try too much. Will have to come back and try more.  Oh, I believe the owner was sitting at the bar and came by with a slice of watermelon for my son after we ordered. That was cool. :)  Side note: owner reached out through my Yelp check-in via Twitter asking how my experience was. Knowing they care makes me automatically like the place that much more!
I really do enjoy my time every time I come here. This establishment reminds me of being back east, with its ambiance and vibe. I came here last week for my birthday and with good drinks, good food, and good company, I had a blast!! We had the crab dip, fish n chips, and bangers and mash. All of the food was quite delicious! What I like most about the open in the crowd. Yes, it is in Scottsdale, but it's not Scottsdale. The people who come here are down to earth, and not the uppity uptight pretentious people of Scottsdale, which I love. When you're here, you're family and everyone is willing to talk to everyone. And even the waitstaff is friendly and attentive. I wish I could frequent this place more often but I live rather far away. I will never have a problem if a friend suggests coming here for a night of drinking!!
What can I say, I like this place! A great selection of Import Beers, well made British food & a very authentic English Pub atmosphere. Have a Boddingtons on Tap, sample a cheese & onion pasty, soak in the atmosphere & say hello to the owner Greg. A really friendly bloke!  British Open Pub is in the Same Strip Mall as Papago Brewing & well worth visiting while bar hopping in Tempe or South Scottsdale. Cheers!
Pipp Pipp Cheery-o ! It's a British Pub in Scottsdale! No, it's not RUBBISH! It's True!  We went to this little gem and it really did reminded me of a pub in London, very cool.   They had a great selection of beer, but they also have and amazing selection of vodka! All the Three Olives, except Mango, but who drinks that! STOLI galore and much much more!   The place has a really laid back feel - I think it would be an amazing Happy Hour location! I didn't get to sample the food - but I saw some sliders go by that looked to die for!   Definitely a place to check out!
Stopped in to the British Open again last night for a bit of food & a few beers.  Cheese & Onion Pasties & Toad in the Hole paired with Boddington's & Modus Hoperandi.  Great Pairings!  As usual a comfortable atmosphere, good service & always a good time!
i thought I'd found the perfect after-work watering hole. It combines my favorite aspects of a neighborhood pub - pool table, juke box, great beers on tap, fairly authentic Brit-pub ambiance, and a pretty good food menu. The waitstaff is nice, and it has a Cheers-like local atmosphere. The TVs with various sporting events is a great touch, too. I live in S. Scottsdale, and would much rather hang out at a place like this than say, TT Roadhouse (too cramped), Pattie's (too frat boy having his first beer-ish), Coach House (too full of it's own divey self), or a few others around here. I was thinking "4 stars".  Then I get home and notice they bait-and-switched me on a food item - Bread Pudding (very good, yes), it was $3.95 on the menu, and $4.95 on my bill (I'm really not cheap. it's the principle of the thing - charge what's on the damn menu, or change your menu. It's called "false advertising". Should I have made a stink about a buck?  She probably bet I wouldn't notice, which is all the more insulting).   Also, the beers at happy hour were $4.25. Really? You guys can't do better than that? I know of a dozen places that do $3 pints and even less than that at the old HH. I mean, your place is chill, clean, service is good, but...come on. Oh, it's...Scottsdale. Duh.   I'll come back someday, but I'm not in a hurry to.
This place has the best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had.  Added tomato, mushroom, and lettuce for the win.  When next I go, I will definitely pay the extra $2 again for the home-cut fries or whatever they're called.  Vegetarian offerings are few--part of the 4 stars--but if you are looking for a decent selection of beer on tap and some delicious, semi-greasy pub food, this place is great.  I went there with two friends who had the fish and chips, which are apparently awesome.  At lunchtime it's pretty quiet, dark, and cool, so it offers a great escape from the hot, summer street.  Our waitress was very attentive and kind.
Came in today after work and friendly Matt the bartender was spot-on, which had me re-thinking this place. Yes, they are pricey, but damn it all if their pub atmosphere isn't just about perfect. I've tried their grilled cheese sandwich and bread pudding which were remarkable, and they have great beers on tap, so I know I will probably make this place a more regular stop, as it is directly on my way home from work, and I can forgive the initial oversight in my first review.  A great place to chill from the summer heat!
I also come here on Tuesday nights for their weekly trivia night! Best time to come and put your brain to work. The place is usually pretty popular for trivia nights but they do take reservations so you can save a space for you and your large group and not have to fight for spots each week or show up super early to save a seat.   They run happy hour specials during this time to so you won't be breaking the bank if you don't win the trivia prize. They have plenty of good beers to choose from and the food is alright. Not amazing food but it's your typical bar/pub food. Because its so busy on these nights the service can be a bit slow but you have the trivia questions to distract you and plus the staff is so friendly you can't blame them.
Fish & Chips are very good but I did not care for the mac & cheese or the artichoke soup.  The mac & cheese reminded me of cheese sauce and the soup had waaay to much lemon.  The bar & seating areas are very clean, staff friendly but not bothersome and beer is cold- what's not to like about that?
How is it that I live so close to this place and never knew it was here?! Tucked around back of Papago Plaza sits this English Pub, which was our first stop on a bike crawl last night. This place has happy hour specials daily, and lots of seating at the bar. We rolled in with a big group and they were pretty quick to get everyone served with drinks and even had pitchers of water out to help yourself. I think my budlight was $1.75 on draft and my husbands 8.25% craft beer was $5.  Next time I'll have to try the fish and chips!
our first stop on a bike pub ride. i've been here before and it feels like a bar. it's not crowded, there is not pulsating music playing. there is a pool table and lots of oak. it's a place for sitting at the bar, watching sports, and drinking. apparently they serve food, but we just stopped in for a drink. the fish and chips some other patrons were having looked pretty darn tasty though!  it's tucked away at Papago Plaza, not far from Papago brewery and right next to the cryo arts suite. they were more than willing to accommodate a large group of cyclists and even had water pitchers waiting on us. i did have a craft beer at over 8% alcohol and it was deeeeeelicious!
Had a great time on Friday night.  As my friend and I walked in she said it feels like a great place.  It had a warm and friendly atmosphere.  I don't remember the name of our waitress but she was great. We ordered beer first and I asked the waitress to surprise me with one she likes. That started off the fun.  She chose a very good one first, and an equally good one for the second and last.  My friend and I both had the fish and chips because we thought that would be a good choice for a British pub.  The dinners were very good.  The fish was battered just right, the. Ole slaw was perfect, and the french fries were not overdone. So the first time there was better than I expected and we will come back again and again.
Tl;dr-This place rocks! I come to this bar time and again because of the awesome atmosphere, great service, and delicious menu.  I hear bands like The Knife & The Xx playing here often. The happy hour prices are always reasonable and the drinks never disappoint.  There's Wednesday night Trivia!  The food is on par with restaurant quality & the menu exceeds "bar food" expectations. The pretzel w/soft cheese is [housemade]amazingness. The service is truly great, I feel as comfortable as a regular there.  Awesome place!!
I decided on this place as I was looking for a place to try Trivia . And found many more reasons why I had a good time. The place has great energy, very good food, great service ( even though its slow, the trivia distracts you) . The size of the helpings is generous and the prices are reasonable.  I especially recommend the bread pudding. Will have to be back to redeem the slightly poor performance in the Trivia! ;)
You can always count on the British Open Pub as a great place to watch a sports game--you'll always have a TV available.  Maybe it's because it's sandwiched in the Papago Plaza is not always the most happenin' place.  But that doesn't mean you shouldn't give this spot a try. It's golf-themed, which is refreshing in a sea of Irish- and football-themed bars, and it has a large menu of both food and drinks. There are also daily specials in the kitchen.  For my meal, I got a house salad ($5.95) and macaroni and cheese ($3.95), which tasted just fine-nothing phenomenal, but they were pretty good as bar food.  My pal got the English Style Fish and Chips ($10.95), which came with peas-something I'm not used to seeing on many plates these days (thank gosh, because I hate them), but I guess they made the meal more authentically British.  And even though the bar wasn't crowded, the people who were there seemed to be really into watching the game that was on. It's also a family-friendly place, so there were a couple of families in addition to the 20-somethings-which included a big group who brought balloon noisemakers. The spot was proof that your experience is what you make of it, and thankfully for us, it was spirited but not uncomfortably cramped like some of the other places we visited.
I'm still a big fan of the mac n cheese. Quite possibly the best in the Valley! Cheesy enough that you may have to twirl your fork when you grab a bite of the tangy, creamy goodness!   I like the batter on the fish and chips but found the fish to on the tough side -- not my favorite.
Haven't eaten here in a while, I'm usually in for drinks. Had the fish n chips. Not NEARLY as good as they were some years ago. I know they changed recipes. The fries were mushy in a bad way, and the fish pieces (2) needed to be bigger. The fish batter was thin and light, but these weren't even close to authentic British fish n chips. The chips had an "old oil" taste. Some people like that, and it's OK when the oil tastes a certain way to make the chips taste a certain way. Served with choice of peas or slaw, and tartar and ketchup. Worth 8 bucks, but not near 11. I REALLY want to see an authentic British recipe here so the place will be the talk of the town.   *************************************** The beer on tap is SUPER COLD!!!  ***************************************  ADDENDUM OCTOBER 2012: A friend bought me some sausage rolls.  They came out with 2 small containers of hot mustard, which I love. It's not Coleman's but close enough. The rolls contained nice large sausage, but the pastry outer needed to be MUCH thicker to be in proper proportion. Delicious sausage, but more pastry thickness would make them the best in the valley. And not only thick, but fluffy, not dense and dough-ey. Believe it or not, my favorite sausage rolls were the multi-frozen ones from Tesco!!  May 2013: THEY ARE NOT SAUSAGE ROLLS ANYMORE BUT 4 OR 5 SLICES OF ONE. THIS MADE ME SO GODDAMN MAD!!! But since I'm a bit of a regular I'm saying my peace here after not getting much of a response from the staff in person. 7 or 8 bucks for a few mouthfuls??!! WWWWWWWW TTTTTTTTTTTT FFFFFFFFFFFF  You're downgraded to 2 stars.  F U
This was my first pub experience in Scottsdale. A local Geocaching group had their monthly meeting here, and being 2 days into moving from NYC to Scottsdale, I looked to meet like minded folks.  They all extolled the virtues of the pub fare at the British Open, so I took em up on it and ordered an AWESOME french dip. Wow, it was delicious. The au jus was amazing. I chatted up the folks to my left and right and found that one of them was a cook at another local restaurant and said that I had to come back and try their other menu items. That is high honors, in my book so I did indeed come back here a few more times.  Each time tried another hot sandwich offering.  The price, is definitely right. The only thing preventing me from giving British Open 5 stars is the service.  Its spotty at best. I don't feel that I ever had 4 or 5 star service here, the servers and bartenders need to be more attentive and NOT hang out towards the back of the bar (which is the service area).  If this place remedies this behaviour, then I may change my rating, however we shall soon see....
Pretty cool place.  A little hole in the wall bar.  Had a fun time with friends but we had to move tables because they were about to start trivia night.  Man those guys take that seriously.  It was packed with trivia people!!!
Quirky place with great food and some friendly and talented mixologists behind the bar. I'm generally more a craft beer guy, and the selection has dramatically improved over the years. I was told it was the best fish and chips in the valley when I moved here, and I can't disagree. Hopping some night, fairly quiet on others.. always a fun stop. My only complaint is that lack of space makes the pool table more a decorative item than anything.
We eat a lot of pub grub and I was really happy with the meal we had at British Open. Visiting from out of town, we were starving and in need of sustenance (and maybe we were having a little culture shock as well). Yelp to the rescue! We stopped in here, and were really glad we did.  The server we had was really friendly and helpful, explained the menu and what she thought was really good, what was popular, etc. We opted for the fish and chips, and also for the hot and spicy beer cheese dip. Mostly we just needed a little pick me up before going to dinner with the folks. Well, we really wound up eating two dinners, because the portions were very very generous here!   The fish was tender and perfectly cooked, battered to perfection. The chips were hand cut from real potatoes and perfectly done. The cheesy dip was really good. Carby, starchy, yummy, this was hangover food, or "I just walked around a horse show in the sun for 4 hours" food, and it set us right up.   I was really charmed by the atmosphere. We liked it so well we sent our friends there for lunch the next day, and THEY liked it so well they went back for dinner.  Two thumbs up, five stars, we will come back here again when we're in town. It is a go-to kind of place.
I really dig this place. I came in here had the fish & chips which were great. I also got a Stella on tap which was ice cold. The service was amazing, probably some of the best I've ever had.
Have been here many times, but this is my first review. Surprisingly, this review was based on a work lunch I had here a week ago instead of the dozen previous visits I've had. Went on a Thursday at about 2pm and the bartender (Lyndsey) was great. Let us know what was good on the menu and was very attentive. The food was good and timely, and we were well taken care of. The regulars were hanging out and they were funny and added character. Harp on tap always sucks me in. Overall, it was a very enjoyable time, mostly because of the bartender Lyndsey. Mostly because she actually schooled my ex-bartender friend on drinks and their ingredients. I will go back again, no doubt. As a matter of fact, I am going there tomorrow night for a friends birthday party. I'll update this post appropriately after that time. My only reason for not giving this place 5 stars, is their lack of a smoking area/patio. I get that they're in a strip mall and that isn't an option, but as a cigar smoker, it would be nice to relax on a patio and smoke a stogie instead of stepping outs front to sneak a cig for 5 minutes.
BOP is a Monday night tradition for me. Great atmosphere. Amazing service (especially from Wendy). And the rotating menu makes me excited to come back. I always feel welcomed by whoever is behind the bar. And, the bar isn't littered with college hipsters or sports fanatics, despite it's vicinity to ASU. Sometimes I feel like BOP is Tempe's best kept secret.
I was in town for a wedding and came here for lunch.  I ordered the fish and chips and they came out super hot and super fast.  Really good batter on the fish, like they do in Scotland and the fries were awesome.  Best of all, the bartenders/cooks Mike and Jimmy were awesome and a lot of fun to talk to and very knowledgable on their beers.  Best fish & chips I've had in America. So good.
Cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeese!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Get the English Sausage Rolls and side of cheese! Too die for!   I'm hesitant to give it 5 stars for fear that word will get out about the gem of a dive bar. I've never been disappointed by any of the food or drinks we've gotten there. We go regularly for happy hour or late night hangouts. The bartenders are always friendly and they work hard to earn those tips for sure. It's never very crowded and the regulars are a hoot.
My wife and i came in for lunch on a Friday afternoon. There were six people in the bar. The service was very slow. It took over 15 min to get a beer  I had the fish and chips. The fish came out very soggy and chips were soggy as well.    My wife had the cottage pie. This came very dry as well. There was no gravy at all  Overall i dont think we will be back here any time soo
The concept of a golf themed English pub in the desert is so foreign to me that I just had to come here. I had a Boddington and the jalapeno cheeseburger (cooked traditionally English style). The burger was nothing special. Wouldn't have it again, but would have the onion rings. Holy crappers Batman, are they huge.   I kinda liked the style the place is set up, and even I am not aspiring to become a regular I will come back here when I need a place to have a beer and a conversation.. and possible some ginormous onion rings. The service is nice enough and the place seem clean. When I was here the clientele make up was of the standard regulars, a Led Zepplin listening couple to my right, and a girls-night-out table with 4 girls further in. The atmosphere was nice.   Come try this place.
Loved this place!   I ordered the fish and chips and they live up to the "raves" on Yelp!  The batter was not at all over powering and gave just the right bit of crunch.  Loved the hand cut fries as well...doused in some yummy malt vinegar and a big helping of some hard cider...I was happy!
A very fun bar to be at.  No complaints.
My lodge has been frequenting British Open for a couple of years now on Thursday nights--anywhere from 4 of us to 15 or 20 of us-- and usually no earlier than 9:30 pm sometimes 10:30 pm -- and what I wanted to say is --the wait staff is always ready for us -- the kitchen is always open even tho its late-- they have a reuben sandwich that is going to be legendary it is so good -- one of our guys always gets the soup -- whatever it is --and its great -- their fish and chips, Wallys,,, and even the full entrees ( at 10pm) are all great --- the crowd is eclectic there are everything from tattoos to neckties -- a professional staff ---and oh,,,a ton of different beers on tap--- 5 star English Pub !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I know my friends like this place.  But to me the service was lazy and veryy slow. Gnats flying all around, and the soda was flat.  The waitress said it wasn't.  No paper towels in the bathroom.
By far my favorite dive in Scottsdale! Morgan and Wendy are the best bartenders in town. If you're in Scottsdale, you've got to try out the BOP!!
Coo Coo's is the best place to get anything! Their coffee in any form is better'n starbux! Their food is awesome I think Ive had close to everything on the menu Cuban Sandwich, subs, Breakfast bagel san. its all so delicious and the help is nice! Even the owner is nice can I say it in how many ways, GO!
I was so excited to find a place to get a coconut italian soda less than a mile from my house. I was blown away when I found out how big the large was and that it was under $3. This place is fantastic. Also check out their menu-- full of smoothies, espresso drinks, and sandwiches. Water Street needed an independent coffee shop like this.
The california is the best sandwich in vegas, turkey, avacado,sprouts, bacon and mayo on a french roll with chips and a cookie!? its a good day when i can have this sandwich.
After picking up some baked goods at Chef Fleming's Bake Shop, I needed something tasty to drink. My husband had mentioned this coffee shop but I had yet to try it so I decided to stop in for a smoothie or an iced coffee...  As I pulled up to COO Coo's, I noticed the window said they sold bubble tea. Bubble tea in Henderson?!?!? I was so excited I almost forgot to turn my car off.   I decided to order a honeydew bubble tea, which was more like a smoothie with boba.  I went with a large which was a HUGE cup for $5, I want to love this place, I want it to be my new go to place for bubble tea but sadly it seems this is not what they do best. The boba was kind of mushy, and for the size of the cup I expected more of them.  I am giving COO Coo's 3 stars because my drink was somewhat disappointing, but I do plan on stopping in again soon to try something else. They open at 6 am on weekdays, making them pretty convenient for a pre-work coffee stop.
Adding a star after my second visit. I found a coupon for $1 off a drink in the Henderson paper, so I decided to give Coo Coo's another try today.   Service with a smile is always nice, but when it's at 6:30 am it's even nicer then normal. I gave the cashier my coupon and asked for a recommendation. I was told that the Funky Monkey Frappe was the specialty so that is what I went with. I got the small (20 oz), after my coupon my total was just over $3. WAY cheaper then Starbucks!  The Funky Monkey Frappe is a blended mocha frappe with a banana added, complete with whipped cream and sprinkles on top. It's like a combination between a smoothie and a frappuccino. I can see why this is the specialty.   I will be back, even if I don't have a coupon.
Decided I needed a caffeinated refreshment to make my drive back to Summerland.   Popped in to Coo Coos and the choices were abundant.   They offer approximately 12 sugar free flavors in addition to the 15-20 sugary ones. Thumbs up for options!   The guy was friendly. I was there a grand total of 2 minutes before I got my sugar free brown sugar cinnamon ice blended latte. Served in a big cup with cinnamon sprinkled on top $4.53.   Really cute place!
Such a fun secluded spot for a cafe!! Hidden little gem!!!! BF had a Italian sub and i had tuna sub on french roll FANTASTIC!!!! and the Bouncing Brit drink was SOOOOO GOOD!!!!! Can't wait to go back!!! Super excited now that we know its there!!!!
I just love this little sandwich shop located next door to a cute used bookstore.  The menu has breakfast and lunch items as well as italian sodas, smoothies and Boco drinks.  I had the California which I had in a wrap that included turkey, avacado, sprouts, bacon and mayo with fruit and a cookie.  It was very, very yummy!  The owner is very nice.  They also deliver locally and you can either call your order in or fax it in to be delivered.
Adorable, quaint little jewel in the center of Water Street District. I'd much rather give this place my business than any corporate coffee company.   The price was right, certainly not more expensive than Starbucks. A regular size flavored latte cost me $4.10, the same would cost me $4.27 at Starbucks. I'm happy with that.   The flavors are endless here, they seem to carry every flavor Torani manufactures. :) My service was polite and to the point.   Maybe it was the regulars eyeing me down when I walked in, or the lack of help I got trying to choose a flavor (you have to try to read the bottles, there isn't a list of flavors here), but I just didn't get the 5 star customer service here. Maybe I will get it the next time I come in, because I'm coming back for sure.
cute little hole in the wall place. pretty decent food for the prices, very friendly staff. a couple of coworkers and i frequented here often and still go on occasion for some italian sodas! they offer delivery, you can call ahead or you can walk right in. sometimes the wait times drag on but thats understandable considering theres hardly any room in there and the staff on hand is very minimum. i would highly recommend this place to someone looking for a quick reasonably priced meal!
Cute place.  I didn't expect it to be as good as it is, but the food is actually better than most other deli/cafe-type places around.
Paul and his staff are amazing! The food is never disappointing. The delivery service to Water St. businesses is so convenient! Coo Coo's is delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is one of those obscure places in Downtown Henderson you wouldn't even knew existed unless you heard otherwise, or drove right past. After having driven past this place for years, I finally decided to go on in and give the place a whirl.  I have to say, I have mixed feelings about the place. I had to try one of their malts, being that I'm a slave to the world of ice cream. The malt itself was to die for, but for a large malt it cost nearly $6! Normally I'd consider this outrageous, but considering it was so good I can't really complain. Anyone who has seen Pulp Fiction and recalls that "Five Dollar Milkshake" argument between John Travolta and Uma Thurman's characters - the products here bring that argument to life - overpriced, but so damn good you can't resist.  In addition to dessert-style treats, there are a variety of more traditional food items. I haven't really had a chance to explore these too in-depth yet, but what little I have tried has been very good.  If I have one major complaint about the place (other than the prices), it's the fact that this is, apparently, a one-man operation. The owner is friendly, but sometimes one person just isn't enough. When I came in last time he was busy making an item for the person that was there ahead of me, and said he would "be right with me." I stood there for FIVE MINUTES, with no one in front of me in line (besides the person he was making the items for) before I got waited on. I'm serious. PLEASE hire at least one more person. It would make a world of difference.  If you're in the neighborhood, stop into this place and be pleasantly surprised, just keep your expectations in check. The consumables available here are to die for.... just be prepared to wait a while and pay a little more than you might at other places.
The name says it all folks - you'd have to be "coo-coo" to eat at this hole in the wall diner. The service was dismal - the ladies behind the counter could barely muster up a smile and a perfunctory greeting between the two of them. The food (breakfast) was just not right. The eggs were rubbery, the bacon definitely NOT applewood-smoked as stated on their website's menu, the croissants were sad & stale, and the butter was actually margarine with a cloying taste. We all agreed that everything just tasted "strange". I love diners, especially mom-and-pop establishments, but there are bound to be hit and misses. This was definitely a miss.
Cheap but food tasted weird. Would not go back.
I eat at coo coos regularly. Great food. Great service. Great local Small business. The california sandwich is the best! The blondie is great too.
Coo Coo's was an unexpected find that came about when I was hungry, short on time as I had a job interview to get to, and I didn't want heavy food. I took a chance on them, and have been pleasantly surprised as I've been back a couple times now. But I've waited to write this review as I'm still not sure what to think about this place.   Service: The man behind the counter is the owner. And at first glance he can come across as...aloof, maybe a little intense. But once you get to talk to him he's not a bad guy. And after ordering if you sit close to the front and listen to him interact with the staff they seem to have a camaraderie in there that many places don't.   Food: It's a cafe so it's really all about the food. And while I like the food, there's just something that's not quite perfect. I ordered a California yesterday: Fresh Avocado, Turkey, Smoked Bacon,Swiss, Sprouts, Tomato & Mayo. I chose the fruit cup and a drink which I'll get to in a second. The fruit was fresh cut, and good. But the sandwich was kinda ho-hum. The ingredients were good, but it just seemed to be missing something. And I felt the same way on my first visit with the food I ordered then. 2 visits, same impression, but I can't quite pin it down to tell everyone more than this.   Drinks: Fountain Drinks are strong and good. But I've fallen for their coffee drinks. They use Illy coffee, so an Iced Mocha here is pretty good, and the price beats the socks off of Starbucks.   Decor: This place is small. 6 tables at best. But along one wall they have games, and other things that would encourage someone outside of rush times to stay and linger a bit.   Overall, I've been unsure of how to rate this place and the more I think about it...the more I just don't know. I honestly want to like it, to do my part to support small business and Water St / downtown Henderson places and yet I just can't write this and tell all of you to go jump on Coo Coo's bandwagon.   Regretfully, 3 Stars. I'm not happy with this review but until I can figure it out, it's the best I can offer. The Black Cow Deli in Denver has a California wrap that seems to taste better, and that's the bar I'm measuring Coo Coo's with or so it seems.
Big Bang  Having just returned several pounds heavier from vacation, I was starved for some breakfast.  My friend and I sifted through Yelp and found this gem.  Actually, we passed it a couple of times before we found it.  I swear if we weren't looking for it, we'd not have known it existed.  I'm very excited to have found this little diner in downtown Hendo, and to support locally owned business.  I ordered a cup of coffee and simple petite platter, consisting of bacon, scrambled eggs, toast and fruit cup.    The coffee, to my surprise, was illy, which is my favorite brand of espresso grounds.  Definitely earned points with me.  My friend commented that it was on the strong side, while I thought it was a little weaker than my preference.  Don't get me wrong, I brew my coffee to be like oil and drink the sludge that comes out with the last pour, so when I say it's weak, take it with a packet of sugar,    The platter was generously sized, with a big smattering of eggs and a shit ton of bacon.  If you know me, the way to my stomach is to clog my arteries with bacon grease.  I swear there were about 6 pieces of bacon on my plate (maybe I looked like I could use a few more pounds).    Good thing, though, because the eggs were not very...tasty.  My mother in law adds milk to her eggs to make them fluffy, but these eggs seemed to have a bit too much.  Ketchup was required to make them more appetizing...hence deducting 2 stars.    The fruit cup was a nice touch, with orange slices, cantaloupe and grapes to offset the bacon fat.  Not necessary, but welcome in my belly.  Throw in the toast and you have a breakfast.    As a whole, this was a filling breakfast and did the job.  Sure, the eggs weren't all they were cracked up to be (sorry, I couldn't help but be punny), but when you consider that this entire meal cost just pennies over $7 per person after tax, you get quite a bang for your buck.
Best Chi in Henderson.  Their coffee is not bad either.  Very good place for lunch.
The perfect lunch spot.  Tiny, local, black and white tile floors, red seated chairs.  But the best part is that the food is fresh, fresh, fresh.  Second, it is always good. Third, you don't have to buy monster sized portions--they will reduce the portion size and the price.  When you get a sandwich you get a small chocolate chip cookie--just the size to sweeten the whole day.  You will always get a smile.  The Senor Pedro salad is fantastic with crisp bacon and the usual taco salad combination.  The turkey sandwich is perfect and there's a huge selection of salads, sandwiches, wraps, breads, beverages.  The breakfast menu looks great as well.  In this world of plastic food, mass produced, this place is a gem.
I love the charm of the businesses on or near Water St.   I had a mad craving for some deli food and I scoured Yelp until I found this gem. I was thrilled when I saw that they delivered! Straight to my house came a friendly delivery girl, who I happily and hungrily greeted. I had an amazing sandwich full of avocado, turkey, and sprouts. I had an amazing iced coffee drink that mixed bananas and chocolate. I want to say it's called the Funky Monkey? My son also had a taste-packed sandwich but I can't recall what I ordered him as I was busy with my own luscious meal. (sorry kid, Mommy DOES love you..almost as much as she loves food)  Since that first delivery experience, I've taken friends for smoothies and ice cream, and they appreciated the fact that there were many smoothie options not including dairy or soy, and with an array of fruit combos.   Definitely my choice when I want a deli feel, with added perks of ice cream, smoothies, and coffee drinks to lust over.   Even better? They dont mind showing up at my doorstep ready to hand over my food, even when I look like a crazed, caffeine deprived maniac.
You gotta love these locally owned cafes.  I sure do, especially when it's in Old Henderson. With a ton of coffee shops that boomed in the last 10 years like Starbucks and Coffee Bean, it's a breath of fresh air to see one of these older cafes still around.  Coo Coo's is definitely one of those hidden gems in the area.    Known for smoothies, coffee, deserts, and sandwiches.  It's actually their boba, that I came in for.  I was in the area and met up with T-Elite for a quick boba fix.  To be honest, I needed to break that "2:30 feeling". I had their Almond Smoothie w/Boba to do exactly that.  This treat was creamy and tasted exactly like almonds.  Imagine the initial taste of an Almond Roca.  Now imagine the taste and feel of boba immediately after that Almond Roca taste.  Well, that's exactly what you get here. Simply delicious!!  There is a wide selection of different sandwiches that you can get here.  Coo Coo's is small and can house a couple of groups inside, but there's also seating outside.  I say take advantage when the weather is good and eat outside.   I'm in this area at least once a month usually for work, the Henderson Police Department, and to visit both Wonder Twins (aka Alicia R and Terri R).  When in the area and if I'm in the mood for boba, I know Coo Coo's will be there to satisfy my cravings.
I've been a customer of Coo Coo's for years--literally.  I started working in Henderson in 1997 (I'm old) and ever since then, Paul and his crew have been serving up good food and great service.  Most of the City employees eat at Coo Coo's or have food delivered, from lattes to Funky Monkeys to bagels and sandwiches.  The restaurant is on the small side, but there's outside seating and I know when it's too busy to eat there.  I usually show up around 11:30am if I'm going to dine-in and order online first so Paul knows we're coming.  He'll reserve a booth for us so we have somewhere to sit.  My regular order is the Ocean Spray sandwich (turkey w/ cranberry dressing) or the Veggie Delight sandwich (alfalfa sprouts, cream cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers).  Coo Coo's also started serving boba drinks a few years back and I get my fix almost every other week.   Coo Coo's is a downtown Henderson institution and I appreciate all the years of food and friendly service Paul and his staff have served up.  We've gotten to know each other over all these years and I'm sure I'm not the only one--it's like Cheers without the alcohol.  Thanks for all you do, Coo Coo's--let's stay together.
Great service but food was like from a camping trip - powdered eggs, microwaved sausage patty, and Eggo waffles - no lie!
Great little place!  Only about five tables, and a couple outside.   The menu is mainly sandwiches, wraps and paninis but breakfasts are offered too, along with a variety of milkshakes, coffees and other blended drinks.   Meal choices generally come with a side of potato salad, macaroni salad, chips or a small cup of fruit.   I ordered the tuna salad panini - delicious! Their recipe includes pickles or some type of relish which really adds a nice tang. The sandwich also comes with cheddar cheese and tomato.   My mum ordered a chicken cordon bleu sandwich which had fresh chicken, thickly sliced ham, Swiss and a light dijonnaise. Also delicious!  I can't speak for the shakes and coffee drinks but I've heard from several people they are divine.    Great little local place in downtown Henderson. I'll definitely be back!
Tried this place for lunch for the first time today. I had the California on a French roll. The food was great. My sandwich had turkey, bacon, fresh avocado, sprouts and mayo. The portions are large. Fast and friendly service. I will be eating here again soon!
My first experience was a pleasure! Very kind staff and area was clean. California to go! And of course a Monkey..it's everything they say.
Very nice to have what seemed like a homemade meal.  Excellent soup.  Enjoyed being able to sit outside and eat lunch.  Definitely not like all the pre made food you get from most restaurants in the Las Vegas area.
Their delivery service is one of the fastest I have seen!!!  Not to mention the delivery girls are all very nice :)  The croissant breakfast sandwich is my favorite so far!   YUM!
We found this hole in the wall spot and we were really excited. This place is tiny inside. You go to the counter, order and they bring the food to your table. They only have basic breakfast food and sandwiches. So if you're looking for burgers and fries, this isn't the place for you. The guy behind the counter was an older gentleman and not particularly friendly.   So we got our food and ate. I will say, for what we got, it wasn't worth the $20 we spent. Rather overpriced in my opinion. The guy kept staring at us, no smile, nothing. Though the food was good, it's nothing I would return to Henderson for. The breakfast sandwich I ate was the same as a Jack n the Box breakfast sandwich. Milkshake was really good but I know we won't be returning.
The food is great but I can not stand the guy who is behind the counter taking orders and money. He never smiles, he has a horrible attitude and treats the employees likes slaves.  I will never return to this place if this man is behind the counter. One day I went in to pick up carry out and the place was packed, there was not a seat available and of course the man with the horrible attitude is there being bashful and not welcoming at all. At this point Ive figured out that he is the owner, if you're the owner with an attitude like that please stay home and let the girls that work there run the place, at least they smile and are friendly, this guy needs an attitude adjustment!!!!!
Coo Coo's is a great small town cafe in the heart of Downtown Henderson.  This a very friendly cafe that has sandwiches, salads, malts and coffee.  They have board games and magazines for you to pass the time with while you are waiting for your meal.  My kids love the bbq chicken sandwich, and they recommend it
Best little breakfast/lunch place in Henderson. We have never been disappointed here. Highly recommend any of the breakfast sandwiches. They are the BEST! Pretty fast delivery too.
One of my favorite places to eat in the valley! A co-worker introduced us to it several years ago and we are there on a weekly basis now! I haven't had a bad meal yet, with my favorites being the Seor Pablo salad (try it as a wrap too), the mesquite chicken and bacon sandwich, and the quesadilla. Everything is always super fresh! Delivery is fast and everyone is very pleasant. We even use them for catering now and people just rave about it!
Love the chili cheese nachos. Always friendly and have never had anything that was not good. The California sandwich is amazing as well. Would recommend anyone to go to Coo Coos.
Downtown Henderson.  I really liked this place. It's next to a bookstore, and what could be better than that. I am fuzzy on remembering the decor, but it's small and quaint. Nice extensive menu with breakfast stuff served all day - always a bonus to me! They had a little bit of outside seating as well, which is perfect in the current season before it gets too hot.  I had a friend who was supposed to meet me, and unfortunately, I had forgotten my phone, and she had forgotten about lunch, so I was hanging around a bit. The owner, who has been termed as crusty or unfriendly, was very sweet to me, he even offered his phone so I could call my friend. Unfortunately, my memory loss kicked in and I couldn't remember her number.   In the end, I ordered the Coo Coo's Super Bird Panini. To be my unusual self, I left off the Dijonnaise and Tomato, and had them add the Cran-Mayo (from the Ocean Spray sandwich) which went extremely well with the Turkey, Swiss, and Bacon (isn't EVERYTHING better with bacon?) and I had the Sourdough bread. For my side, I up charged to get a cup of the chicken noodle soup.   The sandwich was stellar, especially with my Sally-like ordering, juicy turkey, nicely melted cheese, crunchy bacon, and the nice tinge of cranberry with the mayo, yum! The sourdough was properly panini'd and no burn.   :) The chicken soup was especially good, nothing like Campbell's or Costco or anything out of a can. It had excellent flavor and a nice balance of chicken to noodle to veggies, or what-have-you that was in it.   There was a steady stream of customers in and out getting drinks and lunch to go, you can tell they do a lot of local business. Right next to me were some folks from local law enforcement (it's near the Henderson courthouse, after all.)    The staff were very nice to me even though I hung out for a half hour before giving up on my friend and ordering. They didn't give the vibe that they were impatient with me at all. As I said, the owner was really nice; I wouldn't have recognized any of the previous Yelpers description of him.  Back to the food, I saw a Chef Salad delivered to customers outside that looked gorgeous in presentation. It made me want one!  No fries on the menu, as others have stated, and I'm not a huge Mac salad, chips, or potato salad kind of girl, and fruit cups is too healthy for me, but the ability to switch up to a cup of that fabulous soup worked great for me!  I will be back, hopefully with the friend who suggested the location and eats here frequently! She was pretty apologetic about forgetting, but no big deal, I got to really check out the place.
ah yes, i think i finally found my watering hole here in the las vegas.  too bad it's too far, but it has the one of the best beer tap selections in town.  i used to come here a long time ago just for the guiness, the boddingtons, and the john courage.  I learned earlier this year that john courage will not be available on tap anywhere in the U.S., so that was a bummer.  I found a great replacement...kronenberg 1664 from france.  i cant get enough of that beer and tetley's too.  this place has good food, too!  it has all those english pub specialties, even indian curry.  go there on mondays to have all you can eat fish and chips.  the fish is fried fresh...so crispy...so hot...and so yummy with malt vinegar.  they have late nite chicken sandwich and cheeseburger specials.  but the thing to get there at any time....is the chicken wing appetizer...whoa man!!!  fu#$in so delicious, my mouth is watering right now.  i dont know what it is, but it has to be that batter...so tasty,crispy,crunchy, and tangy in the dipping sauce.  we always get our grub on and order hella plates of chicken.  this is a must!!! finally, they have a special down the hatch club card where for every beer you drink you get a stamp.  when you get to 30 beers, you get a free gift.   so i and a couple of other friends are on a mission to get as many free gifts as we can.   with my first card, i got my crown & anchor down the hatch club t-shirt.  right now i'm working on the jersey.  so, check this place out.  its open 24hours
After hearing all the craze about their fabulous chicken wings, I had to come and try it out for myself!  Lucky me, even though I'm not a beer drinker, my Vegas go to man was willing to drag me along so I can indulge in some much needed deep fried crunch!  I can attest that yes, indeed, these chicken wings and drumettes are big ole things.  There's a lot of batter and meat on these babies, but I couldn't say so much for the taste itself.  Because we were dousing it in ranch dressing and hot sauce, of course it tasted fabulous.  But take away all of that, and I wasn't so sure there was so much flavor in the chicken or batter itself.  Bummer.  They do a fine job though giving it to you on the crispy crunchy end, and we like crispy crunchy things!   They do have a pretty extensive beer on tap selection, which is always impressive.  I'm a pear cider kind of girl for now...  They have various specials from late night craving deals to specialties of the day.  And who doesn't love a place that's open 24 hours?  I'm on a mission to find tastier chicken wings that this!  Bring it!  Update! 10/08/07 - I'm 1/3 of the way through my "Down The Hatch!" card!  Yay!  What the heck is that?!  They have this frequent beer drinker card and when you drink 30 of their beers, you get a free gift.  The BF is on card #3 already and is a proud owner of a Crown and Anchor T-shirt and Crown and Anchor soccer shirt.  (I'm hoping for the baby doll tee myself.)  They have some cool bartenders working here and a pool table upstairs as well.  We brought out of town guests and they loved the place!  I think they had live music the past Saturday.  We got there a bit too late and saw them putting their equipment away.  Yay for live music! And there's all you can eat fish and chips on Monday nights and happy hours from 3 pm to 6 pm!  Another cool thing is that they are showing football (soccer) games on the TV, and if you come by really late at night, they'll still have games on!  Sidenote:  They even offer a free shuttle pickup service! Wow!
Fun times to be had at the Crown and Anchor...I just love the beer selection not to mention the great atmosphere.  Anything that stands the test of time in Las Vegas is a feat.  And what more could a girl ask for that 2 women's bathrooms.  They have an Internet jukebox so the music is never dull.  I've never had bad service there and there is always an array of people.  I do adore the food...the ploughman's lunch is my favorite!  Give me wicked cheese and Branston's pickles anytime.  Fries, pasties, sausage roll and even the shrimp is good and the fish and chips EXCEL.  Great conversation seems to flow there.   Cheers!
I love, love, love the Crown and Anchor.  I really don't go there enough for as much as I love it.  I was brought here on a horrible blind date my mom assisted on setting me up with once (thanks mom!  i know you read these!  he took me here and I was underage!  the HORROR!) but I don't let that sully the place.  It's lovely.  The fish and chips are bully.  They are fabulous and greasy and perfect.  In true British form, you can get a bunch of peas OR if you want you can ask for Heinz beans with them.  I bet the rest of the menu is great - my friends eat from it a lot.  (A pastie doesn't just belong on bosoms.)  I'm boring and stick to one thing.  Their beer selection was unparalleled until a while ago, but that doesn't mean that their selection is any less stellar now.  (A full list to follow.)  This is the only place in town to come and watch soccer matches with some actual Brits, Scots and Irishmen.  On Thursdays they have quiz nights with cash prizes.  Darts are always available - real ones, not the wussy plastic ones.  If you see me there and don't like it as much as I do, please don't throw one at me.  Beers:  Bass Ale Blackthorn Smithwick's Boddington's Bud Bud Light Tetley's Coors Light Foster's Wyder's Raspberry Ale Harp John Courage McEwans Import Old Speckled en Newcastle Pilsner Urquell Pyramid Apricot Pyramid Hefe Guinness Wyder's Pear Cyder Roclling Rock Wexford Fat Tire Sierra Nevada Stella Artois Kronnenberg Anchor Steam Abbot Ale Carlsberg
I go to the Crown & Anchor whenever I'm in the mood for some chicken fingers ("Chickens don't have fingers!") and homemade curry sauce in which to dip them. Yum.  The place is dark, which I prefer. They do, indeed, have bangers 'n mash on the menu, as well as a Scotch egg (a hardboiled egg wrapped in lightly spiced sausage) and a steak 'n kidney pie. If you're hankerin' for the fare of the lovely UK, then this is where you should go.   There's only one bit o' beef I got with this place. Due to some sort of ... something ... on their liquor license, you can not order hard likkah at the bar. You have to be seated in the dining area, you have to at least order a plate of fries, and you must have your server bring you said likkah. Kind of a bummer when you've been sitting at the bar with a group of your buddies, and someone has the grand idea of ordering a round of car bombs. Everyone has to get up, go to a table, order some food, wait for the server to bring you your shots ... kind of ruins that whole spur of the moment, "Let's do a shot!" thing.  They do, however, also have sticky toffee pudding.  So, basically, go for the food and the beer, but do your drinking elsewhere.
Another bar in Vegas..?  No big deal. The BEST bar in Vegas... Now that's saying something! I learned of the C&A when I lived in Vegas several years ago and it quickly became my "let's meet here" place.  They've got a huge selection of beer and cyder on tap.  A great menu, darts and patio dining.  The uni's the waitresses wear are pretty hot too!  But the best part (IMHO) is they play ESPN World on the several TVs scattered around.  Rugby, soccer, Aussie rules football... none of that candy ass baseball they play in most "sports bars".  If you go to Vegas, stop in at the C&A, you won't be disappointed
This Las Vegas favorite dive bar will always be a comfy place to plop down for a lunch or a beer. They have what seems like a million beers on tap, and they always have a soccer game playing which means that all British and Europeans that live here, are usually jammed into this place. Sit out on the patio with friends and a drink and your bound to feel like your sitting in London. I hope it stays in Vegas for a long long time.
As a British Ex-pat this is the closest thing i have to being home in Vegas.   The food is good, although they do seem to have issues making a decent custard to go with the sticky toffee pudding (come on how difficult is it to boil a kettle and mix in the custard powder until it's smooooooooth!!!) anyhoo the atmosphere is authentic, right down to the slightly stinky toilets (a staple in any British pub!) and the chalk boards (so you can write humorous japes to your mates!)   The beer is good and plentiful; although they did run out of St George Ale just before St Georges day (that's what i call bad planning!) and the selection covers most of the known world; why they even have some luke warm gnats piss that the yanks know as beer! (Lol I'm gonna get lunched now!! ;p )   The best thing is on Mondays they do ALL YOU CAN EAT FISH AND CHIPS, OK so it doesn't come with mushy peas, but it's a damn good representation of the dish, and they do use cod (none of that haddock b@llocks here my friends.)   The appetisers are a little odd, sausage roll, chip butty and scotch eggs to name a few; for those of you who think this is standard faire will be sadly mistaken. A scotch egg and sausage roll is used for picnicking and the chip butty is a cheap student dinner. A true British appetiser or starter is...prawn cocktail with Marie rose sauce, Heinz cream of tomato soup, stuffed garlic mushrooms and pate on toast (not all together of course!!), the main dishes are more authentic, i can recommend the steak and mushroom pie and the roast dinner on Sundays ONLY!!  There's not much else to say about this place; apart from their world cup coverage was super and they served $4 pints of Stella!!   Wankers away my friends, wankers away!
This pub is a Vegas classic. I remember my dad telling me stories when he attended UNLV, and now I have found myself creating my own memories here. Don't come for the food, come here for the drinks. They have so many beers on tap, they have made it into a game. If you decide you want to keep coming back (because you won't finish all in one sitting) then ask for a beer card. There are approximately thirty beers on the card, and you get a stamp for every one you try. The only stipulation is that you cannot try a beer twice. It has to be thirty different beers. I made the mistake of mixing light ales with dark lagers with who knows what else one night to try to fill up my card, and it ended in, well, a mess, if you will. Anyway, it is such a fun place to be (we chose Tuesday nights for our weekly get together) and after dining hours settle, it gets a bit louder, and livelier. Crown and Anchor is the best place around UNLV for groups to get together in a casual atmosphere for fun conversations and drinking. Be careful though. You can get tipsy pretty fast, and nobody wants an accident to happen. We always designate a driver (which always seems to be the party pooper since they cant join in on the debauchery, hehe) and the police always seem to be about. Crown and Anchor is so much fun, but have good fun, be safe!  Recommended drink: The beers on the card. Have your server recommend an order, don't just choose or you will end up in the bathroom all night!  Recommended company: Because it is loud and filled with students, I suggest bringing your own group of loud students to add to the mix!
Ever imaged an oasis in the Las Vegas desert? Well, here it is! Great English pub with food and beers to match! The bartenders are nice and the beers are cold. I also tried the sticky toffee pudding and it was pretty average but much appreciated nonetheless.
This is one of my favorite everyday watering holes here in Vegas.  Great selelction of beers, wonderful patio outside, pool, darts, a few TVs, lots of people--in essence everything you need to stay entertained while drinking.  The food is also very good... I had the Chicken Curry with Chips, and it was surprisingly good (either that, or I had consumed one too many black and tans). :)
You would have to be white or be with a white person to get good service around here.  I felt a racial tension when I was here last.
I am a huge fan of C&A, but I have to give it three stars for one major reason--time.  If you are looking to have great  times without dedicating your entire evening to the cause (well, at one place at least!), Crown & Anchor is not for you.  It WILL take you two hours to get three rounds of drinks on a good night.  Err, while I'm at it, I may as well mention parking as well.  I have only lucked out twice with parking at this place, and that was only because I pulled up as someone was pulling out.  On several occasions, my friends and I have parked at Metro across the street or Sherman-Williams and walked over.  Their parking lot is kind of hazardous, anyway.  It's very tight and really difficult to maneuver around in if you get stuck in a sticky place.  But now that I got THAT out of the way (I'm sorry C&A, for I do love you so!), let's get to the goodies.  My friends and I love this place for every reason you could love a pub.  Crown is super cozy and completely raucous at the same time!  When you walk in, you will see people from all walks: older groups enjoy it, the UNLV crowd is pretty big, business people head there after work, and clubbers hit it up for the predancetimebuzz.  Some one mentioned the old wood, and wax, and it takes me back to my Nana Wendy's house.  I sit down and look at the menu and see my family's traditional "home-cooked" foods--shepherd's pie, bangers and hash, scotch eggs, cod and chips, curries--for even though I'm from the South, my father and his family are British!  The imported beers list gives a nice sample of the many great UK (and I mean all the countries involved, not just GB) beers, with plenty on tap.  If you're feeling adventurous, the bartender and *some* of the wait staff are very knowledgeable and will happily recommend something to quench what you're thirstin' fer.    If sitting around outside with a smoke, a beer, and a group of friends at a great pub isn't enough excitement for you, inside they have darts, video poker, and several televisions for your pubbing pleasure.  They also frequently host events aimed at the UNLV crowd, like the British Comedy bash, music, and more.  Hello AbFab costume!!
I generally go the the C&A for the televised football matches (read: soccer games) and from my experience, they generally charge a cover which pisses me off, but I guess it's their right to do so.  I must admit I really do look forward to the chip butty they do (which is basically fries on a buttered roll), great at 6am whilst watching a game!  The rest of the food I've had there is ok, nothing special...haven't tried the fish n chips but as with pretty much anywhere Stateside, the chips aren't 'chip shop' chips, more like 'steak fries'.  The TVs they have for the 'footy' are kinda crap though, especially in the room on the way to the patio, very poor.  Speaking of the patio, I do miss being home in England and having a pint in the sunshine, so this really does hit the spot!  As with a lot of bars in Vegas, I find the service isn't the best, kinda slow as the bar staff of course want to take care of their gaming customers first.  I guess I find it too English at times, especially when there's a big boxing fight in town, it's full of Brits singing shite songs and being obnoxious, something I don't miss about living in England!  All in all, a decent place probably mostly because of the atmosphere and beer selection (the Guinness isn't that great there by the way), but in my mind somewhat over-rated.  Oh, and to Susan R.  it's NOT the same thing as the 'Rose and Crown' you mentioned... that's kind of like saying a Geo Metro is the same as a Cadillac because they're both American cars!
Ate here for my last night in Vegas. Experience was ok. Service was slow, and the food only eh. Ordered a snakebite, and got something else than what I thought I would. (Shame on me for not specifying.) Friends said that it's a good time during football (aka soccer) season.
I made my first, but hopefully not last, stop into the C&A Wednesday week whilst on business in LV.  It can be difficult at times in a big city to find local hangouts, however I fortunately have a UK mate living here who had already sussed the place out and found it up to his British pub standards. Better yet, as I was staying at the Embassy Suites by UNLV I could easily stroll over and avoid driving.  The C&R is basically everything you want in a local pub with an excellent pub atmosphere, a great selection of beers, imported and domestic and a decent pub menu. My friend went for the curry on chips and I played it safe w/ a curry on rice. Although the curry is not quite London or Adelaide fare, none-the-less the dish was more than adequate (I settled for chicken as lamb or seafood were not available), all things considered.   I would also prefer to have optionally mild, medium, hot or flaming arse curries served rather than the rather less than mild version served. Additionally a variety of curries such as seafood, lamb and veggie would be a nice touch.  With UNLV so close by a curry night would not be out of the question. I was present for an Adelaide pub's (The Exeter) introduction of curry night in 2000, c.f. http://adelaide.citysearch.com.au/restaurants/viewContent/1119945819643/1137463277210, an event that remains wildly popular to this day.  Not to complain though, all-in-all a great evening of British pints, curry and chit chat. I shall be back.
When I went here, it was a great atmosphere. Very bustling and the staff were very friendly. The food was absolutely amazing... guinness stew was what my bf had, and he shared some of it with me, and I had bangers and mash. (I'm not even normally a fan of sausage, but authentic british food... hey...)  They do lose 1 star for slow service. It took forever to get our check when it was time for our group to go and when we did get it, they had screwed up a bit on it. That was the only thing wrong with the entire visit, though.
I always go to this bar when in Vegas during the soccer season but only because it has the monopoly on soccer pubs in the city.  The lack of competition has lead to complacency and piss-taking on the cover charge for games.  My gripe recently is that my brother and I paid 20 bucks each to watch a game televised on Fox Soccer Channel (basic cable) when we could have watched in any other sports bar for free. I've been to games there with the atmosphere rocking, but for the UEFA Cup Final it was only half busy and left me wondering how they justify taking 20 bucks off customers when the average patron will also drop a reasonable amount behind the bar and on food.
good service, friendly staff and tasty food. although we ordered wings and got strips. whatever. it was like 430 am and any food tasted good. i just remember the waiter/bartender was really really nice. and he said we could smoke even though there was a sign that said no smoking :)
I'm not much of a pub person, but I was craving a bacon butty with brown sauce.  Except for a hamburger bun instead of a proper roll, I got exactly what I wanted, and was perfectly acceptable for a 4-year craving  Service was good, decor appropriately pub-like.  Once the weather cools enough so that it's only in the mid 80's outside in the afternoon (I live close enough to where walking is the only reasonable option), I plan to return for their Sunday Roast dinners and/or the occasional proper English breakfast.
Okay.  So my wife and I pull into the auto glass repair shop to get my driver's side window replaced (some &*^%&# broke it and stole about $600 of stuff from my car).  While waiting, we started looking for a place to eat and found this place.  Crown and Anchor is an AUTHENTIC English pub, right down to the kidney pie and the smoky atmosphere.  It was great comfort food--at that time we needed some comfort and this place served up some great food and drink.  We could have done without the smokiness, but that was a small price to pay for a good meal.  Highly recommended.
I finally had the Sunday Dinner, with lamb.  The lamb and gravy were exactly as I hoped and expected--slightly tough, thoroughly cooked lamb with some fat on it and some slightly gelatinous gravy.  Trust me--this is a fond childhood memory or I'd think it was utterly disgusting.  I was disappointed in the roast potatoes because they were crispy-crunchy, almost like french fries on the outside, and fluffy inside.  They are supposed to be shiny and brown outside, still firm inside.  The carrots were okay, properly cooked and not overcooked, again a disappointment because I was jonesing for overboiled cabbage or marrow (sort of like zucchini) with lots of salt.  The peas were the bright green frozen things I ordinarily LOVE, but again, I was hoping for olive-drab marrowfat peas better employed as missiles launched at one's classmates from a spoon.  The Yorkshire pudding was American-style, this big puffy round thing resembling a popover, instead of a lovely slice of chewy stodge in a puddle of gravy.  The meal is a bargain at $10.95, and it was better than I'd hoped for.  The portions are extremely generous--one plate is enough for two, really.  I was only disappointed because I'd wanted a trip back to school lunches in the UK in the late 1960's.  The Sticky Toffee pudding is lovely, although again, not quite stodgy enough, and the bottle of Theakston Old Peculier DID evoke memories of a fairly recent visit to Harrogate.  The staff is always attentive and courteous.  Now, if I could just get some proper English food anywhere outside the UK....
Forget the more American offerings on the menu.  Just have the fish and chips--with mushy peas.  Dip your chips in the mushy peas instead of the tartar sauce.  Their fish and chips are perfection, and English-style perfection at that.
Crown.  Anchor.  Either one by itself would be sufficient for excellent dining.  But you put them both together and you get:  1. Bartenders/waitresses with kilts and knee highs.  Damn. 2. The scotch egg (!) which is a hard boiled egg wrapped in sausage.  Shit yeah. 3. English soccer, and, better yet, english soccer fans at 430 in the morning on saturday singing and chanting to their teams.  The food is pretty decent but I have to tell you that there's more, like the huge beer selection and did I mention hot waitresses with kilts and knee highs?  Go there when a live soccer game is playing and there will be a crowd and a cover, even at 3 or 4 in the morning.  I shit you not.
How can anyone not give the CROWN 5 stars?! This is a must whenever the buddies and I make our quarterly trip to Sin City. Where to start with C&A?   The beer. A huge selection of outstanding beers. The fact that they have Carlsberg makes me smile. Stella and Pilsner Urquel as well. They have beer for everyone there.   The food. Honestly, I can't really remember what I have eaten there. My buddy Z loves the Scotch Egg. A hard boiled egg wrapped in sausage. He lives for it!   The real reason we go there. The football. No, not throwball, but the real football. The first experience watching a game there had to be the best. My team lost mind you. Horribly. The atmosphere in the place at 4am was better than any place in the U.S. anytime of day for (insert lame sport here). Chants were being sung. Taunting was taking place from table to table, just before friendly handshakes and rounds being bought for one another. The greatest part of that night/morning had to be at about 7am. We stumbled outside to see the sun up already. Down the parking lot a bit there were 4 British guys. One of which was completely obliterated, yet still felt he could do a jumping spin kick into his friends face. He proceeds to pull down his pants to his knickers. Leaving his black socks on mind you. He lines up his buddy, takes a leap, spins, kicks, misses by a mile and falls on his ass hard. We almost threw up from laughing so hard. Just the thought of this happening again makes us go back.   We will be visiting the Crown and Anchor in 3 weeks time for the Liverpool v. Manchester United match on 3/14. I am sure it will be just as memorable.
I was entertaining some friends from the U.K so we gave it a try. It was during the time Hatton was about to fight so bristling with the younger fight crowd who had drunk too much but were civil. Beer selection excellent, nice atmosphere, 2 dart boards and T.V's for the football games. I had the fish and chips and like to smother it in Malt Vinegar but what came out of the Heinz bottle was a black liquid and I'm pretty sure it was Balsamic vinegar. I wasn't sure if Heinz had made a darker version or what. Thinking back I should have asked whats up? Anyway the fish experience wasn't great. I've had better. The wife's steak and mushroom pie was awesome though. I would have liked to have seen another British cider available other than the generic Blackthorn. All in all I'd go there again.
Best Fish n' Chips in Vegas and maybe anywhere.  Light batter, thick and flaky fish.  Service usually blows (they don't staff many waitresses) but the food makes up for it.
I hate to give this place three stars, because it's actually one of my favorite bars in Las Vegas, but there are some reasons why I don't come here much anymore.  The beer selection is great for me, because I am a big fan of British beers.  This might be the only place in the city that has Bombardier Ale on tap.  The food is very good, and the prices are reasonable.  The problems:   The prices on beer seem to have gone up quite a bit over the last couple of year.  This used to be a good place to come for a couple of $5 drinks, but on the last couple of visits I payed close to $14 for two beers.  Their Happy Hour prices are a little cheaper, but not much.  I really hate to mention this, but there is a roach problem here.  If you sit outside, you're going to see a ton of roaches.  That's not such a big deal, but I have also had the same problem when sitting at the bar.  If you are coming here to eat, I would HIGHLY recommend that you sit at a table in the restaurant part of the room.  I have only eaten food on the bar-top twice, and both times there were roaches crawling around on the condiment bottles and near my food.  The food is really good, though, so I will certainly eat here again, just not at the bar.
I was expecting something out of Austin Powers but felt like I could have been at a bar at a beach in San Diego.  I was there on a Friday night and it was busy but not butts to nuts like you'd find at a place on the strip.  The beer is a little pricey.  $5.50 for a Newcastle, but this is Vegas.  Parking is a little cramped but I got lucky and got a good spot just as another guy pulled out.  They had a dj playing songs off an apple laptop and he was playing a good mix of stuff.  Made me feel like I was back in college when he put on Crazytown.  When you're here, check out the upstairs area where you can kick back with some pool.  Another interesting note about the Crown and Anchor is the it's the hangout of choice for boxer Ricky Hatton when he fights in Vegas.
Final night in Vegas, my friend took me somewhere on the way from BINGO to the strip.  This was the place she chose, as we were NOT going to eat on the Strip another time.    We stopped at Crown & Anchor.  First of all, let me say that I was impressed with the decor.  Being that I have been in London, it was pretty "accurate" with the Pub vibe.  Service was A BIT SLOW, and they were NOT that busy.  However, this seems to be a recurring factor in Vegas.  No one seems to move.  Maybe it is just that I am from the NYC area and like things promptly.  We all ordered salads.  The salads, I must say, are pretty dang tasty for rabbit food.  I was really impressed with it.  The chicken was cooked to perfection and the english dressing was fantabulous.  Prices were NOT that bad.  I would definitely recommend this place, if you have some time to kill & are NOT in a rush to get in, grab something to eat, and run.
Somehow an English pub wound up in the "slums" (I'm told) of Vegas (I live in the slums of Hollywood, which makes the neighborhood where the Crown and Anchor is look like Beverly Hills). But anyway.  I met an old friend here who is now a beer expert and he introduced me to some simply incredible stuff (Delerium Tremens and Young's Double Chocolate Stout). I'm now working on a script that's like Sideways, but it's in Vegas and the characters are beer instead of wine-obsessed.  It's a buddy pic where friend become enemies, enemies become friends. Got a compelling protagonist... an obstacle for him to overcome.
So I came to this place after reading the reviews here on Yelp and planning an annual trip I make with my father.  I wanted to find some good local places, off the strip, where the food was neither buffet nor over-priced.  Their meat pies were top notch, the cider was fresh, the beer was priced well and they carried a lot of imported foods that are hard to find most places.  Being an off strip place - it seems to cater to locals and I really liked that.  The first waitress was fabulous - fast, attentive and smiley.  The second was very friendly but much slower and less on top of things.  However she was adequate.  The only draw back to this place was how smokey it smelled - but its vegas and the law says you can smoke in the pubs so... This is a place I will definitely frequent again when I am in town.  In terms of being traditional, I am a first generation Canadian, raised by a family of Brits and I can say this is good authentic style pub.  WELL DONE!
I love this place! Its one of the few British Pubs that actually has a whole gang of Brits hanging out all the time. It may have something to do with the constant showing of Rugby and Football matches on the flat screens, or it could have something to do with the 50 or so ale's they have on tap each one being a treat or maybe the pretty tasty english fare on the menu.   I pick all of the above.  I have been here so many times the past 14 years and never been disappointed. The beer is good, the food is delicious.  The atmosphere is lively and fun a great local places, a great place to get something on tap that is actually worth drinking!
Reasons I like the Crown: Late-night Hangin on the patio with a Guinness (or two) Outstanding Fish and Chips (with Peas!) Sticky Toffee Pudding (with custard on top if you ask nicely) The Chip Butty (which I've never ordered, but just love the idea of butter-covered french fries on a hamburger bun)  Things I don't like: Service is never what you'd call 'brisk' The place could use a bit of a scrub Patrons can be surly on game nights. But what do ya want? It's a pub, right?  The perfect place to end a long evening on a warm spring night.
Whenever I'm in Vegas and want to watch my Arsenal play I make sure to hit up the Crown & Anchor.  That means I'm showing up around 6 in the AM and I probably did not sleep at all the night before.  There's a great beer selection but I can't really comment on the food (although I've been told it's good) because each time I've been there I've been just way too drunk to remember anything except the Scotch Eggs.  And those are perfect for eating after you've downed a few pints.  The last time I was in Vegas we showed up at the C&A so early in the morning it was still dark.  We stayed all day as some lads from England were in town for a stag party (bachelor party to us Yanks) and we ended up drinking with them all day.  The staff was friendly and great fun to chat with the whole time as well (I think we may have even received a couple of free drinks).  By the time we left it was dark again.    We didn't step out into the sun all day and we weren't even in a casino!
So if you have read any of my other posts, I do have a bit of a soft spot for the bar. Well, this place has a bar. They even have this promotion going on where they give you a punch card and you get it punched once for every country you buy a pint from. After 30 punches you get a t-shirt. They neglected to tell me that it needn't be in one night. I am unsure if I got the t-shirt.   I have been here several times other than that faithfull night. I have enjoyed breakfast, simple but solid english breakfast. Lunch and diner were top notch. The bangers and mashare at least as good as my usualpub on Maui.   The kicker is the waitstaff. They always make you feel like a regular. The service at either the tables, the patio, and the bar rivals some of the better establishments on the strip. The naughty schoolgirl thing never hurts either.  Go early in the morning, order a red eye with draught Boddingtons never fails to start the day off right.
i was here last night, not to count the numerous previous visits. this is my friend's favorite pub! and it is my #2 pub for there delicious food. they got awesome apple cobblers, and cottage pie is my favorite dish here.  they got chimay on tab which is one of my favorite beer. everytime i go to this pub i get a kick out of it.  there are times like on the weekends where it will take a while for services but still the staff here is very friendly. :) i'll definitely be back!
Love this place! Love the fish&chips!
UPDATED January 18, 2011 ...  My second visit to the C&A was as enjoyable as the first, except for my disappointment in the curry sauce I requested with my chicken fingers. Not much flavor to it, and the consistency seemed gloppy, as if they took a perfectly good curry sauce and added a bunch of corn starch to it. Kind of gross.   My date had the fish and chips, which tasted great ... Only one piece of fish, but it was a HUGE piece of fish ... Probably close to a pound! Once again we ordered the tasty sausage roll appetizer, which is served with a super yummy honey mustard type sauce. Also tried the onion rings this visit, and they were really good.    Service was okay ... Did not annoy nor impress me to any degree.  Will continue to patronize the C&A because I love their outside patio (which is dog-friendly, folks!), but will look for my curry fix elsewhere.  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ An authentic English pub smack dab in the middle of Vegasville - whoa ... kewl.  Mind boggling selection of brews from around the world.  I really enjoyed the Hoegarden that our adorable waitress, Mary, suggested. I prefer the lighter beers and this one had the perfect balance of flavor and brightness that I look for.  Our food choices were thoroughly enjoyable ... Sausage Roll was a perfect savory treat to start the meal and served with a very yummy dipping sauce. The garlic mushrooms were sauteed beautifully and very flavorful.  My chicken curry was REALLY GOOD, but I missed the carrots and could have done without the cauliflower.  I guess everyone makes it a little differently.  My date enjoyed his pork chop special which was cooked in a "sweet whiskey sauce,"  that just tasted like BBQ sauce to me. But the chop was tender and meaty.  Love, LOVE, LOOOOVE the outdoor patio seating area.  A big beautiful tree shades a good portion of it and the weather was beautiful on the April afternoon we were there.  The service we received was pretty good overall, which was a pleasant surprise after reading other Yelps that warned of the frustratingly slow service.  Highly recommended for the authentic atmosphere and hearty fare.  And I love the fact that they are open 24/7.  Next time I am definitely going to try the fish and chips!
Considering the fact that this place is a walk through a couple holes in the fence from my house and it's a pub really makes me wonder why I haven't stopped in sooner!  Actually what really makes me wonder is why I haven't had more cornish pasties in my life and actually decent fish and chips.   We went in a small group to get some dinner around Friday night. I ordered that Cornish pastie and while munching on the yummy flavors of ground beef and veggies surrounded by puff pastry I started wishing everything was wrapped in pastry-easiest most delicious to go container ever!   The rest of the table ordered fish and chips which were huge pieces of cod that were nice and flakey; some fresh squeezed lemon and you're golden!  There was also a platter with veggies and cheese and bread-the cheese being of course, imported English cheese. This is a cool platter to order if you like to munch, also a cool platter because it's vegetarian. It reminded me of light lunches that my European grandma would put together-a cold plate with delicious munchies!  We also ordered some beers and ciders, I noticed the selection is good, obviously focusing on imports from the U.K.  The only thing I'm not too fond of is the timing. The servers are friendly and fun to chat or laugh with-the dining experience seems to take a while though. Food comes out after quite a wait, so enjoy your company, drink some beers and get ready for some pub style favorites.  I'm pretty sure the next time any football game comes on and I can't sleep at 4 am you will find me here...
I personally don't like the food here but I will give them the benefit of the doubt because there are always tons of Brits eating here and I've never been to Britain. I once saw them do a takeout order of 25 orders of fish and chips for some higher roller at Wynn so that means something to me, too.   So that having been said, it's always lots of fun here especially now during the world cup and you can't beat the $20 video poker free lunch special.   Word of warning, they do have a weird alcohol license where you can only have beer at the bar but beer or alcohol in the dining area. So get your seat at the bar and whenever you want a shot, order from the waitress in the dining area.
First , a little back ground to establish my credentials.   I was born in the UK, and lived there until I was 11. My parents, now living on the east coast of the US, are the only other members of my family in the US. Everyone else is back int he UK, so I grew up on British food both at home, and on visits.   I've been to every place I ever saw that claimed to have "authentic British Fare". Almost none of them do. A.SALT & BATTERY is a fish n' chip shop in NYC that serves the most authentic fish n' chips I've ever had in the states, hands down. Other than that, most places have a crappy battered fish and some fries. Which is NOT fish n' chips. (And I'm from Southport, UK, which pretty much makes me an expert fish n' chip person. It doesn't pay very well, but it is delicious.)  Crown & Anchors fish n' chips are ok. Just ok. Better than what most places try to pass off as British fish n' chips.  it's everything else thats amazing.   In my home, every Sunday was, of course, traditional Sunday dinner. Roast beef or lamb, roast potatos, yorkshire puddings, veggies, gravy and colemans mustard or mint sauce. My Mother cooked it the same way my grandmothers cooked it, and it never got old. Amazing food. (whoever told you British food was bland has been eating at one of the aforementioned "authentic" places).  Crown & Anchor manages to replicate this meal.....perfectly. It's flawless. From the tender beef, to the correctly cooked veggies, to deep golden roasted potatos and fluffy yorkshires, they get it right, and truly authentic, every time. the price for such a shit ton of food is impressive, you will not leave hungry.  I love sunday dinner at the Anchor, and you will too.   Other British staples are well represented. Cornish Pasties, sausage rolls, ploughmans lunch, chip butty's, mushroom pies, ...all a delicious part of my childhood, and all cooked to authentic perfection at the Crown & Anchor. Wash it down with a Speckled Hen or a pint of Strongbow, and you have just experienced the closest thing to a true British pub meal, possibly in the US.   Hopefully I've conveyed how good the food and drink is.   Staff is always friendly, the crowd goes from reserved to rowdy, and the atmosphere is always good. Sit upstairs for a quiter dining experience, but you sacrifice a little in the way of timely service.  No complaints, see you there on Sunday.
Came here for breakfast on a Sunday. A good vibe and the food was a-okay!
I don't want to sound like a zealot but this establishment should be in the best of Las Vegas.  It has character and it is fairly decently priced when it comes to Las Vegas as Vegas is pretty pricey in and around the Strip area, when it comes to food and drink. I have been to the Crown and Anchor Pub twice and I must say that I have enjoyed it both times. I had a beer there that I cannot place but it was bitter yet sweet and all in all terrific. One of the most important things about The Crown and Anchor is that it has an authenticity and feel that is lacking in most Las Vegas establishments. This alone makes it a good place to visit. As an addendum I would like to add that the chips served at The Crown and Anchor Bar are great. Also my friend and couldn't help commenting on the fact that our server was quite attractive. So there is eye candy at The Crown and Anchor as well.
Cool sports hang-out place for those near UNLV. Before Yardhouse and Freakin' Frogs, you came here for your beers. Hell, you can still come here for your beers. I want to say they have 60 beers on tap that you can try. They give you a special card too, that they punch for you every time you try a new beer. If you get through all of them, they give you a prize. I don't know what the prize is, since I don't know anyone who has made it through all the beers.   Its a fun looking place too. It looks like a small cottage from the outside, but its a fun place clean place on the inside. It isn't a dive bar by no means. I have never been to an authentic British pub, but I could imagine that they look like the Crown & Anchor..
Let me start out by saying my husband is British so we just HAD to go here.  As we were staying at the MGM Signature this called for either a bus ride or a cab.  Cab to here was about 12$ w/tip (more or less).  When you get to the place it looks like an old old building and inside it was old looking too.  But I was told that was the idea by the hubby.  We got there between crowded times so we could sit where we wanted to.  The place has tons of memorabilia all over the walls - old signs, flags, newspaper clippings, etc. And chalk boards over the beer taps that were advertising all sorts of things.  We had a scotch egg for an appetizer (not too bad) hubby had a steak and kidney pie and I had the lamb with taters, carrots, and peas and this ginormous yorkshire pudding.  And a ton of gravy.  Hubby was in pie heaven and I was scraping off gravy from some pretty good lamb.   They have a great selection of beer and I had my first hard cider - Blackthorn.  I am now officially hooked on cider.  The stuff is sneaky and like my mum in law says 'it will knock your legs out from under you!'  It just made me a bit giggly, but I bet if I had had more than one............ ;)  They called a cab for us to take us back to our hotel even.  This place is way cool and the food is pretty darn authentic.   The next time we are out in Vegas we are so going back!
I've always had a good time in coming here.  I'm a big fan of British pubs, and while my favorite one still remains in San Diego, this is a perfectly acceptable alternative.  The service has been good, the atmosphere is lively, their beers are extensive and great (I usually go for a Guinness with black currant, myself), and even the food is tasty.  Fish 'N' Chips and a Scotch Egg?  Good times = me.  It's fun to watch the game, play a few tunes in the jukebox, or even hang out in their upstairs area (there was a lightning storm last night, which made the whole atmosphere awesome).  I've even been accosted by a group of friendly Elvis impersonators there, of which I will definitely rate that particular experience: "A hoot".  All they need to do is run the recent Doctor Who episodes, and I'm set.  Recommended.
Great atmosphere!!! I like hanging out here for football (soccer) games as well as just for dinner! The chicken curry over rice is my FAVORITE thing on the menu.  It's also yummy to order fries with a side of the curry sauce for a game time snack!  I would LOVE to become a regular....!!! :)
Things I like about the Crown & Anchor: The location (off the strip, but not too far off, close enough to walk to Thomas & Mack for bball games) The beer selection (Chimay on tap is pretty rare in LV) They have darts and a jukebox.  Things that are just ok: The parking situation (not too many spots, especially tight on game day, you usually have to park at the paint store or the llantera and hope you don't get towed). The food (burgers and fish & chips are decent) The prices (reasonable, but I wish happy hour went past 6) The ambiance (pub-ish) The service (sometimes good, sometimes slow)  Thing I hate: The smoking! (yes, they still allow it!)
I love this place! Along with the bartender that has a British accent, I feel like I've been taken away to a real UK pub.  They are dog friendly! So bring your mutt and enjoy the patio located in front of the pub which is just along the street. Watch cars zippin on bye!  Food is ridiculously good! So far, the Britsh burger with Stilton cheese, chicken leek pie, and fish and chips were slam dunks in my mouth. The last time I was there, the bartender looked at me with surprise when I ordered a second order of the chicken leek pie. That's just how I roll. If its that good, I'm having seconds! This place is my main squeeze right now.
Crisps with curry gravy and a cider, is the best ever.  Their chicken tenders are the best!  And a salad with beats - love the beats.
Was here last night to meet up with some friends for Monday Night Football and to have a couple of Beers before dinner.  We settled in around the bar and browsed the Beer menu.  There was so many to choose from and I was indecisive, so the waitress said she'd bring me a few samples so I could make up my mind....bonus.    After tasting a few brews, I went for the Fullers ESB.  It's a very good tasting English Ale that was very fulfilling.  Although I've been here many times in the past, I learned something new.....you can't order hard liquor at the bar!  A friend of ours tried to order a Crown and Coke and they said that you had to be in the dining area and had to order food with a hard liquor order.  The reason is that their liquor license is for a Tavern, which means only Beer & Wine at the bar.....hard liquor in the dining room.  That sucked for the people in our group that didn't drink Beer or Wine.  I guess I never knew since I've only ordered Beer when I come here.  Overall, it was a good time for everyone.  Will definitely be back again.
The Crown makes better chicken curry than a Pakistani grandma! Get it over a bed of rice or if you have a strong heart it's delicious over fries.   Join the "Down the Hatch Club" by drinking every beer they have on tap. It's a great way to try new brews and keep track of your alcoholism.  Every Thursday night is quiz night so get some friends together or go solo and make new ones to win the ultimate prize($50 bar tab).  The juke box is digital so it can be hit or miss but if someone plays really bad music the bartenders will override it. The dart boards are in great shape and the loft has Foosball for all my Mormon friends.   If you're a video poker player the bar is great, if you're not there's a ton of places to sit.
In a town full of glitz, glam, and gaming, this is one of the only local pubs that I have found that downplays the gaming and focuses on the pub ambiance.  Of course there is gaming, if you choose, but it's subtle, so the dark, British pub feel comes through without being blinded by lights coming from the screens. They have plenty of beers on tap or in bottles, and offer a full menu worth of food.  The food is British pub style, so don't expect an abundance of spice or anything healthy on the menu, but it is what it is.  I go here for the atmosphere, it's what a great hangout pub should be.  It can get a bit loud when they have their DJ's making it difficult to chat with anyone more than one seat down, but during it's quieter hours (before 10 pm) I think it's the perfect place to have a drink and settle in, maybe play a round of darts or pool with the posse.  Of course, they always have football (soccer) on the tele, so if you're looking for a place to watch the game, you've found it.
The review is for 3.5 stars. I came here a few times when I was in college at UNLV (back in the day, I remember how small it was- small parking lot too- and that it was busting at the seams- another location opened near Chinatown BTW). Our most recent visit was when a good friend was moving to another state- it's her favorite bar. I didn't eat- it was a little too late for me. A couple of our friends did and their food looked good. I did sample a few fries. We had a couple drinks while remembering all the good times. The server was really nice and came around often, checking on us. Since it was wednesday night, it was karaoke night- which made it more fun- it's great hearing people perform- some people are so animated. We hung out for a few hours. There was a good crowd but it wasn't as crowded as it would be on a weekend, I imagine.   I am interested in trying the fish and chips sometime, since I hear that it is a specialty of theirs- being an authentic British pub and all. The atmosphere is rich dark woods and heavy furniture (chairs). It is a little dark inside too.    Just a note, be careful with the step on the way (from the front of the bar to the other side of the bar, on the way to the bathroom, I totally missed it and fell! I was ok, though, just a little embarassed, but not sure many people even noticed it.
The food is outstanding, and the selection of beers is even better.  I've spent many interesting nights here, and always love coming back.  Just watch out for the bagpipes and college students...
Our favorite pub in Las Vegas.  Good food, great beer and close to the Strip. Make it a point to go!
As any soccer fan living in the United States can attest to, being a fan of The Beautiful Game in this country can be quite a lonely experience.  From the quizzical looks I get when I wear my Cesc Fabregas Arsenal jersey in public, to the "huh?" I get from bartenders at other bars when I ask if they can put a soccer match on, being a soccer fan is sometimes like being the red-headed stepchild.  Which is why I love this place so much.  Simply put, this is the best British Pub I have ever been to.  It isn't a big bar by most standards, but it's very homely and it just feels warm to be inside.  They have pool, darts and foosball for those interested in bar games.  They do have video poker like in most bars these days, but this is a bar better for socializing or watching a match than playing poker.    I just got back today from watching Arsenal play Barcelona in a UEFA Champions League match, and while the place was pretty empty when I got there 20 minutes before match time, practically all the seats were taken by kickoff.  The British Burger I ordered was absolutely delicious, and next time I must try the fish and chips.  Even though it was noonish, the people watching the match were rowdy and fun, and despite the intensity of a hugely important match were for the most part friendly.  While the fans are passionate and intense, you probably don't have to worry about brawls breaking out.  The only bad thing I can say about this place is that the parking lot of quite small and cramped.  If you're going here to watch a match, be sure to get there early, as it fills pretty fast, particularly if it's a popular club or country playing (I.E. Manchester United, Chelsea, Liverpool, Arsenal or England's National Team).  Besides, the smaller lot probably encourages designated driving, so you can experience those many beers and get home safely :)  PROS: -Authentic British pub decor -Wide selection of beers  -Plenty of bar games -Great Food! -Soccer, er, Football fans!  CONS: Small, cramped parking lot.
I love this bloody place!  One of the few places in Vegas that I honestly miss.  The all you can eat English fish & chips (Monday night), chicken curry, chicken & leek pie and Lancashire hot pot are some of my favorite menu items.  Big beer selection and full bar lacking the typical douchebag Vegas tourist is a huge plus.  Most of the out-of-towners are here visiting with a local.   Friendly, prompt waitresses and bartenders do their job well.  Parking can be a bitch at times but that's the only negative that comes to mind.  Oh...that and the mens bathroom sink's water pressure is up pretty high so when you turn it on, you get splashed in the front of your pants making it look like you wee'd on yourself.  Crown & Anchor has done a damn fine job making you feel as if you are in an authentic "British Pub"  so much so that you forget you are still in Vegas (which is a good thing.)    Cheers!
This is a great place to run into a steady stream of Brits visiting from across the sea, apparently it is well known over there. There is also a steady stream of locals which gives the place a real "character".   Over the years, both as a tourist and as a local, the Crown had always been a favorite place to stop in and have a pint. Nothing's changed for many years, even some of the staff seem to hang around for years.  Not every visit to the Crown will give you reason to promote it to a 5 star joint, which is why it sits solidly at 4 stars. The food is good, since you weren't really expecting anything spectacular. The service can be good at times and not so much so at others, but overall you should have fun as long as you let yourself enjoy it.  But if you ever get the chance to make it to the Crown during the World Cup (especially for a match between England and the US like we had just this past summer), you will have definitely have an experience you won't soon forget.   It is events such as this that keeps this place on the list of some of the best places Vegas has to offer.
Nice Pub, BUT the Curry sauce was bland and watery?Only negative thing I found with this Public House!
Didn't want to review the place until I had the food.  The first two times I went I was on a liquid diet.  On my quest to find a cool place to watch the world cup games my co-worker told me about C&A.    My first visit was for the U.S.-England game it was an awesome experience.  Even though the U.S. fans were out numbered a bit we represented.  Besides a couple cheeky remarks everyone got along wonderfully.    Second visit to C&A was for the the U.S.-Algeria game, and unless you are a hermit we all know what happen that game.  Epicness happened.  When Donovan scored that goal it was absolute bedlam.  It is was one of the greatest moments of my life.  What a great feeling to celebrate something like that with your fellow countrymen and women.  But just like the England game all I had was beer.  It wasn't until recently that I had the food.  I was in the area and decided to give the food a try.  And I'm glad I did.  I had the Fish and chips and they were good.  I'm not really a fish guy, but I thought I would have the house specialty.  The truth is I would give this place a four star, but since I experienced one of the greatest thrills of my life it gets a five.  C&A is hand's down the best place in Vegas to watch Soccer and the food is good.
Need a local spot for darts? This is your place! My favorite locals pub in the city. Always an interesting group of people. The service is great, Nicole is the hottest waitress in Vegas :) Great beer selection.   If you go I will suggest Wednesdays for karaoke night- half of the singers verge on professional and the other (like me) are pretty bad but always choose good songs.   Thursdays are Pub Quiz nights- although you often have to translate what the quiz reader is asking (very thick British accent) it's a good time and winner gets a $50 bar tab, which, unfortunately, you cannot use the same evening.   TV's are generally tuned into soccer or rugby...I wouldn't know but I hear they get some big crowds at 8AM for important matches.  Interesting liquor license at this place- I mean who wants liquor at a British pub and with their wide variety of beers but if you want a shot you've got to be sitting in the "restaurant" not the bar.  Get the chicken fingers they are better than the fish and chips! Open 24 hours this place is the best for after hours! I HEART THE CROWN!
This used to be a once a week destination while I was in college!  This is a great little bar.  I would love to work there for a day just to wear their cute plaid skirts! I haven't eaten a ton of their food...but it's typical bar good...greasy and tasty with a nice beer! They have 30+ beers on tap.  Darts and other bar games.  They have video poker, if you're interested in gambling while you drink.  Really fun to be there while soccer is playing.  The outdoor seating is really nice, especially at night.
A good pub is a wonderful place. Done right, it's a second home for those of us that like to bend an elbow.  Now, Vegas doesn't have a perfect pub.  The main problem in our city is that every pub ruins its ambiance by installing those damn video poker machines in the bar.  And part of the greatness of a pub is a spacious wooden bar (uncluttered by anything except empty pints). So in Vegas, we already start a star down (try resting your elbow on the bar with those blocky video poker machines in the way).  But when you lower the bar for Vegas, Crown & Anchor is an excellent choice.  They have a solid selection of British, Irish and American beers and a decent whiskey collection.  Add in a nice dart board and a solid crowd of good-humored patrons.  Head there for a big soccer match or rugby match and you'll find a nice batch of rowdy fans yelling at a television.  It's comfortable and fun, with tasty fried food and drinks.  What you'd expect from a good pub.  And there are some advantages to drinking in a Vegas pub.  Like all successful Vegas businesses, Crown & Anchor has perfected the art of hiring sexy wait staff.  The staff is very easy on the eyes and a vast improvement from the brown teeth and rolly-polly figure you'd find in jolly ol' England.
So it's a pretty good English-y tavern, augmented with Vegas' love for gambling.  But if you don't sit at the bar proper, you can barely tell any of that's there.  There's a few TVs up to watch a match, lots of beer on tap (the English assortment of 1664 and Carlsburg), and you can order a large baseball of meat wrapped in a buttery shell.   Oh wait, that's a Cornish Pastie!  And it's delicious.    Did I mention the wait staff is hot?
What a dump!! I am a Brit in Vegas so I thought I would go to the Crown and Anchor to watch the footie. One end of the bar was covered with stacks of dirty beer glasses. The place was filthy and absolutely minging. The waitress was awful and the food I saw coming out of the kitchen I would not feed to my dog. I left after one pint. Shockingly awful!  I think the worst bar I have ever been in!
fun place. Food was good. the owner is very nice. The waitresses are a little scantily dressed for a pub i think but I am sure it is to keep the men there. I am sure it is a fun place when the footie matches are on. I would gladly go back!
The food was very good but the restaurant was understaffed. What should have been a 40 minute lunch turned into a hour and a half voyage. The atmosphere was excellent. Know know it's a good British pub when the ex-pats are in to watch the footie on the big screen.
If you are in Las Vegas and are looking for a taste of Brittian, this is the place to go.  They have beers, spirits and wines from all over Europe, especially England and Ireland.  The atmosphere is nice and cozy with lots of neat touches.  They have kareoke night, specials almost every night and live soccer (or football as they call it everywhere else but the USA) on TV.  They also have darts and a jukebox.  The food is really good with a good mix of traditional British food and bar food favorites.  My favorite is their Shepherd's Pie, though there Ploughman's lunch is good on a hot day too.    When you go in, be sure to ask for a Lindemann's Lambic.  It's an excellent berry flavored drink that is refreshing.
First let me state a weakness- There is nothing in the world like Guinness on tap. It is a Food of the Gods. It is a sublime, ethereal elixir to which nothing really compares!! Ah, just the thought of one makes me misty-eyed.   OK, now that I've got that off my chest.   This place is as "pubby" as you'll find in Vegas with an English bend to it. Some people from across the pond have stated it is just so-so and not really that good, every one except a Scotsman I know. But he usually disagrees with everyone anyhow, so...   An aside joke...Do you know how copper wire was invented? Two Scots fighting over a penny.   Which is kinda funny in that the one true Scot I know is among the most generous people I've yet to come across. Go figure.   Back to the pub. The atmosphere is good, in that they have some dartboards and show some football on the tele ( Soccer, mates, soccer). And I do like the dimmed lighting. But I hate the damned uneven floor! I really don't want to trip and spill anything.So don't make me do it! I like the hubbub of noise. Not too intrusive, not to isolated. Admittedly a bit chummy. All in all, a good start.  But them waitresses have got to go! Pubs aren't the spill station for the strip or "gentlemen's" clubs. When you have balloon-titted gals upset because you aren't ogling all over them, it is annoying. Hah, must be there tip sensor not going off properly. Just take my order and give me my food. period. Don't check my to see if I'm checking you out and give a glance at my watch and shoes to see if you spot dollar signs.   The food is OK, but not great. Surprisingly, they have a meager amount of authentic English foods and none of them will wow you. The fish and chips is average. The various pies are decent. Bangers and mash is a good choice. Just don't think is is gourmet and you won't be disappointed.   But the beer selection is good. And the Guinness draft is heavenly. Two for the service. And Four for the Guinness. That gives us three stars.
The pub style is great, but the place feels like a sausage party.  The male to female ratio tends to be about 8:1 and of the 8, 6 are pretty douched up.  The food isn't very good....although the pies are decent.  Excellent selection of beer and fun trivia night.  The wait staff is hit or miss, and does feel a little like a strip club.  Dog friendly patio, which is great.  Not a bad place for afternoon summer drinks.
Pretty good English Style pub. Nice beer selection and they actually have a variety of British Pub food, not just Fish and Chips, but Bangers and Mash, Scotch Eggs, plus a variety of meat pies. Food is good, tasty, the pies are very good, nice gravy, flakey crust. They have a dog friendly patio, although most of the time of year it's either way too damn hot or way too damn cold and windy to sit on it. A big plus to the waitresses, they are all dressed in little plaid skirts and have English accents...very cool.
bangers, pasties, darts, fish n chips... excellant!
Love the new look. Staff friendly and pool are is outstsnding
I've only stopped by here for some drinks with a friend, so I haven't actually tasted the food. My vodka shots were smooth, but I just didn't have any room for food, so instead I just watched my husband and our friend chow down some scottish eggs and fish n' chips.. they loved it. And it's too bad that I wasn't hungry, but service was fast, girls working there were friendly, and seemed like authentic European food.. now I just need to find some place like that here in Arizona..
I have friends that swear by this place, but it is not the place for me. I enjoy a good beer on tap, or a strong mix drink, but there are many places down Maryland that will offer me that. The food is ok, but nothing to rave about. The fish and chips are a crowd favorite, especially during nights when they do the AYCE. I have tried it once and can only do one plate because it is oil laden. I understand that you cannot expect fried food to be grease free, but a good batter and proper prep should leave you with minimum saturation. The generous pieces of flaky fish are moist and flavorful. After stripping the batter, the meal was more enjoyable. The lightly breaded chicken strips are great since I am not a fan of a thick coating. Nothing kills a good strip more than biting into a strip and getting predominantly breading.  The staff has always been friendly and attentive. Sometimes the male bartender would overlook me for female patrons, but it is not a big deal.
Okay so !st off this is my fav place to eat in Vegas hands down, everyone that comes to see me eats there at least once on there trip, but my best friend and I went in a few weeks ago she had never been , and I really talked this place up, however they were out of the 3 top beers they sell, the waiter gave me an issue when I asked if we could smoke, which you can but he seemed put out by getting me an ash tray, the fish and chips were great but they stop putting it in news paper so that was a little sad but all in all great food and will be back time and time again! Also we all got our food at different times so it was weird waiting on other people to get done when you were don 30 mins ago. I hope they were just having an off day cause I love it, I feel this is not a kid friendly place, drinking, loud music and smoking so sorry mom and dad maybe on date night
I really like this place! It reminds me of my college days and going to school abroad in England for a Semester.  This pub is as close as it gets to a vintage British tavern/pub.  Great to watch Rugby and Soccer especially world cup soccer!  Cant go wrong here!!! They do it right! So much beer to choose from-thats a problem-lol!!!!
i love this place.  the food is always good and the enviroment is fun.  we've eaten a bunch off of the menu.  fav is fish and chips. pastie, cottage pie, chicken curry...all good.  the scotch egg is great.  dont forget to ask for HP sauce.  they make their own chips wich are tasty.  they have a lot of draft beers too.
Love this bar. People are cool, never had any issues. The weekends &  Wednesday (karaoke night) tend to get packed fast. The bar is small and there aren't a lot of seats. There is a balcony upstairs you can chill at, but no wait staff will serve you. All in all the place is cool. Just don't expect stellar service from the staff.
Sunday was my first visit to big crown. I have been to little crown on spring mt a few times, and never had a bad experience. A couple buddies and me sat at the bar and the bartender came over and informed us that sunday was 1$ PBR night. Well I was looking forward to a Stella or a Bass, but dam, 1 dollar pbr. So I had a couple of those, we also had some of the homemade potato chips and an order of wings.  The potato chips were really thin and broke easily in the curry which could of had a little more flavor.  The wings were decent, kind of your average bar wings. I'd have to give a low rating on the food, but honestly we only tried those two things and nothing off their traditional menu. I will definitely be back to try those becuase the bartender was really nice. He got our orders right, engaged in a bit of small talk, was able to answer questions I had about their happy hour and offered a sample of Bombadier when I asked what kind of beer it was, having never seen it before.   The decor is pretty standard, pictures and UK beer decals. They have a little cove for darts and what sounded like a billards table upstairs. They have a board with all their sports offerings, and special events like karaoke and trivia.  So I will definitely be back for some pints, hopefully of something better next time, but cmon 1 dollar is 1 dollar, amirite?
Was not impressed at all.  The female bartender was nice but the male bartender was a dick.  I ordered a sandwich from the female bartender and 2 minutes later I hear the male bartender talking shit about what I ordered to other guys sitting at the bar (who he didn't seem to be friends with, and for the record, what business is it of theirs?).  Then he came over and said something about ordering the same thing his grandmother ate.  Wow, your g-ma eats chicken too?  What are the odds?  I went here because I was looking to watch a soccer game and another bar by my house recommened it.    I need to find a different soccer friendly bar somewhere in this city because I will not return here.
Was told this place had soccer games. Called to find out if they had the la galaxy game (which was on fox sport west) and was told "we have all the soccer games, we've never missed one". Although the guy had no idea who the galaxy were and was not knowledgeable about soccer.  We drove a few miles there.  The waitress had no clue to anything soccer related and simply pointed to a schedule chalkboard.  As expected only premeir league games.  What made this especially upsetting was that they were playing a college (american) "football" game on one tv.  This place does not play any major league soccer games and instead shows college football!!!! Also, so much for the "we never miss a game" I was told in reference to major league soccer.  But the guy obviously had no idea what he was talking about and I was skeptical going there in the first place.
All I can really say about this place is "Meh".....
I've been coming here off and on for the last six years. On my 21st this was the second stop on my drinking around the university tour. I got to witness a hilarious argument in which a biologist had a drink thrown in his face by a mean drunk lady.   If you like to watch football (soccer), this is the place to be. They do have a cover charge on occasion; I guess that is for pay per view games or something.  On those occasions when I'm a crappy vegetarian and eat fish (I admit it), the fish and chips here are the best I've had in Las Vegas.
Went here for dinner on our first night in Vegas.  It's a little restaurant off the strip and being an ex-pat I am always down for some tasty (read greasy) British grub.  They had a lot of comfort food that I remember from my youth.  Couldn't make up my mind on an app so I tried a Sausage roll and a Yorkshire Pudding.  The latter was very dry as if it had been cooked a few days ago and just warmed up.  I had a Blackthorn draft with Blackcurrent (originally asked for Ribena, but waitress had no idea what this was).  Can't remember exactly what my buddy ordered, I think it was some sort of stew.  I went with a Banger buddy (sausage sandwich) with chips.  All in all, not bad.  I wouldn't be rushing back here any time soon.  As a plus we were entertained by the two LVPD police officers who were dining next to us.  It was literally something out of Reno 911 as these two argued over the fact that one of them had never tried clam chowder and the other one was forcing him to sample from the bowl that he had ordered.
Great "local" bar..pool table, plenty of places for friends to sit, eat, and drink.   Open till cows come home!
great pub!! the fish & chips and sticky toffee pudding are amazing. strong selection of english brews.  the self-proclaimed "greatest bartender in the world" Adam actually truly was!!  excellent service and hospitality...really talks and listens to the customers! so glad we found this place. :D
Crown & Anchor is nice for a good beer and bar food. Apparently friends of mine like their fish and chips, but I do not eat fish, so I cannot tell you from experience. The potato skins though are pretty good.  They have a wide variety of beers to choose from, as well as hard liquor. However, you have to remember that you cannot order hard liquor at the bar, only beer. I prefer a Smithwicks, but next time I go in, I want to try something different. That is what I like about variety, so many choices, which means so many reasons to go back!   They really do not have a daily happy hour, but they have theme nights. Like Thursday is Pub Quiz, you answer ten questions and the winner wins like a $50 bar tab or something along those lines. Our team did not win last night, bummer. They also have $1 draft Sundays at night.   It is a cool place, nothing extraordinary though. Our waitress was hot, but she was a ditz for sure. She forgot all our orders at one point in time and kept forgetting to place them. I guess it has its days of being cool and  lame. It is also awkward when your philosophy professor just so happens to be getting drunk in the same place you are. Got to love this place for the attraction of UNLV faculty.
I LOVE THIS PLACE  1st  time I was here I saw that the waitress's were skinny girls in skirts, and I made the mistake of thinking that these girls were going to be lazy and not care about the fat people sitting in the back. I WAS WRONG... this is one of the hardest working wait-staffs in Vegas, they don't stop moving, and are constantly getting what you ask for. To top it off, they still make you table, no matter how large the amount of the people or how large the people... or both, feel like they are the only Table.  This is the best Fish&chips you will find in this city, I have been looking for years for this quality of fish&chips. The Fish by the way is HUGE and cooked perfectly.  When I come on a Monday, I gain a good 40lbs due to the all you can eat Fish&Chips, then some how stuff a Toffe pudding in my mouth for dessert.
This place rocks! I first started going with some buddies.from work we got off at 1am sometimes and this place is always open. Great fun and karaoke on Wednesday is awesome. I suggest this place to all my friends now.
Crown And Anchor. How do I love thee? Let me count the ways...  This place is a unique establishment, which, in Las Vegas, is an achievement. This place has so many draws. For example, the food is absolutely authentic British pub fare. It's the best in town.   The staff. What can I say? From the plaid skirts to the flirty service, the help is definitely easy on the eyes. And ladies, don't despair, because every male bartender is huge ( I believe a prerequisite for male employment is the ability to bench a Volkswagen).   Crown and Anchor issues to its patrons a challenge. Whosoever can drink all 30 beers available on tap will receive a free Crown and Anchor T shirt in commemoration of their drunken prowess. It repeats up to four times for different swag.   And did I mention Pub Quiz?    Once weekly, on Thursday evenings, teams compete in an impossibly difficult trivia challenge, wherein teams are asked ten very difficult questions, spanning a breadth of topics. Thehighest scoring team receives a 50 dollar bar tab to be used at their next visit. It's competitive, free, and a blast. Highly recommended.   So should you ever get the hankering for English culture for a moderate price, a great view, and some stiff competition, the Crown and Anchor Pub is the place to be.
This place is the closest Las Vegas will get to a college bar. The place is modeled after an English pub situated in a large wooden hall. They have a variety of beers on tap and after you've had them all (all 30), they'll give you some kind of Crown and Anchor swag.   Thought it was kinda weird that the place was filled with seats. In other cities, a type of bar like this would also double as a club haha. That wouldn't fly in Vegas I suppose.  If you're a local and looking for a chill time with a very young and college scene, come here. No grimy old man pedos.   If you're a tourist and you've ventured this far from the strip, you'll find this place a comforting and unpretentious bar to pass the time.  Minus one star for the service which is also very collegy.
I love this place! Every time I'm in town I hit it up. Good food, good drinks, and def has that old skool British pub vibe. And I like how they play soccer during football season!
In a town where $10 beers are now the new norm, this is a great oasis in the desert. Best of all, the patrons are mostly local.    I recently enjoyed several Delirium Tremens there, just one of the many unique bottled choices C&A offers, and I was seeing pink elephants.   The food is not bad, but go here for the beer.   Nice tap selection also.
Recently enjoyed another dinner on their patio with my lovin' man. This time, we both were in a breakfast kind of mood, so went for the Gammon and Eggs. Gammon is similar to ham, but the British version is called gammon and is a bit milder than American ham, and the steaks are generally round in shape with a center bone. Eggs were cooked properly, although I wish our plates had been served a little hotter. Overall, another great meal at Crown & Anchor on Trop.  It was a great breakfast, and their great coffee worked beautifully with it to squelch our hankerin' for breakfast.
Yelp came thru once again... I arrived on a late flight and had not had dinner so we decided to look for a place close by to eat and this popped up.  The place was pretty empty around 9pm but shortly filled up for trivia night.  I had a side salad and order of wings and my husband had the fish and chips.  And we also had a couple pints, they have 30 draft choices!  The wings and sauce were superb, the wings are battered but its light not overpowering, the sauce is on the side and just how we love it vinegar and spice.  My husband raved about the fish, I didn't try it.  The fries/chips were good, thick cut awesome with malt vinegar.  My big gripe here is that its a bar and I guess in Vegas they still let you smoke, yuck!  Anyways if in the area I would go back again for the awesome wings.   P.S.  We tried the sticky toffee pudding and it was not good, super dry and no ice cream.  If you want one that will knock your socks off try it at Gallagher's restaurant at NY-NY hotel.  Theirs is awesome.
My new favorite spot in Las Vegas. An authentic British pub (well minus the video poker machines) & I used to live England, so I know what I'm on about! If you want a break from the insanity of the Strip, this is the place to chill out. I had their chicken-leek pie & it was wonderful, fresh & flavorful, the best meal I'd had in weeks. The ambience is dark & cozy, the perky co-eds clad in plaid miniskirts waiting on you are top notch. As I'll be moving to Vegas soon, I'm looking forward to many more evenings in my new hang-out.
Stilton Plate and Fullers London Pride pale ale...who wouldve thought that just stilton cheese(like blue cheese), cucumbers, and tomato slices would taste so good!! Also the sticky toffee bread pudding was AMAZING! I ordered two...oops ;)
Good food. Good beer. Good service.  The fish & chips are always good, curry is not bad. Couple of beers on the patio, dog friendly spot. Been here probably 20 times in the past ten years and it's never disappointed, both locations are good.
Get past the crowd of UNLV students, or just come during the off-hours of their typical hours of drinking, and overlook the often slow service.  Do these things and you will enjoy Crown & Anchor for what it is... an actual traditional British Pub in Las Vegas. I will be the first to admit I have never been to a real British pub, like say, in London, but hey if this is the closest I can get right now, so be it.   I suggest Fish and Chips and it is typically what I get when I come here, although I have had a few other selections, this is certainly my go to and it's good, EVERY TIME.It's fish, it's chips, it comes with great tartar sauce if you want it.   Not to mention the beer selection. It's works for me. I think everyone should come here at least once.
I drive by this place often and finally stopped in for lunch.  GREAT  FOOD, GREAT DRINKS, and the bartender was so friendly and  great service.  I will be back.
My parents took us out for great fish and chips when I was a kid, for the past 40 years I've tried everywhere to find good fish and chips and am always sorely disappointed (my partner is under orders to stop me from ordering fish and chips because it's usually so bad).  FINALLY!  The Fish & Chips at the Crown & Anchor are better than my childhood memories!  The food was so good, I actually ate peas - and enjoyed it.  This place is fantastic.  Everything was great, real food and dog friendly on the patio,  What more could you want, I've found happiness.
I know this is probably heresy but I have one word to sum up the crown and anchor: Meh.  I think to enjoy this place you need to be  A) in college and B) have never been to any other pub. Ever.  First off, I expect a pub to serve more than just beer and wine at the bar. To get hard alcohol (ie. Whiskey in my case) you have to sit in the dining area and order food.  Someone cheaped out on a real liquor license and just doesn't care at this point.  Second, the fish + chips I've tried twice here and its completely lackluster. Not worth the hype. It tastes frozen. The chips were mealy, both times. Very middle of the road. Maybe they had a better chef or food distributor a while back when it got voted #1 in Vegas, but there's far better elsewhere.  The jukebox was a little bit crap too. I heard the Police greatest hits for a little too long. Then it was followed by 1990's euro trash techno. Very blah.  On the upside: great atmosphere, great room, nice pool tables. If you're a major beer drinker, then you'll love it. The whiskey drinker in me was disappointed by their liquor policy.
I have been to Crown & Anchor a few times with friends.  I guess I'm just far too old to be drawn into the hype, but I was not impressed.  Perhaps if you just celebrated your 21st birthday and you want to get smashed, this is a good place for you.  I'm not that person, so I just find the droves of college kids annoying.    I didn't take away stars for that preference, though.  I took away stars for the food.  What is everyone so hung up on here?  I've done the whole fish & chips thing plenty of times in my life, and this doesn't even rate with me.  I agree with a previous poster who said that the fish just seemed like it was frozen.  I wasn't that into it.  I guess I'm nuts, because a lot of people swear by the fish here.  However, I've had better.  I've had WAAAAAAY better in other cities, and I've even had better here in Vegas.    The service is slow if you order food.  I do enjoy sitting outside on the patio, but if I'm paying to eat something, I don't wanna feel like I basically paid for the ambiance.
I really like this english pub. It's one of the few ones that serve a raspberry cider around town. They also have an traditional english item called a chip bunty (or butty) which basically is french fries (chips) served inside of a buttered roll. It's hard to look at without laughing but it's an awesome idea. They have a huge selection of draft beers on tap. This place actually has a better menu than the one on Spring Mtn.
We were staying at Bluegreen Club 36 which is very near UNLV and loved the idea of going someplace off the Strip.  We went for dinner on a Wednesday night and it was very popular but we didn't have to wait very long.  The food was good - I love Scotch Eggs and also the chicken and leek pie was delicious! Good choice of beer.  Lots of students but we were weren't the only ones there who weren't.  Fun atmosphere, good service. We'd definitely go back again if we ever return to Vegas.
Ever since my freshman year of college I have driven past this place literally hundreds of times and never gone inside.  It wasn't until my junior year that I went with a few friends to have a drink at this quaint littler tavern, and oh my God was I surprised.  On the outside it seems like a sleepy little pub on the outskirts of London, but on the inside is anything but.  The Establishment is divided into two main sections: a dining room and the bar area.  My friends and I decided to get a bit to eat first and participate in drunken debauchery afterword (Just Kidding (*Wink)).    The dining room had the best of both worlds; the look and feel of an authentic British pub, with four huge Widescreen TVs on each corner of the room, blaring out endless sports center highlights from the day.  The waitresses were dressed in skimpy little outfits and actually knew some of the girls on a personal level from school.  The service was great, but not excellent.  They were very nice to me and my buddies, probably because we were friends, but the service could improve if the hosts and waitresses would treat the other patron with the same level of costumer service.  The best part about his restaurant was the food.  I had Fish and Chips and I have to say that they were the best damn Fish and Chips I have ever had period.  I have been      here many time since then and I swear the food gets better every time.  They also have a huge selection of assorted British beers which I have to admit is pretty damn awesome.  Th food is great, the beer is great, the atmosphere is great, the girls are great, what more could you ask for in a bar?  I rest my case, Go to Crown and Anchor now!
There seems to be some kind of misconception, I believe, that British food is "bland," or otherwise lacking in flavor.  While that may be true in the UK, it certainly isn't the case, here.  I don't get over to this place as much as I would like, and that's MY loss, because every time I dine here, I'm never disappointed.  In fact, a fraternal/social group to which I belong, used to meet here every Friday night, about 10+ years ago.  We had most of the upstairs section to ourselves.  I can recommend almost everything on the menu, as at one time or another, I've sampled most of the fare offered.  I treated a total of 5 of my good friends there on June 13, 2012, and the total price for all 6 of us was under $100, so their charges are certainly reasonable.  But best of all, if I may be permtted a totally MALE observation, I definitely noticed the delightfully (and incredibly) SHORT Scottish kilts being worn by the female servers.  No joking guys, they all have LEGS TO DIE FOR.
Pretty excellent beer selection and good food options.  The food is honestly a bit pricey for what you get, but it part of the cost be being in such a great environment. The outdoor patio is really nice and great for pets. Late night, it's a perfect place to sit out and have a few beers in the warm, dark Vegas air.  I often recommend Crown & Anchor to both locals and tourists as a great place to get your night started or as a stop over on your way to a show.  As it is near the strip, be prepared for out of towners who have been hitting it too hard all day and locals who stop in to feel like they are in a Non-Vegas pub. It can get loud and if the wrong people get a hold of the jukebox, you're screwed.
I am sorry, but I sooooo wanted to like this place.  I mean, what's not to like?  It's a kitschy little bit o'Britain right on Tropicana in the middle of the freaking desert, how can you not like that?  Well, let's just say we stopped by their this afternoon for a wee bit o'food coming back from McCarran and oh my was I disappointed.    Now, there is no doubt they have an excellent selection of draught beers and I quite enjoyed my Belgian wheat beer, but sad to say, the Mrs, had an ice tea and she had to get a Sprite, because the tea tasted like water, yuck!  Anyway on to the food.  Again like another poster mentioned, the fish & chips were just kind of sad.  I mean here we are sitting in the middle of supposedly  Her Majesty's finest establishment expecting British excellence and the fish seemed like something that had been bought at a Costco.    OK, you are right, this is the middle of the Mojave Desert and there ain't no friggin' ocean anywhere near here, but come on, I have had better frozen fish at lots of places that are far from the sea.  Now on to my Ploughman's Lunch.  Oh, how I do like a Ploughman's plate, and to tell the truth they did do a wee bit better here than they do with the fish.  But the bread was dry and almost stale, and  the cheddar cheese tasted like something you'd buy at a supermarket.  Now the Stilton was a nice piece of cheese, though not the best bleu cheese I have had but not the worst either.  The tomato was fresh, but I was a bit expecting the beets to be pickled but they were just cold cooked beat slices.  Service was fine, though nothing spectacular.  The young lass who served us did a good job, but she didn't provide excellent service, it was just kind of a step above adequate.  Again, I really wanted to like the place.  The atmosphere is cool in a corny kind of a way.  I am fond of kitsch, but if you are going for kitsch you also have to provide more than a semi cozy English pub type environment.  You also need to have food that is going to live up to the hype, sadly the Crown & Anchor had the sizzle, but no steak.
Beer! It's my favorite, and Crown & Anchor has a great selection.  Having British grandparents, and a father and uncle who grew up in England, a place like this just feels right.  Fish and Chips are tasty, as well as Cornish pasties!  But I love the giant Yorkshire pudding!  We always had Yorkshire for our Sunday roast beef dinners, and this one taste just like the family recipe. I love the layout, and the outdoor seating option, but I prefer sitting in the bar, near the dart boards, where I can find soccer or rugby on one of the tvs!  Its a great place to gather :)
This place has always been a Vegas staple for me. I used to come here after work every week. The fish and chips are great, jukebox is full of old punk and alternative rock. Bartenders and waitresses are friendly as hell and if you can't find a beer to drink here, you don't want a beer.
Excellent prices and awesome fish n chips! It is located very close to the strip, about five minutes away from the MGM.  We went here on the day of the Queen's Jubilee and they had decorated the place with British flags and pictures of the Queen. Very cool. Best place to go to start out the night. It love how it wasn't rowdy at all and that the service was great. They also have a pool table and darts in the back :) Cool, laid-back atmosphere and good food. What more could you ask for?  If I lived in Vegas, this place would definitely be a staple for me :) I will have to go back the next time I am there!
Pretty good, but there's a reason the Brits aren't known for their food. Great beer selection, good sausage, other food items were standard meat and potatoes selections at OK prices.  Seemed past it's prime a bit, but I think that may have added some charm more than anything.
Terrible! Good piece of fish with tasteless batter, frozen fries,&  peas that must have been cooked at least two days previously. Either the cook was gone, or the reviews have been loaded by friends , relatives, and employees. We cannot believe that this ever got a "best" rating.
I would like to make this clear from the start, we have eaten here a few times and the food is pretty good, as a Brit living in Vegas there are times I get the craving for some good old British food, today was one of those days.  On one of our trips to the UK I introduce the wife to the British Carvery, to give you an idea take a look here : http://www.tobycarvery.co.uk/carvery/  Now, as these are non existent in Vegas, we are left with places that serve a traditional British Sunday Dinner, right, Crown and Anchor it is.  The service is always good here, the wait staff are always friendly and quick....... And let's be honest here, whoever came up with their uniforms, you deserve a medal.  But it is the food we are interested in.  The wife went for the Sunday Dinner with roast beef, I had the Sunday dinner with lamb and beef, both dishes are served with Yorkshire pudding, veg and A roast potato (more on those in a minute), along with this my wife ordered a small house salad.  After a while we had pretty much given up on the salad, no big deal, these things do happen. however, when are meals came out, they each had a house salad on the plate, along with the meat, potatoes, veg, Yorkshire pudding and gravy.....  A pet peeve of mine is when waitstaff know that something isn't right, how a house salad, with gravy even makes it out of the kitchen is beyond me (unless this is the way the owners want it, in which case....WOW).  Anyways, a quick recovery by the lady serving us, my salad which I did not order is gone and my wife has a nice house salad on the side, which would have been better served before the meal came out, but ok, on to the meal itself.  Is it a "traditional British Sunday dinner", well yeah it is, in the same way that as a McDonald's 1/4 pounder is a gourmet burger, all the pieces are correct, it looks right, but there is just something missing.  So let us dissect the meal :  The meats were good, maybe a little thinly sliced, but that happens to be the way I like them, so I was happy, however, putting beef gravy on to lamb just destroys any taste to the meat, if you are going to offer both meats, it's actually better to serve the gravy on the side and let the customer mess it up.  The Yorkshire pudding was good, this is something that normally causes all kinds of issues to those not raised with the darn things, but they were good.  Veg is veg, enough said and ignored.  Now for the real crime on this dish, the roast potato.....This is going to be long, it is a story and a rant.  The Great British Roast Potato, a food that when done right makes a Brit smile and a non Brit wish they had been born a Brit, sounds like exaggeration huh ?   A couple of years ago we were lucky enough to host the family Christmas dinner here, it seemed like half of California showed up, the women folk worked their wonders on the veg, the father in law worked on turkey and prime rib.  Over in a corner of the kitchen the Brit who married into the family was hiding in a cloud of steam, gently giggling to himself, these poor Americans had no idea what was about to hit them. A bag of potatoes had been boiled, cut in half and were now being gently rocked back and forth in a colander.  The women were looking at the wife wondering, WTF did you go and marry this guy for ? And why won't he answer any questions about what he is cooking ?  45 minutes before we are due to eat, the potatoes are placed in the oven, set at 325, basting in a bath of melted lard and drippings. After 15 minutes the oven door is quickly opened, the potatoes are quickly covered with the oil, 15 minutes later the door is again opened and the potatoes are turned over.  So 45 minutes pass, what comes out is a potato that is golden brown on the outside with a crispness to it while inside the potato is light and fluffy.... And totally ignored by everyone ! Heretics !  That is until the father in law becomes brave and decides to try one of these strange things his new son in law has produced.... Or it could of been his daughter kicking him under the table while not so subtly nodding at the bowl of potatoes, but he tries one, then ever so slowly reaches over and grabs the bowl and shovels a bunch of them on to his plate, the family is shocked, the strange new food is a hit with the old man, the Brit sits back with a little smile on his face.  Now the reason for that long story is...... If you are going to serve roast potatoes serve roast potatoes, not two little bits of potato that if I had to guess came out of a bag frozen, were quickly thrown through some oil and then put on a plate and served.  Yes doing it right is time consuming, yes it can be a bit of a pain, but if a chain in the UK can do it day in and day out serving thousands of meals a day,there is no reason why a little restaurant cannot get such an important part of the meal right. For this reason and this reason alone they get marked down, is that mean, well no it's not.
Me love long time.  This is without a doubt my favorite dive bar in all of Vegas.  The bartender is darn friendly and accommodating, and the beer selection is monstrous.  Normally, when I think food at a dive bar, it's more like no thanks, but their food is really great.  While not particularly healthy or gourmet, it's solid, yummy bar grub.    If you're playing, they actually hook it up and take care of you here.  I'm looking forward to coming back soon.
I've been going to the Crown and Anchor for YEARS and have had many fun times there, but lately, it kinda sucks.  First of all, the staff has always been around for years.  I could not go for months, sometimes a year at a time and would always see several familiar faces.  Now, it's like a revolving door of rude staff.  We sat at the bar while this big, buff, rude a-hole was more concerned with chatting up some girls and we waited 20 minutes for him to take our order as we just put $300 in the slot machine.  He looked right at us, so I KNOW he knew we were there.  He finally took our order and then tried to charge us for them.  I didn't want to be a brat about it and bring up the slot comps, so we just paid rather than deal with it.  Then he dissappeared somewhere in the back.  We had to leave and had just hit a jackpot and seriously waited another 15 or so minutes until he came back, and then he shut off the beeping from the machine and walked right over to the girls and ignored us for another 10 minutes while he put a couple hundred dollars in the machines and gambled himself!!!  I had to actually walk to the other side of the bar to ask him if we could please cash out and he finally helped us, but what a douche.  I've actually seen that guy there for a while, and he is probably the only familiar face there anymore.  WHY?  I don't know.  Another customer that was sitting near us said that he usually avoids that guy's shift and said that the place has gone down hill.  Yeah it has.  Completely dead in the place, dirtier than usual, and rudest staff possible.  I'm pissed I spent money in there.  Did it get new owners or something?    I give two stars for my past good times and experiences and some of the girl waitresses and bartenders are quite sweet.  Every dude they hire in that place is a complete prick.  I wish it was how it was a few years ago because it used to be awesome.
Nice place!  I lived in England for a time and developed a taste for British Ales so it is great to find a place that has them on tap here in Vegas.  I had the Sunday dinner special which was excellent.  Bar tenders are friendly.
I love this place. It is right around the corner from my house so it is easy to get to (for me). The food is good, not the greatest, but solid for sure. The place is more run down than it should be, the owner should look into touching it up. But if you are looking for a place with great staff this place is great. The bartenders and servers are so unique that it makes it fun every time. My friends and I go to Karaoke Wednesdays and Dollar PBR Sundays all the time.
The waitress and bartenders are gorgeous and everytime we've come here they have been pretty nice. Oh yeah the food is great too. I want to try the banger's and mash next. Had the cottage pie and it was delish. Just let it cool down a bit before you chow down or you will fuse your upper mouth with the lower and the only tasting you will do will be your firts bite.
Husband ordered chicken curry and I ordered lamb stew in sourdough bread bowl.  Both were delicious.  We will definitely be back for the food.   However, if you are a non-smoker, I suggest you sit outside.  We sat inside and when I got home, my clothes and hair absolutely reeked of smoke.  (I am not a smoker.)  Our waitress was a bit slow but friendly.
Great food and an outdoor patio that's dog friendly.
While I doubt I will find another bar that will best my beloved Frankie's, I will let you know that Crown and Anchor comes close.  From the cozy pub atmosphere to the selection of drafts available, this is a great place to have a date, hang out with a group of friends, or just chill by yourself.  You can even sit out on the patio and bring your pup!    There are 30 beers and ciders on tap and the majority of the selection is great. *Cough cough Miller cough*  Sorry, excuse me.  My personal favorite is Blackthorn Cider.  If you're feeling adventurous you can ask them about their "Down the Hatch" club. (Hint: you get a prize for trying all the drafts.  I've got 29 more to go).    The seats at the bar fill quickly, but there are some tables nearby.  The smoke isn't too bad, but then again, I haven't been there when it's really crowded.  Please don't hate me if you inhale a pack of cigarettes on a Friday night.  And while the bartenders are attentive, they aren't super friendly.  I'm going to go ahead and say it's because they are uncomfortable in the ridiculous outfits they have to wear.  You can order from the menu at the bar which might be a good idea if you plan on having more than a couple pints.  Being British food it's not vegetarian friendly, so keep that in mind, my veg friends.  My husband has ordered the Chip Butty which is literally a French fry sandwich.  He likes it and I like to pick at his leftover chips.  They do offer a veggie burger but I just don't feel right eating it in a pub.  For the non-vegetarians, expect Fish and Chips, Bangers and Mash, and various meat pies.  Please be aware that they have lots of rules about what kind of alcohol you can drink at the bar/restaurant/patio.    Definitely a fun place to stop for a drink!  And it's right next to Pinball Hall of Fame- bonus!  Nikki Jo's Ladies Restroom Review: While it's clean, I don't like this restroom due to the creep-factor.  They leave the window open (I'm guessing for circulation) but it opens up right next to the employee outdoor break area.  I didn't have luck closing it but that's probably more due to the fact that I was a spazz and had a couple ciders already.  Instead, I covered it up as best as I could with my purse.  Regardless of whether or not it's closed, there is only a lace curtain covering the window ready for any perv to look through.  Not cool.
They have british pub food...I mean REAL british pub food. Chip buttys!!!!!! Scotch eggs, lots of beer, and its pretty decent...Its not my favorite watering hole in the area as sometimes the bartenders can be shit heads, and you cannot do shots at the bar?? wtf! But if you are jonesing something greasy and british, like russel brand, then go here
Food was delicious, Staff was attentive and friendly. Nice themed atmosphere.
Huge fan of the Crown & Anchor!  Come here for darts!  Come Here for English Pub Ales on Tap!  Come here for Soccer matches!  Come here for a  Scotch Egg!  You can even come for an English Breakfast or Sunday Dinner...they will both suffice, but I can't truly rave about either.  And you can certainly come with friends for a good time!  The food is solid (Fish & Chips / Pub Style Curry...and I'll mention the Scotch Egg yet again!) but not worth coming here for by itself.  The Beer is mostly English & Irish Favorites...more than the average pub, but not everything a beer snob is looking for...again not a sole reason for the average Joe to come here.  But when you include the British Pub atmosphere, I'm sold!  I want to be in a place that feels different than average Vegas.  I want to play darts a few times a year...so I will return again and again, have a great time, enjoy some food and beer and remember the special nights when the world just seems more right...and I'll do that here in a heartbeat!   A little more attention to their food and I'd be handing out 5 stars with a smile!
I've heard about it for years, but I somehow never made it to the Crown & Anchor British Pub until a couple weeks ago. It's always high on a lot my friend's lists of dive bars along with Frankie's Tiki Room, the Double Down, etc, but those recommendations are typically more for drinks and overall ambiance than food. This is why I was particularly skeptical about this one, even with a few friends swearing by it. Needless to say, I ate it and was more than surprised.  The pub is located on the east side of Tropicana in an iffy area of town, but you're not coming here for the class. The interior is decked out with British-inspired street signs, posters of boats and the like, with the waitresses wearing skimpy kilt outfits. There's also an outdoor patio which I've heard is dog friendly. I was fully expecting an overly loud, smoky bar scene that would have made eating a bit unsavory, but it was surprisingly quiet on the Saturday night we were there. The menu features all sorts of traditional British dishes that I've heard are hard to find at other locations around town. This is all good, but I only really care about burgers for the sake of this review so I'll have to try some of that other wacky stuff on my next visit.  The British Burger on their menu comes with a  1/2 pound patty, bacon, lettuce and tomato and choice of a few cheeses. My burger had great char flavor upon first bite, which carried all the way through. It was cooked a bit more than medium-rare but I was ok with it due to the overall great flavor. It was greasy for the first half, dried up a bit in the second half but was still ok because of the flavor. My bacon wasn't quite as cooked as I would have liked, but it still had decent flavor. The thin onions were good but I still pulled them off as to not overpower the great flavor I was experiencing. The lettuce and tomato were fresh, although the tomato was a little sparse, and the swiss cheese was melted and good as well. The bun was soft, gooey and delicious, and was very well proportioned to meat. Overall this was an excellent burger that I wasn't expecting at all.  While I typically don't care for them, my steak fries were actually really good; they were cooked well for the most part but there were a few soggy ones in there.  My side pickle slices were good too; they never made it onto my burger but I still ate them. At $9.25 with fries this is very reasonably priced; combine that with a beer or three and you're in for a good time. If you're looking for a unique local pub with plenty of drink and food options definitely stop by the Crown & Anchor.
Fish n chips is good...but..... The SERVICE of the waitress is so awful that i cant even leave a tip coz it hurts me.....waitress on daylight bfore 4pm ...so watch her out...
I can't believe I didn't come here earlier.  This is perfect bar atmosphere.  The bar is a solid area, and it has a nice dining area that's carpeted off to the side.  And, the bathrooms were clean.  Granted, I came at lunch time on a Wednesday, but that bears mentioning.  For lunch, I had the famous chicken fingers.  They did not disappoint.  Solid breading, but not greasy or overly thick.  Herbs in the breading was unique.  I wasn't crazy about the fries.  They are your basic thick fries.  I doused them in salt, pepper, and vinegar, but that didn't do much.  I just don't like the huge fries, but in a pub that's what they serve so I should get over it.    The chicken tenders live up to the hype, and the bar was fantastic.  I'll be back.
Dude. The atmosphere of this place is top notch. The food, and drink is excellent. Monday's are all you can eat fish and chips, and it's probably the best in town. They are a great place, if you love watching soccer, you will be in ultimate heaven.
I have repeatedly had the worst service in all of Vegas here. Unless you're sitting at the bar gambling, be prepared to wait: wait to order, wait for your drink, wait for your food, and wait for the bill. This last time wasn't so bad, however the time before that we had to wait for our server to finish taking pictures of herself with some other dude that worked there to get our bill. The food and drink is GREAT (scotch egg is top notch and the tender peas served as a side with many dishes a great comfort food to me), but the consistently poor service has finally eclipsed it. Bummer.
Decent draft selection. Nice "real" place off the strip. Great place to get out of the sun and enjoy a few pints in the afternoon.
This is the undiscovered part of Vegas that should be known. I like the food & the atmosphere. The waitresses are uber sexy and the decor is classic British.  Very good fish & chips done right with a side of peas so the food is home style. Unfortunately, it suffers from a weird layout and it being in a shitty neighborhood. They do offer a British black taxi to pick you up from your hotel or house. Good parking too. Just watch your back & your wallet going in & out due to the crime ridden area its in.  If you're a beer drinker,then you'll like the "Down The Hatch" club which one has to earn to be in.   I do like this place alot & will go there again.
They have two locations that I know of. This one is by UNLV and the other is in China Town (I haven't gone to that one yet).  I love coming here for fish & chips. The slice of cod is huge and it comes with a side of fries and peas. If you're like me and don't like peas, you can have them get you some extra fries instead at no extra charge. The fish is not overly battered, I love the batter though, so I would love to have more of it, but the fish more than makes up for it.   I've also had their chicken tenders, which is your average chicken tenders, but they're pretty good. They're the typical ones you find in the frozen section of your grocery store. At least to me that's what they taste like.   I always get a pint a beer with whatever I'm ordering, unless it's the middle of the day, but I'm here usually at night.   It's a very friendly environment and they have several draft beers and also some bottled ones. This one is close to UNLV and since I'm always at UNLV this is the place I go to when I want some good dinner and a beer nearby before heading home. It's not quiet or loud, but has this nice vibe to it, at least to me. It is a bit dark inside but it gives you the feeling of a real pub.
The burly bartender comped me a free drink because I came inside sick! Horrays!  Until I came here I was giving up on looking for a legitimate UNLV Student hangout. I had the assumption that outside of campus, they either split up to do their own thing or went to Frat and Sorority parties instead.   Almost half the people inside are attending, attended, or will attend UNLV. It's great to hang out with people my age.   Also the atmosphere is somewhat divey, however, not bummish! It is however, British, and it is LEGITIMATELY British because they serve ales that, according to my older brother, is primarily served as favorites in the United Kingdom such as Hoegaarden.   Havn't heard that one have you? Hoegaarden is the predecessor of Blue Moon and dates back by 600 years. It's Belgian White production was restarted in the middle of the 20th Century.   My brother is coming back with his overseas coworkers from the U.K. and he is definitely bringing all of them over here!
Really great little place.  Lovely chips and curry sauce!  Friendly staff, like a true pub as I remember from my time in England.
Crown is the best! Great food and 30 beers on tap. I go here all the time and have had most things on the menu. If you are looking for English food I love the Cornish pasty but if you just want bar food you can't go wrong with the burger. Unlv students get a burger and a beer for $10 on Tuesdays, or every night after midnight for non-students . This is an awesome deal considering you get a huge burger with bacon, cheese, and a big portion of fries. I'd pay at least $12 for the burger alone, the beer is just icing on the cake. Excellent service and a great atmosphere. Patio is great on warm summer nights.
When you are looking for a true pub- this is it!  In Las Vegas, if you get here, you are out of the tourist scene. Things slow down here, the food is good, the beer and scotch list extensive. It's just a down home pub that serves good food.
I usually love coming to this place, the atmosphere is always fantastic and usually the same applies for the food and.service: but today it was leaving. My bangers and mash was so-so, and while our waitress was nice enough, she had no enthusiasm and we waited for her to come and take our check (which needed to be fixed due to a mistake first), for at least 15 minutes. Not sure I'll be making the trip down here again anytime soon.
It had been so long since I had visited Crown and Anchor.  Great ambiance, dimly lit and full of pub style decor.  It was a Saturday night and a friend and I decided to stop for a drink.  We sat at the empty bar and ordered a drink.  The bartender not too friendly which by how busy it was you would think he'd be excited to have some visitors.  Anyways, I was suprised to not see alot of people here.  I love the ambiance.  The best part was we moved our little party outside.  The weather was perfect and it sits right along the side of street where you can watch the cars go by.  Little white lights line the patio-super cool.  I love outdoor seating (sigh)-especially when the weather is good.  I do want to come back and try the food.  I also think it is a good spot to have a party...the ambiance is perfect for bringin in a good group of peeps and they have alot of seating.  See ya soon!
I had a good experience for each time I visited. The staff is friendly and very efficient. The quality of the food is good, and I cannot complain about the prices. I recommend this place for anyone wanting a pub environment or a late night drink.
I have never been to England to see what a real British Pub is like, but I very much hope it is like this one.  For an appetizer, my party shared a "Giant Yorkshire Pudding".  My mother had a British boyfriend when I was young and she made him Yorkshire pudding. This one was better than some I've had, but not as good as "Mom used to make". But since those weren't authentically "Authentic" it's tough to deduct points for it.  They got cold quick, but that was probably because of the "Giantness"   Probably the best Scotch Eggs I've ever had are here. And you can get them cold OR warm (I personally recommend warm).  I also had the Fish and Chips (Since I was going for "The Classic" British Style) and they were good.  Just one fish, but it was a pretty big fillet, so no complaints.  We finished it off with Sticky Toffee Pudding which was great!  Through all of this, the ONE waitress kept on top of a pretty busy place.  Considering she was the only one waiting tables her performance was extraordinary. Though as an understandable side effect, service was a bit slow and a member of the party never got the coffee she ordered with the Pudding.  I wish I was in Vegas more often so I could stop in more often. I do hope to come back the next time I'm in town.  One other side note.. They do have a "Pet Friendly Patio" so you can bring your pet for a meal outside.  (PS: Due to some drunkenness, I checked in twice.  I've only been here once. The second check in is wishful thinking. Unless it is very far in the future and I've been here more than twice.  In which case, subtract one)
Cute place, great fish and chips. 2.5 stars is my real real rating. No comps, super tight poker. We played 150 dollars and paid for beers, lame. Service was rushed and the waitress kissed our asses at the end. The coke was flat in my two rum and cokes. Not a bad place, but not gaming friendly.
Nice beer selection & cheap food.  They have Chimay on draft, however they no longer offer this in the beers that they will comp for players.  We've taken part in their Thursday Night Trivia Challenge twice, but it's rather disappointing due to disorganization and it's impossible to understand the announcer because of faulty audio equipment.
Friendly staff, great selection of beer, and great food. What else could you ask for?
Great beers, good food and fun environment. If you haven't been to the Crown you're missing out!
Carpet has intense odor of beer/other things spilled on it.  If you like microwave frozen food, you'll love it here.  There's something "going on" in this place, like if I found out that there was 400 pounds of marijuana in the basement, it wouldn't surprise me. I think this is a hang out for local residents that are not allowed in casinos.
Cozy bar with lots of English beers on tap. Bartender has a "Locals Only" chip on his shoulder but was gratious and pleasant. Monday night all-you-can-eat Fish N Chips. Good drinking hole for those who prefer Vegas the city, not The Strip.
I like to watch English Premier League soccer here a couple of times a year.  Great beer selection on draft and decent food.  The only drag is that it is a bit dusty in there, but it is not a dive.  I like the bangers and mash, fish and chips, ploughman's lunch, and Sheppard's pie.
Went there on a Saturday night for beers after a day moving with friends. The beer selection is great, and they have a happy hour from 3 to 6. The waitress did not let us know of the special and by the time we realized the special, she reappeared 5 minutes too late. She was, however, nice.  The place feels overall unclean. The good reviews on the walls from past times only added to my impression that the pub is falling apart.   Ambiance was dive-bar like, and they have spotlights instead of regular lights if you like to constantly feel like you're a stage performer.  To top it off, no hard liquor allowed in the gaming areas.  I just feel like the owner stopped trying. A shame as it has great potential.
I had to give 2 stars based on my latest experience.  3 of us stopped by for Saturday morning breakfast at 9:30am today and encountered a lady bartender who could not have been more rude.   The bar/pub had 7 customers - four at two tables and three at bar.  We waited for five minutes to be seated (per the sign) and when she didn't acknowledge us, I asked if we could grab one of the 8-10 empty tables.  She asked us to wait and went on doing paperwork and tidying up behind the bar.  After another 5 minutes we decided to leave.  C&A needs to talk to their staff or get friendlier people.  I gave two stars because I remember how good the food used to be!
The only factor that makes this dive a three for me is that it is a soccer bar. The food is woeful (there is a reason British food is difficult to find: it is terrible), the atmosphere is the definition of dank, it is not comfortable, the service is indifferent, and it should be cheaper for the dive that it is. But it has soccer and a lovely beer selection.
This is my favorite pub anywhere! I grew up in Las Vegas and started coming to the Crown and Anchor in the late 90s for the all you can eat fish and chips.  The food is amazing, but the service is somewhat slow at times.  I have since moved to Los Angeles, but everytime I'm back home to visit, I must make a stop into the Crown and Anchor. Bottom line, great food, good price, fun atmosphere.
My boyfriend and I went to this place for the first time after talking about wanting to go for years. It is a really laid back pub with English decor and nice waitresses. We both ordered onion rings to start and then an order of fish and chips. The onion rings were huge with crispy batter making it the biggest onion rings I've ever seen. The fish and chips were awesome too, just what I expected. The waitress forgot to mention to us before we got the onion rings that Mondays are all you can eat fish and chips day, otherwise we would have eaten more. My boyfriend is a big beer fan and said he liked their beer menu! Overall, I really like this place! Remember, fish and chips are all you can eat on Mondays!!
Great food. Sometimes slow service. Love that they are open 24/7 and service food at all hours. I Read a review about the place falling apart and being unclean. That has not been my  experience. It has always been clean no matter what time I have been in. And in no way comes close to a Divebar feel.  Over all, you need to try it for yourself.
I found this place on Yelp! They were SPOT ON!!! The FIsh and Chips are Crunchy, light and Delicious! I always ask for an extra piece of Fish because one is just not enough for me. If you are a Chicken finger lover-you came to the right place! We eat here at least 2X a month!!!
We have been in twice in the previous month to get a British staple: Fish & Chips.  The first time, we were not told it was AYCE until I saw the sign on our way out. My fish was cooked alright, smallish portions for the price, but not a horrible meal, just a bit overpriced for one serving.  This go around, we ordered the AYCE Fish & Chips and hoped for a filling meal. For over two hours we were at Crown & Anchor, we received our first PIECE of fish, granted, the one piece per plate was fairly substantial. However, it was still just one piece. Shortly after devouring that one piece, my stomach was screaming for more food. It was not until we had been at C&A for over an hour the second piece made its way out. That was it. Two pieces of fish in two hours.   I feel places like this should change the name from "All You Can Eat" to "All We Decide To Serve".  Also, if you are a bar/restaurant... HOW DO YOU RUN OUT OF GLASSES?! The place was not even full and our server apologized multiple times for not being able to bring out drinks in a timely fashion and our friends that wanted a glass of ice to go with their bottled drinks could not have one because, "We're out of glasses." Seriously? There is a serious problem when a bar does not have enough glasses to cover a moderately busy night.
If you are looking for an authentic British pub you found it. Sausage rolls amazing, scotch eggs and fish & chips good. I come here everytime I come to Vegas.
We love coming here once a week with our pit bull Zeus.  They have an outdoor area perfect for dogs that is fenced in.  It's ideal and hard to find in this city.  The service is always great.  My husband loves the chicken fingers and fries.  I love their English Garden Salad.  I have never had a bad meal here.  When we come for breakfast which is served all day, they always bring Zeus some extra bacon and a sausage.  He loves this place.
Great food great beer great atmosphere
Sorry but you are in VEGAS and I have to go to a table and order food to be served liquor? We had just had a great dinner and great drinks elsewhere, decided we wanted to go have a few drinks and some fun. Found this place, went up to the bar ordered a round of Jamisons which we were told we could only have if we had a table and ordered food. Ended up having a round of beer and leaving with a very very unhappy date.
I went there on Friday 10-11-13 around 5 PM.  No one was there to greet and seat.  When we finally were seated, we waited a long time just to get a drink.  Then noticed that a part outside was getting all the attention.  You know how that goes, larger parties, larger tips!!!!  So after waiting nearly 15 minutes for anyone to even come and take our order we left.  This was the worst service I ever experienced, anywhere.  And it wasn't like it was busy or anything.  That should have been a hint right there.  And the menu selection was pretty limited as well.  What British Pub doesn't even have Shepherds Pie for crying out loud.  Don't waste your time.
I've lived in Vegas for 9 years. For some reason, I had not made it over here until recently. I've been to most of the well known dive bars and pubs around town. This place has a solid beer selection. The staff is very friendly. Adam is very cool and makes you feel nice and relaxed. The vibe is always upbeat and chill. The food is very tasty! If I had to complain about anything(it's a small one)...it would be the need for a few more upper end craft beers. They have a solid selection...but with the addition of a few more Belgians or sours and it would be great!
The bartenders are all easy to talk to, and they treat you right. The beer selection is pretty great, and the food is as well. They show Premier League and MLS matches as well as other American leagues. The atmosphere is what really gets me to come in, and everyone is friendly, even the customers. I highly recommend this for anyone looking for an authentic pub atmosphere.
Yay for local bars in Las Vegas!!!  I am a huge fan of the clubs and the crazy business of downtown Las Vegas, but nothing feels better than going back to your roots and just kicking your feet up at a good ol' fashin bar.  The company here is great, none of that gliz-n-glam that sometimes we just need a break from... a huge selection of beer is always a bonus! (big beer drinker).   I have only gone here a few times and the bartender is always the same dude and he seems to remember everyone!!!   Oh, and their food here is great too and at a good price.  ****Will keep returning again and again and again*****
I have lived lifetimes in the place. Great place to take years off your life, it's all worth it. Atmosphere, food, drinks, gambling. Heaven.
I came here when I would go to UNLV, this place is a good place to hang out if you need to kill 2 or more hours in-between classes, they have big screen TVs everywhere and the food isn't that bad.
Stopped by for lunch. It is a small pub. Didn't feel very clean & the chairs had rips in them, the server was working her ass off, she had a huge table she was working on plus us and a few others tables. The wait could have been better. I ordered a coke, it was flat. I ordered the British Burger which I have to say was delicious. Very flavorful & filling. My friend got the pulled pork sliders and she loved them as well. In closing, food is good, service could be better & the dining room could use a little sprucing up.
Arriving here with some friends and relieved I could get off the Strip to some local destinations, I entered a very divey smoke-filled bar. Parking was easy. One portion was a sit down area, while the other area was legitimately a bar with booze, cigarettes, and televisions a plenty.   My friends and I were quickly seated and waited upon by a incredibly friendly staff. Considering it was a Thursday night, we anticipated a heavy college crowd, but were surprised to find it half-full. After a round of drinks, dinner was ordered. My selection was the chicken curry. I ordered as-is and found the dish to be quite kicking. The medium-sized chicken cuts were doused with a thin yellow sauce. The sauce is what made the dish kick. Unable to figure out whether what made it kick outside of any curry taste, I was baffled and prayed that my stomach wouldn't hurt later. It didn't. The dish, while seemingly small for the famished, ended up being very filling. Complemented by chicken tenders, I was very full and quite happy.   Consider this place if you're bored and want to get out of Vegas, and have a dinner with the locals. Without all the shiny, materialistic, commercialized stuff.
As a frequenter of Vegas, this is easily the best local bar in the whole town. I love starting/ending my nights here. With a great selection of beer and a surprisingly tasty menu, I can't get enough of this place. The bartenders are awesome and definitely take care of you. The regulars are friendly. Having not grown up in Vegas and my parents moving there 7 years ago when I was 18, I didn't have any friends when I go to visit them until I discovered Crown & Anchor. My first night there I walked in by myself and met some new friends and a few girls and ended up staying until 10AM full of shots. Awesome time every time. As many times as I try other places, I always just come right back to C&A.
Been looking for good authentic fish and chips. I really enjoyed it. Staff are nice too.
Every few months I go to the eastside Crown & Anchor for fish and chips.  Sometimes it's good, sometimes the fried fish is greasy.  Yesterday I had someone visiting, so I also bought bangers.  The menu said that it came with beans and homemade mashed potatoes.  I love homemade mashed potatoes, and these were not even close to being homemade.  They weren't even close to being potatoes.  They were thin, watery and almost translucent -- like the worst mixture of cheap, non-brand fake instant.  And the beans barely covered the bottom of a container of a size that usually holds a squirt of ketchup.
I loved the food and the atmosphere. The service was great and even though it was loud because it happened to be karaoke night, it was great
My party of six wanted to enjoy the Super Bowl together and were lucky enough to find this gem. Wonderful assortment of beer. Great menu (Don't leave without having the scotch egg) of traditional faire (better add Yorkshire pudding to your order as well), great service -- the skirts rock too! Thanks again! Hopefully this trip and your restaurant becomes tradition.
First time i have ever done this, but i felt like i had to. I was in town for a week and while here looked online for good places to eat. Crown and Anchor showed up so we decided to give it a try. We came in on Monday night for the all you can eat. First off they need to update their prices online, for the amounts are different. To get on with the story though we walked right in and were able to sit down immediately which was nice. The waitress was at our table within 2 min or so and we ordered beverages and our food right away. My friends water was there within 3-5min or so, my coke however took almost 20 min to show up. After that it took another 20 min for our fish (keep in mind this was AYCE so the fish should be ready quick. After getting our fish, i kid you not it was 40 min before our waitress even stopped back needless to say we had been waiting and trying to ask her for fish for 20min at least. We talk to her and fish is there then somehow within only 5 min. It was then another 20 before we see her again and ask for our check. For anyone that took the time to read this, i really hope that we were an exception and nobody else goes through this. The service as a whole sucked. The people on either side sucked (relationship fighting, and a guy talking in a terrible British accent). In whole dinner took around 2 hours. The reason this even gets 1 star is that yes the Fish and Chips were very authentic. I will not be going back, but if you are willing go ahead and give it a try.
The Monday night special, all the fish & chips you can eat. Well, the first delivery is very fresh and perfect in taste. If you order any refills, it's not the same batch. It taste like an obviously frozen piece so only order the regular meal and do not get the all you cannot eat deal. Service is nice and eating outside was great too.
Not the place it used to be. It has turned into a "bro" bar. Now it's a college bar, which makes sense for the location. Still, it used to be better. So sad.
I love the character of this place and AYCE Fish n chips Mondays! good selection of beers and definitely a spot to visit in Vegas. from the old school euro car parked outside to the White House that looks like it came from a fairy tale story but full with alcohol, beer and good food. it's a gaming bar but they have tables to dine in. they also have two dart boards in the back for friendly wagers but the highlight on my visit was the fish n chips. It was moist, flakey and crunchy batter with some steak fries. Rumor has it that they have some of the best chicken fingers so I might try those next visit. Try it out! You won't be dissapointed.
Good beer at amazing prices compared to the Strip.  Very close to the pinball museum.  The bartenders were not friendly at all.    I can now say I have tried a Scotch Egg, and I can also say I will never try it ever again.  Ew.
Went to watch the Rebel game.  We started with chicken fingers - crispy crunchy excellence!  Next up was the Steak and Mushroom Pie. The steak and mushrooms were waiting below the buttery crust in a delicious sauce.  Love the atmosphere at Crown and Anchor.  The service was great even though they were busy for the LV Weekly event.  And with over 30 choices on draught - you can't go wrong!
As stereotypical British pub.  They have all the classics here.  Staffed by women virtually in costume, they were nonetheless very attentive and friendly.  I was unimpressed by the steak and kidney pie, but organ meat is difficult to prepare.  The other dishes at the table were great.  A favorable selection of draft beers was nice, but they were poured in the American style, which takes off points for style. Not a fan of the bar, which has those reprehensible integrated gaming systems, but that is a personal pet-peeve.   All in all, I'd go back with friends if they want a pub night, but not otherwise.
Went here with my wife for lunch and had a great time.  I wanted a british beer so I just told the waitress to surprise me and that she did.  It was excellent.  I ordered the fish and chips and was not disappointed.  HUGE chunks of fish and it was light and flaky and I enjoyed the heck out of it.  My wife on the other had ordered a lamb stew that was very very lamby, and I love lamb but when I tasted it, it made me jerk my head.  I had that lamb smell in my nose so I had to chow down on my fish and vinegar goodness.  It was fun though.
I'm pretty sure they fry food in unicorn piss because it's magical!  All of it - chicken fingers, onion rings, mozzarella sticks, etc. You can go wrong. I had a steak and mushroom pie and the crust was...you guessed it, magical.   Our waitress was Tracy she was super sweet and attentive.
Love this spot, always have a great time going here, sooooo many great beers on tap and love playing darts!!
I HATE GIVING THREE STARS . . . but this place was just average for me.  I was hoping that this place would be bigger than life with lot going on . . . a great staff . . . lots to do . . . and plenty to drink.  Well one out of four gets you three stars, but only because it was the PLENTY TO DRINK . . . service was slow, even though the place was dead . . . I would like to think that there are times when this place really gets rocking . . . I just know if it will ever be when I'm in town.  Return trip possible . . . yes . . . but at this point only because of the drink selection.
Fun bar my local Vegas friends took me to away from the Strip. It was great to go away from the hustle, bustle and tourism and come here. I didn't hear a lick of British while I was here though. Maybe next time.  Service was unbearably slow, although my friends assured me this usually isn't the case so I'll take their word for it.  For both food and beer, the portions are giant. You definitely get your money's worth. I liked the variety of British food, but just wanted some chicken wings. Like I said, huge portion size and number. I had a good 8-9 wings. I was a little disappointed that the sauce came on the side, although it was just hot sauce (and also ranch).  The crowd was lively for a Thursday night, although the television audio wasn't on (because it was college basketball?)
I have been visiting the crown and anchor for 10 years and it never fails to be delicious. I have had everything the menu but I always end up ordering the fish and chips repeatedly. Also, this is one of the only places in town that pours Guinness the proper way. Thanks and I'll be back for at least another 10. Cheers!
Great fish n chips. Very fresh!  The batter is amazing, nice and crunchy. .it left me wanting another order..
Its a cute little british pub with a cute little front patio which is nice on a breezy summer evening. I love to go here while out on a night on the town and stop in for a Pyramid apricot ale along with a scotch egg with some hollandaise sauce. So good!
I had lunch with some friends here for a soccer game a couple months ago.  The atmosphere provides a British/European flavor to it.  I've watched world cup games here before and the world cup watching atmosphere is great.  Service was excellent and the dining room waitress was attentive.  She was nice enough to switch the TV to another Champions League game for us.  I really like the fish and chips.  The only better version I've had is when I ate lunch by the sea in Ireland at a restaurant that made the fish from the morning's catch.  The chicken fingers are at or near the best I've had for that dish in Las Vegas.  The beer selection is excellent and you can get a lot of english beers that are not readily available at other bars in Las Vegas.  This bar is a great place for on-strip tourists to get a flavor of off-strip and a great place for locals.  May want to pass on this bar if you don't like crowds and it is around world cup time (especially an England game or St. Patricks day).
I've been coming here for over 15 years and I just love it! I've even got the Fianc hooked, too! For a great dessert, try the sticky toffee pudding. =)
Have a beer or two or few. Eat delicious fish and chips and practice hitting a bullseye. No betting though, LOL
I'm going to try to write this without sounding too snooty (I lived in the UK for three years). Great atmosphere, plenty of parking, decent prices, an outdoor pet-friendly patio and a zillion interesting imported beers. The fish and chips was okay, however I'd say it's got nothing on the real thing found in the UK (or even New England). Also, I never knew anyone to wear kilts in England (like the waitresses to here); that's a Scottish thing. I'd be interested to try the Sunday afternoon dinner though!
Strike 1 right off the bat their website homepage says $1 pbrs Sunday night. I order one and they tell me its now $2 and the website hasn't been updated. Strike 2- almost 40 minutes later for my food to come out and I watch as the now off duty bartender gets served his food first, this after he ordered his meal 20 minutes after mine. Strike 3 food arrives and I'm given an excuse that there was a large table that ordered before me; there's only 1 other table ordering food in this whole place. The strike is because of course my meal is cold! The bun was toasted a long time ago and since dried out and the chicken tasted of burnt grill and is dried out. The bartender saw my disgust and offered to refire me a new one. Miraculously a new hot fresh sandwich and fries arrived in under 2 minutes and am told oh yea the cook said your original order may not have been right..... The refire is hot, fresh and tasty but unfortunately my rating still stands because of the 3 strikes. I did get an apology and handshake from the bartender on my way and that speaks for a lot but I can't get over all of the above.
Service was very slow. 20 minutes to brew a pot of coffee. Waitress took our order 5 minutes after delivering the coffee. 10 more minutes to deliver our meal. We both ordered fish and chips. Lots of large fries, lots of green peas, small single piece of fish. The fish was mediocre at best. Crispy breading but virtually  tasteless. In fact quite ordinary. We will not return.
Best fish and chips I've eaten. The service was spotty. The place is in a real need for a makeover.
Great spot for lunch with a pint. And they have a doggie friendly patio. I will be bringing Shadow with me next time!
I had lunch here with work folks. Had the bangers and mash and they had fish and chips. Was good with decent service. Only wish I had a beer to wash it down but maybe next time. Noticed several customers with a British accent so that was a good sign.
Being born and raised in England I've had plenty of Sunday roasts so wanted to try this one. We both ordered half beef and lamb. My wife makes great Yorkshire puddings and we have a special pan that makes oversize ones but doesn't compare to the pub ones ( gigantic). For $14 portions were generous, so generous we had enough to heat up later. Not sure about the slow service reviews as our was as good as it gets ( Carra?). I normally drink Bass in pubs but this one didn't quite hit the spot. Blame my taste buds. Switched to a refreshing cider. Would eat and drink here again.
Love me some crown and anchor.   The last 2 times I have been in I get the chicken fingers and fries. These are some of the best chicken fingers around. Really good.   This also a good place to grab a drink and hang out with friends. If you are a soccer fan there almost always seems to be a game on.   If you like fish and chips Monday night is your night. It's all you can eat fish and chips. This are also very good.   Last but not least Thursday night at this location is bad singer night. If you like to karoke than this is the place to be. If you like hearing your favorite song ruined also the place to be.   I am a fan of crown and anchor.
The restaurant was rated by Restaurant.com and Yelp by many people as having the "best fish & chips in Las Vegas," which is in no way the truth.  I ordered the fish and chips, which came with baked beans and "fresh" peas, and my friend ordered a lamb stew with yorkshire pudding.  Sounds tasty, huh?  Keep reading...    Well, the fish was NOT seasoned at all.  Although the crust was crunchy, the cod fillet was drenched in grease.  Next, the baked beans were flavorless and obviously canned.  Finally,  my peas tasted like they were once frozen, but they had an old, dry and starchy taste.  They, too were not seasoned at all.  In the end, if you like fried fish, I would recommend FRESHLY prepared Long John SIlvers to this...OR even visiting the "hole in the wall" in Northtown called Marios Market (MLK/Lake Mead).  The catfish there is AMAZING and made with love.  Now, my friend ordered the lamb stew prepared in a yorkshire pudding bowl.  Would you believe the stew was NOT lamb, but BEEF (my friend is a trained chef...he knows!)  ANYONE who eats lamb can recognise its distinctive, slightly gamey flavor).   And when it arrived at the table in the yorkshire pudding bowl, the stew was cool inside the bowl...as if the "chef" hadn't microwaved it long enough.  Really?!  How long had THAT been sitting around!  Even the yorkshire pudding was soggy and old, like it was made a few days ago.  So, when we informed the waitress that the stew contained beef instead of lamb, she trotted off, frustrated, and returned 15 minutes later and said..."Yep...the chef says it's lamb.  YOU can SAY it's beef all day long...but I'M TELLING you it's lamb."  When I asked her if she had ever eaten lamb before, she responded "No...I don't like stuff like that.  But the chef told me the stew was made with lamb."  Hmmm.  The waitress then grew rude and condescending, as if she was exasperated by our inquiries.  At least she replaced my friend's "lamb" stew with a dry, overcooked steak sandwich, which was again unseasoned.  Some "chef" they have at the Crown & Anchor, huh?!  What's most disappointing about my experience at the Crown & Anchor British Pub was that I'd been wanting to visit this place for some time now.  I love fish and chips, and I've seen theirs touted as being so delicious.  Hogwash!  They must be paying people to post those comments.  I would NEVER go there again...or recommend any friend to do so either.  It was a 2 on a scale of 1-10.  What a waste of time and money.
Best atmosphere in Las Vegas to watch the World Cup and it's awesome that its patio is dog-friendly. Maybe cause I'm not and English-food connoisseur but the food is not my cup-of-tea (pun slightly intended). The beer selection is great. The service is sporadic. Sometimes it's great; sometimes not so much. The blond haired buff dude and the auburn haired lady are some of the worst bartenders I've had. Then again the blond lady bartender with the British or Australian accent is awesome.  Oh, and southern blond cocktail waitress was outstanding. I have a love hate relationship with this bar. It's great at some aspects and not so much at others. I will probably go back but only during soccer events and at-least I know which cocktail waitresses and bartenders are good then I can be a bit choosy. I kind of wish they had some level of service standards so that at a minimum you know that the basics of service are attained.
This is a great spot with lots to offer and good, traditional food and beer. Personally, the beer cocktails tend to have my heart here. And let's not forget about the classic fish and chips. The chicken fingers are pretty tasty too. And if you're into meat pies, there are some good ones here.   The service is always friendly and fairly attentive. Parking can be tight when it's crowded. The bar area is nice. The restaurant area is ho-hum, but not cramped.  They have karaoke one night of the week, trivia one night of the week, etc. So there's always something going on here. While close to UNLV, it's definitely not too much of a college crowd.  I tend to be here more often for lunch than anything else. Lunch here is fab as it's usually practically empty.  All in all, probably the best British pub in Vegas.
Had lunch today.  Fish and chips. Great bar service with a pretty lady with an awesome personality.   Games are good and a very  wide choice of draft beers.  Plenty of tv's.  Love it!
Meh... It's really dark so it makes me suspicious of the food. I remember liking this place... but perhaps I was just drunk. Went there today with some friends to eat dinner and shoot some darts. No flights on any of the darts... so bring your own. The food was too greasy, too much cumin spice and the potatoes where cold, gravy tasted like brown envelope gravy and the peas where cold. I really wish they had good food because I really like the pasties crust. The severs are nice, but the wait time for food was long. Probably not going to come here again. Going to find a better pub for pasties.
I've frequented the Crown & Anchor since I was a college student at UNLV, and it remains to this day one of my favorite bars in Las Vegas. The bartender, Rob, was amazing. He took care of my friend and I, and he was extremely courteous and friendly. Our server Jess was also amazing, providing us with top-notch service.   It was just another fine example of the service I receive at the Crown & Anchor.
Really enjoyed myself here! The staff were very polite and on top of there game. The place was filled with a bunch of people drinking beer and eating food. The wings were pretty good, and the beer prices were reasonable. I would come back for sure.
This place is unique and has a super cool vibe. the owner is from Cornwall, England, accent and all, and seems like a real nice guy, working the ovens with the rest of the employees. the place is long and thin, and pretty small. if you sit at the bar that looks right into the kitchen, do not sit in front of the oven- every time they open the doors you get a blast of hot air. they used to do $3 Irish Car Bombs all the time, but not sure if they still do. a great little date place if you want someplace unique to share an intimate drink.  the pasties are huge and totally filling, though. so if you plan on doing anything after, be wary of eating the whole thing.
"Pasties" sounded, well, how can I say this delicately? Yucky. Since I ate them I had read up on them a bit and understand that they are a traditional British favorite, made of uncooked meats and vegetables baked into a pie shell. But, I still had my doubts...  I hesitantly ordered the Oggie -- my server told me it was the most traditional -- and my Significant Other chose the Lamb and Mint (?). The restaurant had an upscale "vibe" --- entertaining cooks, nice servers, smiling diners, and interesting music on the satellite radio. The prices were very reasonable and the portions HUGE. I can't say I am yet a big fan of pasties, but if you are, this place has a lot going for it.
Why did it take me so long to find this place? It's kind of tucked away on the side of a shopping mall with very little fanfare. If you peek in you may think its just a bar, and indeed, they have a great selection of beer for such a small restaurant. However, it's much better than that. The Pastys--large hot pastries stuffed with meat and/or veggies--are fantastic and come in dozens of traditional and not so traditional varieties, including many vegetarian-friendly versions. Some of these utilize fake meat so something of the taste of some of the traditional meat pastys can be enjoyed by all. Some of the more eclectic pastys have Greek and Indian flavors. They all come fresh baked (you can watch the crew make 'em) too!   For $7, I was nicely filled, and got to people watch the varied crowd and crew of Cornish Pasty, all of whom seemed to enjoy making these unique hot pastries. In fact, they were so busy it was a little hard to get some attention. For example, I waited comically long for my bill to be picked up and charged.   No worries though. I can read my paper or talk to my friend while I enjoy the warm memories of my pasty.
I'm just excited that this place will make a Vegan pasty. You gotta call an hour in advance so that he can make the dough..and he leaves off the eggwash (so yours is a bit different looking than the others) but hey, its a different food in a veg-lacking AZ.  Both of our pasties were somewhat oversalted, so 4 stars for that. However, don't let that deter you. Most food in AZ tastes oversalted so maybe its just me.  I'd say 'not good for groups" (meaning larger than 4) cause the place is kinda small.
Dude, I am like Lil' Jon guest backin up Usher with this place "Yeah, Yeah, Yeah!"  Friends have been telling me this place is fantastic for months, but I think my imagination of this place hindered me...I imagined a dirty beige dining room with blue checkered table cloths, rickety wooden chairs, like, MOM art on the wall, and cutesy crap with bad beer and hot pocket like "treats". Some late times at Time Out led me talking to a lady who works there, who told me of the Vegan Pasty one calls 45 minutes ahead of time. At 2am, with some amber bock, oh man, I was STOKED. I woke up the next morning, counting DOWN THE HOURS till I could dial that number for the vegan goodie. She recognized my voice, and I didnt have internet, so she was sweet enough to list the ingredients-I ended up getting eggplant and a bunch of other veggies.   My companion picked me up, and its on the HARDY side of the University and Hardy, fyi. We walked into a long, kind of dark hallway with small two seaters on the right and a bar on the left. Dude...were we in the right place? This place was SLEEK-black and white decor, clean, hip, I mean, like URBAN chic man, but not pretentious. Since it wasn't too buzy, we did the two-seater and she took our beer order (yummy beer selection-we did miss the happy hour at 5pm, but the prices were still fine), and ran into some friends.   The real star of this story is really the Pasty-I learned I could add some Quorn (the best meat substitute EVA), but that was ok. My food with some sauce was amazingly comforting. Not overly spiced, not overly cooked, loved the taters in it, I mean, there was nothing wrong with it-NOTHING. Like a shephards pie, or a pot pie, or a calzone, who doesn't love a warm fold...? Yeah? Yeah? This is the bomb. AND even though I was starving, I could barely finish it, but I felt perfectly content aftewards and not overstuffed at all.   I even have their sticker on my CELL PHONE to advertise my love for this place-yeah, you heard right. I fucking BLINGED my cellie with Cornish Pasty!
I find this place absolutely delicious, but rarely end up going there when the inevitable conversation arises: "Where do you want to go? I dunno. Where do you want to go?" It is a bit tucked away in a little strip mall, so I'm going to chalk it up to location and not the fact that I typically have the memory of a gnat.  If you've never had a pasty (pronounced pah-stee, unlike the pay-stee nipple adhesives strippers wear), you're missing out on a hearty English Hot Pocket. However, likening it to a Hot Pocket does it a disservice. Hot Pockets consist of cardboard crust filled with nuclear hot goo that causes blisters and cursing, rather than sighs of content and delight. While both are great drunk/hangover food, the Cornish Pasty Co. far surpasses the measly freezer dried Hot Pocket.   While they have flavors that are also available as Hot Pocket varieties (taste test!), my dining partner routinely reminds me that he will shun me for indulge in one of those. Not that it's hard to find at least five different flavors that you could imagine chowing down. I always end up just blurting out my decision at the last minute to end my indecisiveness. They updated the menu recently and it now includes a bunch of flavors that weren't previously available, like carne adovada. Mmm. So if you haven't been here in a while, give it another go and try something new.  For about seven bucks you get a huge, stick-to-your-ribs pastry filled with a wide variety of meats and vegetables. I've never tried the vegetarian choices, but there are quite a few on the menu (about half as many as the non-vegetarian options). Among the traditional pasties, you can't go wrong with the oggie, shepards pie or lamb and mint. I've tried the chicken tikka masala, greek chicken, and lamb vindaloo from the fancy schmancy options and they were just as stellar. The greek salad is also pretty respectable, with a hefty amount of kalamata olives and feta cheese.   Watching the cooks at work is part of the fun at this place, so have a seat at the bar. Just make sure to do so far enough away from the oven that you won't end up dried out like beef jerky at the end of your meal. When you get the bill, there's a cashier near the door that you can cash out at if you're in a hurry, since the servers are a little bit on the slow side. Slow, laid back, whatever.   Their happy hour is also an awesome option to opt for, and is offered every day from 3 to 5 pm. There's a dollar off beers, three dollar Irish car bombs and two dollar top shelf shots (Ketel One vodka, Jameson whiskey, etc.), so if you're looking to spend an afternoon getting stinko and munching on some awesome food, this is the place to be.  UPDATE: I've tried just about every non-veggie pasty on the menu. The salmon trumps them all. Do it.
I'm in LOVE with Cornish Pasty Co!  If you've never had a pasty (pass-tee) before, picture a big pocket made from buttery-flaky crust and filled with your heart's desire!  They have nearly a dozen delicious, vegetarian pasties to choose from!  I love the Veggie Oggie filled with veggie-steak, potatoes, rutabaga and onions.  Mmmmm!  Pre-order 45 minutes before hand and they'll custom make you a vegan one!  My only complaint?  Since the place is so small it can really heat up because of the ovens.  Be prepared, it can get pretty hot in there!
I've been eating at the Cornish Pasty Company since shortly after they opened, and I've been consistently impressed.  Their menu is constantly expanding, and every single pasty I've tried has been amazing.  ALL of them.  There are only a few of the veggie pasties I haven't tried.  Outside of the original and traditional ones, though, the Rosemary Chicken and the Pilgrim have to be my favorites.  There's no need for side dishes or appetizer breads or anything, since every delicious bite you need comes wrapped up neatly in an egg-brushed pastry pocket fresh out of the oven.  It's exactly the right amount of food.  The owner is an extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and cool fella, and he's always looking at ways to make his business better.  He's chosen a great crew to meet the increasing demands of this growing hot spot, since everyone who works there is nice and down-to-earth.  I've never seen a single employee lounging or wasting time there.  What they do really, really well:  (1) All of the FOOD, including the salads and desserts.  (2) The beer selection is incredible, full of tasty imports and domestics both on tap and in bottles.  (3) The prices are excellent.  (4) The decor is sleek and modern, complete with classic rock playing at a quiet yet audible volume.  What they could improve on:  There's very little room for parties of 4.  There's plenty of counter space, a handful of tables for 2, and a custom table for 3 that's kind of neat, but the small area at the back that used to be smaller tables is now one large table.  Parties of 4 now take up the whole area (that could seat up to 8), making it awkward for any other big parties coming in.  Plus, you can't cut through tables to sit on the bench side of the booth anymore.  You have to scoot down the length of the table and then push everyone out again if you have to get up for any reason.  (A very small fault, considering that everything else about the place is incredible!)  Overall, this is one of Tempe's best little restaurants.  Whenever I'm not craving food from a particular location, pasties have become the default food for my whole household.  They're always tasty and we just never get tired of them.  I have to move out of state soon, and of all the places we've eaten in our 10 years here, I will miss the Cornish Pasty Company the most!!!
I couldn't help but think of the Jim Gaffigan "Hot Pocket" jokes when I went to lunch at Cornish Pasty Co. The pasty, the signature dish, is pretty much a gourmet Hot Pocket, which is made from scratch. There's an abundance of pastys you can order from like the Bangers & Mash or Chicken Alfredo. My favorite is The Royale with Cheese (hamburger meat, grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon and cheddar served with a side of ranch, thousand island, ketchup or BBQ sauce).
After hearing about this place for some time I was finally in the neighborhood and thought I would give it a try.  I had heard coworkers raving about this place, none of which live anywhere close to it so I figured it must be worth the drive, and I must say they were right!   The food itself was very good, there are tons of  pasties to choose from (it took me a while to remember it is pronounced "pass-tee" and not "pace-tee".......I'm sure a "pace-tee" can be found at a very different establishment nearby).  Anywhere from Sheppard's Pie, to Mexican, to BBQ, you name it.  I plan on trying a variety of them in the future!  The only downfall is it is VERY small.  Walking in I thought I was going down a hallway to the main seating area, but no.  That was it.  With the bar staring literally directly into the kitchen I didn't see anything gross or something that shouldn't be there, so that was good.  You also feel the heat of the kitchen, with only a few fans here and there to relieve you.  All in all a good "something different", and the prices are reasonable (about $6-$9, $9 being their "premium" selections).
If you are unfamiliar with the pasty, run... don't walk, to the Cornish Pasty Co. to become acquainted. They serve up a couple of dozen varieties of this British dish from the traditional to the more ethnic.   The restaurant is small and dark but that only adds to its charm. Sit at the bar and watch them make magic as they create your pasty in front of you. They have a small beer selection with a handful on tap and a small liquor selection. Bonus: Irish car bombs are $3 at all times.
WOW! so glad you guys found this place.  I go to London  every year and when I'm there I don't pass these things up.  They are soo filling and DELICIOUS!!  The only bad thing about the restaurant was the lack of air conditioning and the kitchen is two feet away from the tables. VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND HOT!  but overall TWO THUMBS UP!!
I love this place. I have met Dean about 6 years ago when he was at Casey Moores, yes it is a small world. He is a great guy and he really took the time to learn his mothers way of making the pasty dough. Good for him for bringing a great piece of England to America.   The size of the place makes it just that much more or a neighborhood joint. The beer selection is great, Boningtons on tap! If you have never tried a Boningtons, try one, now!  The Pastys are awesome, the lamb and rosemary is my favorite. The meatball is by room mates. Irish Car Bombs for $3, I've gotten pissed in there ,more then once.   I know that it is a little hot,but we are in the middle of the desert, deal with it.   Thank you dean for bringing a little British to America.
As if this place needs more high marks.  I used to drive by the place all the time and my so at the time used to joke about Cornish Pastys being what Cornish strippers wore in non nude establishments.  All I can say is yum!  So one day, we took the plunge and stopped by after work.  It's dark but not dank.  Narrow but not crowded.  Tasty but not super fast.  Pasty may not be a good every day staple.  But it sure is tasty!  I have tried at least a half dozen menu items and none have steered me wrong but for the real "flava" I'm gonna recommend you stick with the more traditional stuff.  Otherwise you could just end up eating a calzone in disguise and seriously... who wants to eat a Cornish calzone?  The staff is nice, and friendly.  The vibe is decent and if you like meat (or veggies)  and potatoes (which may technically be a veggie but is class by itself you know) stuffed into delicous bread.  You will feel as if you have died and gone to heaven.  Do not be fooled by cheap imitations! This is not some gussied up hot pocket or some savory pop tart! This is the real deal!  After eating this you'll be ready to go into a coal mine and work for .. well no. That may be stretching the truth.  But the food is really good.  One time, I preordered from this place and got a bunch of parbaked Pasties for a Christmas Eve celebration.  They were a big hit.
This place is near my work so I have come here quite a few times for lunch.  Since it takes about 25 minutes for your pasty to be made I call ahead and tell them what I would like and then it is ready when I get there.  Just a tip for those who do not have a lot of time at lunch.  They also have the option to order them half-baked so you can pick them up on your way home from work and complete the baking at home to have them for dinner.   This place has awesome tasty pasties and they are very affordable need I say more?
First things first: Don't pronounce "pasty" to rhyme with those things strippers use to cover their nipples (um, or so I've heard...). It's pronounced "pass-tee."   Pasties are a traditional lunch food for miners from Cornwall in the UK. They go back hundreds of years, and you can read the menu to learn all about that. Dean, the founder, head chef and all-around professor of pasties, will be happy to add even more, being the good Cornish lad he is.   Now, there are a bunch of things I like about CoPaCo. First, the pasties range from the traditional to the totally off-the-wall. The recipes are so varied, from the Royal with Cheese to the Lamb Vindaloo and the Lovely Bit of Salmon, that I can't even pick a favorite. If I go there 10 different times, I'll eat ten different pasties. They're hand-made each day, including the dough. The kitchen crew at this place proves humans built the pyramids - these guys work their tales off keeping the pasties coming, and they make Amish barn raisers look lazy.  Second, it's just a fun place. There's usually good, hard rock 'n' roll playing over the sound system. It's a place where you can have some ribald antics and loud laughter and nobody cares. It's laid-back and unpretentious. The staff is courteous, though they can get a bit harried during the busy hours. But they'll always try their hardest and be friendly.  Third, there are some great desserts. The bonofee pie (graham cracker crust, whipped cream, bananas, caramel!) is my favorite.  What could be better? Eh, I'd ditch the taps that disgorge Kronenburg 1664 and Hoegaarden and drop in a fewer higher-octane brews. In the meantime, the cooler is full of bottled selections. The Skull Splitter is awesome!  Keep in mind that even though I gave it five stars, this is not a fancy, high-falutin' sort of place. It's absolutely perfect for what it is: a fun place to gather with your hooligan sidekicks, eat creative twists on the Cornish pasty and listen to some rock music. Brilliant!
Wicked good food, very convenient, great beer selection.  What's good here?  It's more like what's not good here?  Nothing comes to mind, honest.  The one thing the food is not, though, is light, though they do have salads, if you're concerned.  But then you'd miss out on that excellent buttery pasty dough.  fyi...pasties (pronounced pass-tees) are calzone-like meals, with much richer dough and almost anything you can imagine inside.  There's a huge vegetarian selection too.
This place has some pretty damn good food, it's different than anything else out there, and it's definitely worth going back, but I gave this place a few tries and I think it could use a little something.  Specifically, both times I visited, I didn't like the dirty countertop (sticky, yuck!) or the dirty wine glasses hanging in front of me. And I didn't like having to either speak up or wait an extra ten minutes every time I wanted to order, get my check, or get my change on each visit. I even see people acknowledge the shitty service in their 5-star reviews and I don't quite get it.  It was damn tasty though.
Five stars for Cornish Pasty -- for being something a little different, for having tasty food AND for having about a dozen choices for us vegetarians. I LOVE that this place offers their pasties with Quorn (fake chicken). I've had both the Veggie Rosemary Chicken and the Veggie Tikka Masala with it and they are both awesome. Yes, it's loud, sometimes it's dirty and sometimes the service is slow -- but I'll gladly put up with that for a taste of their pasties. Also, Cornish Pasty is a great place to take out-of-towners -- they love it!
I have a small history with pasties.  Having close friends that have been eating pasties since before Christ was born + hanging around said friends for 20 years = a small history with pasties.  I recently heard about this place on Yelp and every time I saw the name, I managed to over and over mis-read it as pastry.  My only defense is that I keep getting those forwards from folks that say it doesn't matter the order of the letters or even if all of them are there, you're brain will figure it out anyway.  i guess this time my brain figured wrong.  I digress...  It never occurred to me that this little known dish would have it's own establishment run in its honor.  Of course, once I finally clued in that it was pasty and not pastry and stopped acting like someone hopped up on pills, I naturally invited my pasty-lovin' friends to share in the experience.  They too were elated at the variety of pasty options and the fact this was the restaurant's purpose and specialty.  An added bonus is how f'n cheap it is.  Talk about a steal!  This place was packed!  Someone said to get there before 8 or 830, but it was 7 and overflowin'.  We managed to fit 5 of us in the awkward geometrical booth built for 3.  My two pasty veterans ordered the Oggie with ketchup since that's what they grew up on (minus the rutabaga).  They both liked it, but thought it was a little spicy due to the rutabaga and the fact they are both ridiculously sensitive to spice induced heat.  One of their sig others ordered a chicken pasty of some sort which he thought was just okay.  The other +1 and I had the shepherd's pie and there wasn't a crumb to be found on either plate.    Our waitress seemed completely unfriendly and a little standoff-ish.    She warmed up as the meal progressed, chatted with us, and she ended up being a great waitress.  One of the guys drinks diet coke like he's in some sort of contest.  After he downed the first one in record time and the waitress gave him a curious "you need a refill already" look, he warned her that he drinks a lot of diet coke and will be gettin' a lot of refills.  About two minutes later she came back with a pitcher so he could refill till his thirst is content.  Rock star move on her part.  We all left full, happy, and ready for the next phase of the evening.  I'll definitely be back again - maybe even for lunch since I work relatively close.  Just remember pasty, not pastry.  Yum!
If you ever had 3 days of meetings in different cities each day, spending more time at the airports than the hotels, you will discover that you can end up eating non stop because food is available everywhere...at the meetings, at the hotel, in your luggage.... and you  eat sometimes just to pass the time.   At the end of the 3rd day, I had seen enough food to feed the LSU National champion football team.  I could out fast Les or Bear on their survivor shows  Dinner time was approaching.....My business associate and I couldn't face a full course dinner for at least another 24 hours...but we knew we had to eat something so we wouldnt wake up at 3 am famished.  I remembers reading about this place in Yelp that would be perfect for our situation....so remembering some favorable Yelp reviews in Phoenix  I said to him:  "How about pastys for dinner?"  He went from a relaxed and carefree disposition to a stunned and shocked demeanor.   He looked me like I was from another planet and his glance indicated doubt about my integrity.   Then with a delayed but dry smile he spoke up and said....  "Aren't those things they wear at the....."  "NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!    Not pasties......pastys."   I retorted quickly before the people in the lobby heard the next nouns he was just about to utter.   "Pasty's with a short vowel, not long.   Have you ever had one.?"  Still thinking of the long vowel version, he hesitated a little and answered with a "No" veiled with a lot of doubt and concern.  "Good.   That's where we're going."    As I glanced over to him, I could see a sense of curiousity, dispair and expectation of upcoming chaos.  We arrived at 7:45 pm.   It's dark everywhere.   In the street, in the parking lot.   We enter the restaurant and it's no brighter.     It is a very narrow and long restaurant with just enough room for seats at the bar nearly the length of the store and small side tables on the side.  The interior decoration theme is obvious here.   Build the biggest bar that would fit in this row house type of store, and accessorize the rest of the restaurant around the bar.    Sitting in a very dark restaurant, with Beatle music blaring away, this English pub type of place had a huge variety of pastys....from traditional steak and potatoes, to bangers and mash, to more contempory selections that include vegetarian, curries, and fish.   They have a huge selection of international beers, many of which are of the UK......duhhh.  I wanted to eat "light" so I selected the Lovely Bit a Salmon which is Atlantic Salmon in a white wine cream & dill sauce, sauted asparagus, spinach, roasted red potatoes, spinach and roasted tomatoes.   WHAT A GREAT DISH.   Everything was layered carefully inside the pasty which was served cut in half.  The salmon was cooked perfectly.  The asparagus was not over cooked but had a crunch.   All the flavors blended well together.   I still wasn't hungry so I took one half of it back to the hotel....and had it for breakfast the following morning......which tasted just great.  My buddy had Spicy Asiago Chicken which was spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies, and Mexican stewed tomatoes with a side of sour cream & salsa.   That too was excellent.  If ever in Phoenix, this would be worth any drive to have lunch or dinner and a beer.  After dinner I asked him if he would return to eat here and he said he readily would.    Then I detected a slight pause and a curl of a smile in the background.........maybe he was fantasizing buying a long vowel...
Yum!  Despite enduring the inevitable pasty v. pastee conversations (with my own party as well as the one that sat next to us), I have nothing but kind words for Cornish Pasty Co.    My Pepper Steak Pasty was delicious with Stilton blue cheese, zucchini, leeks, and big chunks of steak.  All of my favorite flavors in a nice, cute little package!  Boddington's on tap!   Please, tell me, when are you coming to San Francisco?
I went to this place for the first time today and I loved it! The restaurant was so cute, and the food was delicious! This way the first pasty I've ever had and it was great. The service was fantastic, our waitress was actually british so that definitely helped. I hadn't heard of the place before but it was really crowded. I will definitely be going back here multiple times
Although I won't be given a 5 star review, I would easily say that the Cornish Pasty in it's own special way fits in my top 3 restaurants I've been too in Phoenix.  I had never tasted pasties before until meeting my girlfriend and had doubts as to the potential quality of "British" food but I was truly blown away and have always left happy and never dissatisfied with my meal. It's hard to not stick to your favorites (the pesto chicken) I've personally also enjoyed the Shepherd's pie and chicken Alfredo as well. They also have a decent list of import beers which caps off the experience.  Meal aside though, in terms of the complete experience, meal, atmosphere, waiters,etc, that is were it loses it's one star. First off the location isn't very big...and they only have one location (this is a positive...but at the same time, just like Pita Jungle, with it's many locations and consistent quality, I would love to see another one arrive and I know this is the case soon). Secondly, and it's nearly impossible to avoid due to the size of the restaurant and the proximity to the kitchen, the place can get a bit hot and stuffy. But otherwise, whether a resident or a visitor wanting to try a "recommended" place, I would put my money on Cornish Pasty for a very delicious and filling meal.
Nice.  So I tried my first pasty today, and damn is was good.  I had the Shepard's Pie which was filled with meat, peas, carrots, and potatoes all covered in cheese and then stuffed in a flaky crust. They have many different kinds (about 25) so I guess I need to go back 24 more times or so.  They also have really a really good beer selection but I would rather drink all day at a place like Casey's Moore's and then stumble down here for the food.  Minus one star for not being around when I went to ASU and lived just down the street from this place, I could have biked home from the bars with a pasty in my hand.
FOOD: I don't know why Cornish Pasty is listed as British food. Most of the choices of pasties are not British at all. For those of you who don't know what a pasty is, it's basically a baked pastry case filled with your choice of ingredients. Very much resembles a pie. Pasties are the only item on the menu but there are a wide variety of flavors. I had the Oggy, and it was enjoyable mostly because it was different than most foods I eat for lunch or have even tried before (and it seemed the most British). The ingredients are not amazing, but overall it was a good lunch. Dip your pasty in ketchup so it isn't so dry.   PRICE: The pasties are kinda expensive for what you get. A pasty will run for about $8-9 without any sides. The pasties aren't very large, but will be enough for a lunch.   SERVICE: We were served by a nice girl, and the lunch went very smoothly.   ATMOSPHERE: Very thin dining area. Only one table can sit 3 people, the rest are bar stools and 2 person tables. Didn't really seem British with the metal rock playing in the kitchen either. Maybe if it was the Sex Pistols...  SKINNY: Cornish Pasty is great lunch spot at best, but doesn't offer anything that will blow your socks off. Interesting food with decent taste. I'll probably be going back.
Small restaurant that serves all kinds of British pasties. Takes a while to get served though but the pasties are great. You can choose so many kinds. Don't take a big group here since it's a small place. Too bad there isn't another one in the Valley besides Tempe.
These pasties are huge.  I mean they're bigger than Janet Jackson's breasts, and they are a steal at $7 or so.   So for value, quality and portions this is probably among your best bets in Tempe.  Punk rock and British pub grub are predictable and go together like PB&J, but Cornish Pasty is probably one of the more distinctive restaurants in the Valley for its niche of pasties in a quick service restaurant/diner setting.  My buddy was in town visiting and staying in Tempe wanted something unique for the area.  Given that he's used to Mexican, I opted for Cornish Pasty since it was nearby.  My friend couldn't finish his Oggie, with steak, potato, onion & rutabaga, but I couldn't resist polishing off the Cajun, blackened chicken breast, bacon, ham and swiss, served with an addictive side of chipotle sauce.  Spicy, but not overwhelming, but a bit on the greasy side as a warning.   The beer selection here is admirable, and had we not had to go back to work for the man that day, we would have certainly indulged.  Kronenbourg, Boddington's and Strongbow on tap, plus your expected hipster brews available by the bottle: Chimay and Rogue among them. The setting looks diner-ish with its long narrow strip mall set-up and open kitchen.  The atmosphere here is dark and weathered, but not dumpy.    The difficulty here is deciding on a pasty.  I could have easily gone for a meat and cheese, a Mexican pasty, or chicken tikka masala. Luckily, our server was very knowledgeable about the different pasties as we couldn't make up our mind, so his recommendations were well taken.
AWESOME PLACE!  For vegans, vegetarians or meat-eaters, this is definitely the place to go if you want hearty food, a good cider (or beer) and a hip place to eat!  (Call ahead if you're vegan so they can make your pasty up fresh w/out the butter.)  The taste...well, to die for.  I've had both the meat and the veg pasties and I haven't found a bad one yet.  Usually I can only eat one pasty...but if you starve up for a bit beforehand and have enough room, the desserts are awesome too.    The ambiance of this place rocks!  Black and silver, British-pub nostalgia is the theme, and you'll find that the waiters are cool, hip people and the staff, busy busy busy right in front of you cooking up the next batch of pasties. So, if you come alone, no worries...prepare to be entertained by the huge staff working in the kitchen (which is right across the bar from you).  Alone, with friends or even w/the kids, there's something for everyone here...there's even a yummy peanut butter and jelly pasty for those picky kids (or discerning adults ready for dessert)!!
The food here is amazing! Before going the first time I didn't understand the idea but now I love it. My favorite is probably the traditional but the Royal with Cheese is damn good too! The service is great but it is just a bit small. They are opening a second location soon and I heard it has much more space!
This place is great!! I have taken several people and everyone has loved it. Vegetarians as well as meat eaters all enjoy Cornish Pasty Company. There is a ton of choices, even if you are not feeling the pasty have the side of mashed potato's there are great as well.
It rules, I love the Hoegaarden as well as the the salmon, and Lamb Vindaloo pasties.  This is probably my favorite restaurant in Tempe.  There is one really good pasty but I'm keeping it a secret.
Ok, so I just tried this place after reading all the good reviews.  Like someone mentioned before, the Lovely Bit O Salmon is awesome.  Of course I didn't get that, but my coworker did and it made me jealous!  I got the Spicy Asiago Chicken and although it was really good, it was nothing like the taste I had of the salmon pasty.  I will have to get that salmony creamy goodness next time.   These things will fill you up.  I felt like I needed a nap after my pasty lunch!
Located in a strip mall center, a small place that has a long, dark bar and a few tables lining the walls. The Pasty may not look like much but that is because all the effort is spent preparing the delicious pockets of heaven. You can sit at the bar and watch them make the pasties right in front of you using all fresh ingredients. A few of my favorites are the bangers and mash served with red wine gravy and the carne adovada served with salsa and sour cream. They have just as many vegetarian options and use the brand Quorn which is great, I have had quite a few of their veggie patsies and they are all delicious. This place is small so not recommended for big groups and if you go during lunch expect a wait - and trust me the wait is worth it!
I love Cornish Pasty....a more traditional Arizona fare simply does not exist in Tempe. When I bite into an Oggie, I imagine all the "Cousin Jacks" in the mines from Bisbee to Jerome eating their pasty and leaving the arsenic tainted crumbs to pacify the "knockers."  Dean, a native Cornishman, has blessed Tempe with the perfect belly filling fare for students, workmen, and tourist. His gourmet twist on the classics with curry and vindaloo will satiate the most hard-pleased epicure.   Have a pint and a pasty soon, and see what you have been missing.
What's a pasty? G-d-like predesessor of the hot pocket! CPC is a great place for carnivores, omnivores, and veggies alike (probably vegans as well). They offer a huge menu ranging from Indian- inspired pasties to more traditional English versions. It's difficult, but save room for desert! There have been many stressful nights when all I wanted was to trade my periodic table and graphing calculator in for one of their apple caramel pasties. I have also heard wonderful things about the Strawberry Pavlova and the Banoffee Pie.
I went here yesterday after finding it on Yelp.  It was just great.  In addition to a wonderful pasty, the atmosphere was very cool.  The staff was very friendly and service was great too.  I wish we had one in San Antonio!
I need to confirm that the Cornish Pasty Company is a pocket of heavenly yum yum. My husband got himself a peppered steak, I grabbed a salmon asparagus pocket and my daughter snagged a meats and cheese version. Expect to sit alongside your mates and clip your bag to the bar as the place is truly tiny. Husband also got a light ale.  Right away they wanted to take the order, but the menu is a fun adventure and as a first visit I really wanted to read all the selections. My family was starving so they just couldn't wait for me to meander over the varieties and the waitress was really eager to get moving. She said take your time, but she stood right there and so, I did feel a bit rushed. As a result I didn't order a side salad which I think would have made me happier. I was wondering if the Pasty was going to be enough, was it going to be soggy or burnt, was the crust going to be doughy or dry?  I mean I'm naturally a skeptical critic, why else would I Yelp? But my Pasty was perfect. It was not greasy, it was flaky but firm in the right parts, it wasn't burnt anywhere it was divine. My Pasty was not chock full of air pockets it was chock full of filling. My daughter could only eat half (she's 9) but the adults were perfectly satisfied without being bloated. I could bring my veggie friends/family here too. I knocked a star off because despite being not too busy we waited and waited to close out our check. She was too fast taking the order, and too slow to close us out. We didn't get to order any dessert because of our long wait with empty plates. Despite the unevenness of the service no one was rude or unpleasant and the pocket was so good we'll come back.  Next time I'm going to have the Reuben stuffed in there, my daughter wants to try the meatball and my husband just might have a Pilgrim (Thanksgiving in your hands! Lovely!) I know everyone can find a Pasty that they would like to eat here and I encourage you to go! Update: We did go back and have the above selections and I got a Chicken Tikka salad to share. Fabulous! I enjoyed the second visit even more. The Pilgrim is undeniably yum, the Reuben was chockfull of flavor, the meatball delighted my daughter but was so-so for me. The Indian spiced chicken was so tasty I wish they made it into a Pasty too. They do Lamb Vindaloo, so why not? I still recommend this place and will likely return a thrid time... so yummy.
We were visiting Arizona from CA and wanted to have the highest rated yelp restaurant in Tempe!  Cornish Pasty came up and it did not fall short of its reputation!  It's just heavenly!  The staff is extremely friendly and the food is incomparable!  I got the Pesto Chicken and it was so scrumptious!  The pocket was the right temperature and tenderness, and the filling was juicy.  My husband tried the Salmon with all the rave reviews on yelp, and it was so tasty!  The salad was fresh-loved the olives and cherry tomatoes.  The wait, however, was a bit long (maybe b/c the smell was too good so it felt really long to us.)  Highly recommended!
When people talk about heaven on earth, be aware...they are discussing the Cornish Pasty Co.  This place is A-MA-ZING...oh yes, it must be sounded out.  I had friends in town from San Fransisco and they surfed Yelp to find a good place to eat in Phoenix...Cornish Pasty Co sounded awesome...and totally lived up to our expectations.  So much so that after eating there one night, we returned the night after for another round!  We sampled quite a few things from their menu...the Royale with Cheese was badass, the Chicken Alfredo pleasant, the Cajun wickedly delicious and spicy...and don't forget the Pilgrim, which is like having Thanksgiving bundled up and delivered to you in a wonderfully delicious pasty package.  AND the portions are big enough that you can eat half and be full, so the goodness can be enjoyed as a heated up lunch the next day!  BUT WAIT, THERE IS MORE!  We couldn't resist dessert...  Night One:  Banoffee Pie.  Thick layer of graham cracker, wickedly thick layer of RICH caramel, a spattering of banana slices and then fresh whipped cream.  FREAKIN AWESOME.  AND IT GETS EVEN BETTER!!!!  Night Two:  Peanut Butter and Jelly Pasty.  Imagine amazing pastry smothered in chunky peanut butter, drizzled with raspberry jelly and encasing bananas...now top that with some more pastry, more jelly and whipped cream...not the sickening sweet shit that comes in cans...fresh, cool awesomeness disguised as a white blob.  THIS is the amazing Peanut Butter and Jelly Pasty...God's gift to man.    My advice...SEEK OUT CORNISH PASTY CO, ALL YE FOOD LOVERS!!!  You will NOT be disappointed.
Is it damning with faint praise to  say it's the best restaurant of its type when there's no analog within the city?      Until now  most of my experience with the pasties, or bridies as we called a  very similar dish In Scotland, has been uniformly  bad in the USA.  E.g  every  British theme pub has one on the menu  and seem to share the  same supplier.  This was so much better than I had hoped.  That they had draft cider too was  even better , a rarity in AZ, but perfect sense given the origin of the pasty in the English  West Country. Should have been Scrumpy ,a man can dream can't he?   The complaints about them not being traditional fillings is , well, odd. There wasn't a lot of variety in the UK diet,  less so on the working class end. So   On to the food.   Everything about the decor,  waiting time and suitability for groups is true.  Staff are friendly and  frankly it's nice to be left alone   rather than constant hovering.   Onto the food. Pastry  rocks,  they've nailed it.   It supports the  contents right to the last.     Fillings I had the Lamb Vindaloo which was close, but, but missing a sharpness/ e.g  vinegar, that I usually look for but it was still really good.  Dipping sauce complements it nicely.  My wife had the banger's and mash  version with  a red wine sauce.  Again  pretty good.   So why  four stars?    Many comments here have mentioned a lack of sensitivity  with regards to the flavors/ herbs and the thyme was   way overused on the bangers/mash gravy and it's  a shame as you could taste what they were trying to get at. Additionally the price may seem like a little on the high side ( would be  daily)  but  think about what you have paid for every processed , gray meat  excuse, of a pasty  and just smile.    Worth  working your way through the menu.
Good eats--if you order the right one! There are tons of pasties (like a calzone in a pastry crust) to choose from, but go with the rosemary chicken or the thanksgiving (is that the name? turkey, stuffing, cranberries, you get the picture) and you won't be disappointed. Save room for dessert, though, as the banofee pie is amazing (graham cracker crust coated with a thick layer of caramel, covered in mounds of house-made whipped cream and topped with bananas). YUM!
I finally made it here after promising myself forever that I would try this place.  I have to say, I liked it!  Upon entering, the place was pretty small and narrow.  It's almost like a long hallway.  To the left, theres bar seating, with some really high chairs-thats where I sat.  To the right, against the wall, theres some tables for two lined down the side.  In the back, there seems to be a set of larger tables for bigger parties.  The place is kind of drab and dark.  Not what I had expected.  Dark tile, dimly lit.  The kitchen area is immediately behind the bar, and you can watch the people work as they make your food.   The staff here seems to be a younger crowd, early 20's.  Kind of hippie-ish, but in a good way.  They all seem to work really well together.  I kind of got a student feel when I was in there.  When I sat at the bar, I was greeted immediately by a really nice guy, who offered me a menu and asked if I needed any help.  The menu is really large, with a nice variety of pasties to choose from.  I got the Philly steak pastie, and it was really good!  I think they make it fresh when you order, which I loved.  The servings here are large, and I was unable to finish my entire pastie, so please remember that when ordering.  Aside from a minimal wait, I had a decent experience.  I didn't care for the dark n drab decor, but overall, it was a good experience.
This place is great! I took my mom before a play and we didn't experience any of the slow service that others mentioned. The food was unique and tasty. We each picked a pasty of our choice and then split the mushy peas and roasted potatoes. Top it off with tapped hard cider and I was in oral heaven.  There was far too much food for two people to eat in one sitting. These little sandwiches are deceptively filling. And the incredible number of options from which to select from is a little mind boggling. My suggestion would be just to settle on one and then figure on a few return visits to round out the list.  Tables are tight, so this is definitely not a place to take the whole posse, but that's not a huge down-grade. The music is fairly loud and as I mentioned, I was there early, so I can only imagine that it must get really loud when the place is full. Amazingly, mom commented that she liked the music (who knew she was a Green Day fan) and thought the atmosphere was charming (not how I would have described it, but clearly its a place that is even parent friendly). She already has picked out her next two choices for return visits...  A couple of things that really stood out to me: 1) You can get the Oggie (the basic pasty) partially cooked for a buck less than the menu price - then take it home and finish off the baking for that fresh out of the oven taste - very cool. 2) If you want desert, you have to order it first or share food, because there is no way to finish everything - sammie and side - and still want for more. 3) I've spent a lot of time in the mother land and don't remember the food every being this flavorful... but who really cares, this is good eats and did I mention the tapped hard cider?? (takes me to my happy place)!  This is a great unique food alternative for the down town Tempe area.
I love this place. If your looking for a good English treat, this is the place to go. The food is phenomenal and the atmosphere is fun. My favorite pic is "The Pilgrim", which has Turkey, stuffing, sweet potatoes, and comes with a side of cranberry sauce. My husband, who is a vegetarian always gets the vegetarian Shepard's Pie, which he loves.  The only two things that I think could be improved on is the inside of the restaurant is hot hot hot in the summer (better air conditioning). And, there could be more space (it's pretty cramped) for seating. Especially if there is more than 2 people in your party.
To review or not to review, that's the question I've been struggling with. With 50 reviews already, what more could little ol' me possibly add? Absolutely nothing, I knew.  But then, today turned out to be a special day... I was trapped - back to back meetings from early morning through late afternoon with no time for lunch. Fortunately for me a good friend but obviously not as hardworking co-worker on her way out the door offered to bring me something back. Where was she going? Pasty!!! She just needed to know what I wanted, of course. So I checked the Pasty to go menu hanging from the bars of my cell - oops - I mean the wall of my cube, and to my surprise discovered that this wasn't going to be just another Pasty... Being the quasi-vegetarian I am, I've been slowly working my way through their vegetarian menu (more than 10 delicious options, including my favorite eggplant parmesan), and there was only one left - the Veggie Tikka Masala. My 11th and final vegetarian pasty - quite the momentous occasion, don't you think?  It was while I was savoring the perfect mix of fake chicken, bell pepper and basmati rice in tikka masala sauce wrapped in that soft chewy crust, dipped in that rich mint-yogurt dressing that I realized, 50 reviews be damned. Something new to say or not, I've got to say it. So for what's it's worth, this is it.  So, in conclusion: If you haven't been to Pasty yet, you need to go - soon. Come on, man - 50 reviews with a 4 1/2 star average rating? This place so obviously rocks! One tip: if you go for lunch, go early (they open at 11). It gets pretty busy and takes longer the later and busier it gets. Going early is also recommended if there are more than 2 in your party - there are only a couple of tables that fit 3 or more (otherwise you'll be sittin' at separate tables, or at the bar - oh, and should you find yourself headed for the bar, try not to sit directly in front of the one of the ovens, as those seats get pretty freakin' warm).
Always good, and definitely filling for even the most bottomless of stomachs. The owner knows exactly what we want in a pasty...lamb vindaloo? Yes! Rosemary chicken? Please! Hamburger, cheese, and grilled onions? Oh my...I think I'm in pasty heaven!  Other plusses: delicious British brews on tap, big-big salads, and hooks for your backpack or purse at the bar. The lighting is forgiving if you've just had a typical ASU night...and if it's been a little too typical, you can take your pasty home, with handy heating instructions from the friendly pasty people.
I love this place as much as I love the English accent.  Cornish Pasty is moved beyond expectation by its consistent vision of, quality products, fresh food and employees that love the food so much one can taste it.   What else can a yelper ask from this location.  Its hard to find location but once you know its always a debat, Cheba Hut or Cornish Pasty, sometimes it depends what I did earlier in the day.     Its so hard to give 5 stars out but this place deserves it, I can't deny the whole experience and the restaurants dedication to food.   I also heard they have a great deal for Irish Car bombs.
I'm sure not  a lot more can be said that hasn't been already in previous reviews but I just had to add my two cents and say this place is wonderful and I'm glad I got back to the Chandler area on a visit so I could have the fortunate experience of eating here (I learned about it on Yelp in San Diego).  I was introduced to pasties on my trip to Michigan last November and had them a few times there and I will tell  you the one I had here was way better than any I had there!  Perfect crust, perfect mixture inside--I just wish I lived near, or that they would open a branch in San Diego area!  I got the lamb and mint pastie and it had a mild but distinct lamb flavor (sometimes I order lamb dishes that just taste like beef so I appreciated this) mixed with the veggies and mint.  Very Delicious.  I would have loved to try a dessert but I was too full and had no frig in my motel to take leftovers back to. The waiters and waitresses were all very friendly, too.  I will definitely add this to my list of must-go places for the next visit!
Mmmmm, I like this place. First off, it's a small restaurant that feels more like a bar. My friend and I showed up, each ordered Hoegaarden draught and analyzed the menu. The choices were staggering. We decided to order a traditional and vegetarian pasty--and split them. The pasties are huge, the fillings are fresh and tasty. If you sit at the bar, you will see them preparing and baking your order while you watch. They have extra HP sauce on order (one of my favorite condiments in the universe), if you wish to dip your pasty into tangy deliciousness. All in all, I'll be back for more. Definitely.
Well I've still got my socks in case you were wondering.  I ordered the Rosemary Chicken which was Marinated chicken breast, roasted red potatoes, brie, roasted red peppers and fresh rosemary. Served with a side of mustard cream sauce. (see pics)  I'll just call this like I see it, so don't Hate, Glorified Hot Pocket Anyone??  It wasn't bad at all but it wasn't the Great and Powerful OZ either. I thought it was just OK. I wish it would have been hotter also, Maybe that would have made the difference?    We even decided on the Strawberry Pavlova for dessert which is Homemade meringue shells, strawberries, kiwi & fresh whipped cream, Finished with raspberry coul. (see pics)  UGH! That was just plain awful......over ripened and flavorless kiwi, zero sugar whip cream and stale meringue all at a tad above room temperature. (and we were still charged for it)  Despite the fact that upon leaving I said I couldn't care whether or not I ever ate here again........I probably will give it another try because I really wanted it to be better than it was.    Maybe it would be better if I got them to go and baked them at home?  I still don't think it was great enough to have a line out the door, You'd think they were baking 100 dollar bills into these things or something.
Delicious!  When I first discovered this place, I came thrice in a week.  However, how good your experience is depends hugely on the pasty you order.  The original Oggie and the Vindaloo are truly fantastic; the Oggie tastes just like (better?) than the pasties I've had in England, and the Vindaloo is like my uncle's curry stuffed into delicious flaky crust.  A-mazing... and these will keep you full all day.  The service is great; even today during lunch, my friend and I never went more than fifteen minutes without being asked if we needed a refill or anything else, which was refreshing.    Highly recommended!
Hail the Pasty.  This place rocks so much I can't even put it into words.  It is definitely one of the places in the entire valley that I recommend to travelers.  Everything is made right there, in front of you almost.  Their selection is vast and pretty much everything is awesome... I suggest the Reuben.  Desserts are good, check out the banofee pie.  Hoegaarden on tap plus others, and the kicker $3 car bombs all day everyday.   We have a winner.  This spot is legit!
I've died and gone to Cornish Pasty Heaven.   I ordered The Pilgrim: turkey, sweet potatoes, onions, stuffing. Yum. It came with a side of cranberry sauce. It was very, very tasty. I'm a sucker for bread, and these carbs were damn fine. My lunch pal had the Chicken Pesto and remarked it was some of the best chicken he's ever had. I see his point, since the fowl in my pasty was perfectly prepared.  I told our friendly server about Yelp. She had never heard of it, but I said she should check it out - that Cornish Pasty Co. has some outstanding reviews. She said she would be sure to let the owners know. Then she let us know they are opening up another location soon that is family-friendly, with plans for a 3rd in a couple years. Mo' Pasty = Mo' Betta'   Cornish Pasty, I will be back! You have quite the beer selection, including 3 sizes on draft to choose from... including Rogue's Hazelnut Brown! Not to mention alot of bottles.   Yep. I'm coming back soon. Among the Cornish Pasty Cornucopia, i want to find my pasty prize - the one pasty choice that is like a sexy sweet nothing whispered in my ear. You know the type - the it's-so-wrong-it's-so-right type, the just-got-to-have-it type, the sensory-overload type... Ah, yes. I want a carbtastic pasty prize, full of satisfying flavors that melt in my mouth and tickle my tongue!
Simply brilliant.  I didn't think I frequent this place that much, but the waitresses know my drink and order, which is outstanding customer service.  The food and atmosphere is what I expect of a eating establishment.  Can't wait for the new place.
Lookin for a new lunch spot today decided I would check this place out after reading some great reviews. Doesnt look like much from the outside, but inside I wasnt disappointed. Got there early enough didnt have to wait, sat at the bar and had a very tasty Lamb and Mint Pasty.    I will definatly go here again - maybe for happy hr so i can enjoy a good beer with my pasty!! :)
How do they make the pastry so English!? It's true, just one bite can transport you back to Blighty. I don't go for thre silly pasties (Chicken Tikka, Jalapeno etc) but instead opt for the Shepherds Pie or Lamb and Mint. I come here for one reason, nostaligic English comfort food and my god they deliver. The mushy peas are out of a can but that fine I like them too! If I lived nearer I fear for my liver as I would sit around all afternoon drinking the draft 1664 ... tempting but scary! This place is straight out of the top drawer but I have to ask what's taking them so long to open the second location on Dobson (or thereabouts)?
Okay. I'm angry.  -1 Star (For being cross)  Food is simply not supposed to be this savory, this delicious, this damn fine.  - 1 Star (Cornish Pasty is too good)  Meat/gravy/vegis that comes wrapped in a golden crust is simply not legal. I had something called the "Cottage Pasty".  -1 Star (Golden crust legality issue)  I noticed that on the menu, there was no chance that they'd make Pasty boxing gloves for me to wear, and punch my own face with this delectable treat. This is a problem for me, as I'd like to have their food around my face in greater quantities.  - 1 Star (No Pasty boxing gloves on menu.)  I feel that dark wizards got together to create this unnatural feast. It must be unholy food, as these pasties should not be this desirable and fabulous.  - 1 Star (Dark magics and too tasty ingredients)  However, if this establishment were to ever disappear from my locality, I would throw myself off of the tallest castle that I could find, while yelling "for the PASTY!!!!!".  +5 Stars (Please never stop.)
neh.  nothing special 2 me.  they have a good beer selection and many different pasties.  that's about it.  not so awesome service, and i was told that the waitress was their regular waitress, hilarious.    if u like stuff wrapped in pie dough and baked, go 4 it.  this stuff is too dry 4 me, but i do know sum people who like comin here 2 drink their huge cups of beer and eat pasties (that prob only taste decent cuz they're gettin tipsy).
Me and a few buddys went here last weekend after Oktoberfest and I gota say it was even better the second time around!! I had the Lamb Vindaloo, which was VERY spicey... which required more beer.  It was the first time my buddies had been here and all of them really enjoyed their food.
Tried their Chicken Greek. It was tasty. But, it didn't wow me. Why didn't it wow me? Is my wow-o-meter broken? Shouldn't the pasty wow me? I mean, this place has got some serious fans. And I totally dig this place. But, again, I wasn't wowed by the pasty. And I really think I should have been.   I need to go during happy hour, when I can pair my pasty with a Rogue Hazelnut Brown.
As long as you don't mind a bit of a wait, this place is great. The chicken tiki masala is to die for. The staff is super courteous. They have a ton of different craft beers (a huge plus) and 3 dollar Irish carbombs. Perfect Friday night dinner. Just don't attempt to come with more than 4 people... you will never get a seat together.
A refreshing change from the endless chain restaurants and mall-food that reigns supreme in Phoenix.  There's a distinct pub vibe but also the feeling you're getting something extra.  An wow, are the pastries everything we've heard about.  There's a large variety to choose from...the crust was brown & buttery, and the inside was perfectly cooked to the core.  We had the Rosemary Chicken and the Chicken Tikka Masala, both were excellent.  So grab yourself a pint and a pasty and you're set!
WOW!  I come to the Phoenix area every once in a while on business.  This week I'm here for two days and decided to go out to lunch with a local friend of mine, and consulted Yelp for some advice.  The Cornish Pasty Company was shown as about a mile from my hotel, very good ratings, with a good beer selection... sounded like a great place!  We drove back and forth on University Avenue about five times before we found it!  Since the sign isn't visible from University it wasn't immediately obvious  where it was.  In fact, when we finally found the strip mall that the restaurant was in by matching the address, we STILL were scratching our heads as to where the restaurant was.  Finally I suggested we check around the corner and voila, we found it.  MAN OH MAN was the food delicous!  And Strongbow Cider on tap -- one of my favorites!  I wish I had discovered this place a couple of years ago when I had a long term assignment in Phoenix.  Now I'll only get to eat here a couple of times a year.  Boo!  I wonder how many meals at the Cornish Pasty Company I can fit into a 2-day visit??
This hole in the wall, filled up the hole in my stomach.   BTW pasties are HUGE, but never the less I managed to put one down with one of their delicious beer. The quint little place serves some of the best calzone style food. Would not recommend calling it calzone while you are there. You can pick through a list of ~25 different kinds of pasties, which just makes me go back and back.   The Pilgrim.What great combination of ingredients, it's like thanksgiving in a large covered shell.
Is it a bar! It's a restaurant! It's Cornish Pasty Company! Dum do de dum.  The music is superb. Elvis Costello anyone? Yes please. The beer selection while I didn't partake this trip is A+.The food....yes!  I met the lovely Sarah G. here and loudly remarked on her review point of a pasty being "a glorified hot pocket" just as our waitress came by. Oops.  English accent? Check.  As stated a brazilian times the chicken tiki masala is tops. They come split in half so Sarah and I traded halves and I also got to try the pilgrim. Definitely amped my excitement for turkey day. both selections were tops.  I want to go here and drink and eat like a king one night.   Sarah changed her tune and decided it was definitely better than her last trip and even grabbed a few uncooked to feed the family that night. How cool is that?
OK this place is geared for a younger crowd, but I am allways treated very well, I noticed in an earlier post it was said you may have to wait for food, I will say not any longer then any other good food place and the wait is worth it. This place rocks for food not a fan of the music but the food overpowers it.
OK OK, so I gave it another try and you know what, I'm convinced that it is actually pretty damn good!   The key is....order your pasty well done or extra hot or whatever you want to say. I even heard another guest sitting behind me ask for theirs cooked extra hot!   So this time I ordered the Pilgrim....Turkey, Stuffing,Sweet Potatoes and grilled onions served with a side of their Bomb-Diggety Red Wine Gravy and cranberry sauce. (see pics) LOVED IT!!!!  I'm craving it!  I ended up splitting with Nathan S. and also got to try his Chicken Tikka Masala (see pics) which tasted very much like real authentic CTM.....although I did feel it was a bit spicy for my taste I liked it and the yogurt sauce helped cut the spice.   So that being said I ordered 2 Pasty's to go to bake at home and let me tell you that is the ticket! The hotter they are the better they taste!!  The Fam agreed they were a hit and once again Super Mom saves the day!   P.S.  Strangely enough there was no mention of our dessert???? NATHAN? I'll let you take care of that. I guess you didn't like it?
OK, I need to stop Yelping around meal times, because every time I do I crave whatever I'm yelping on about and my  packed lunch never quite satisfies me.   So now I am of course hankering for a delicious cornish pasty from the Cornish Pasty Co.  I hail from the land of Prince Charlie, bad teeth and crap weather (a.k.a. England) and cor blimey guv'nor these pasties are where it's at.  Boring ole me always opts for the original (although I have branched out and tried a few variations..the salmon, pork/apple/sage, sausage & mash..you get the idea) and it is ALWAYS good.  The pastry is perfection..golden, crispy and definitely the real deal.  I prefer to eat my pasty with a bit of tomato ketchup instead of the gravy they offer and a nice chilly pint.  My only wish would be that they get some supplies of malt vinegar in...a splash of this on your mushy peas and life is good.  AND their second location, which they say will open Dec. 8th, is even closer to home.  Bring on the pasty people!!!
Cornish Pasty is a pretty amazing place.  I don't like how the building is kind of a shotgun, which is a bit picky but whatever, the food is great.  I'm vegetarian and they have fake chicken and a whole vegetarian menu that has the same amazing dishes that they have for meat eaters.  And by dishes I mean pasties.    Ok, so while the Pasties are basically hot pockets, they are really quite a full meal.  I've been more than once, and each time the food and service (people have talked about lax service, which I haven't ever seen) have been amazing.  It's super delicious and it feels neat to be eating something so historic.
Went here with Amanda B. and loved the food. I had a traditional pasty and Amanda gerously offered me a taste of her Mexican flavor inspired pasty. Both had excellent flavors and the pasty pastry bread was so flakey and buttery. Just like ones I used to grab from the local lunch stops in every town around the UK next to a metro station. And yes, the service is slow, but the price, taste and size of the meal all makes up for it.
Ate here a few times since 2004.  Haven't been in many, many months.  Love all but one of the pasties I've tried, thus far.  Great to know that you can call ahead to custom-order!  Also, you may call ahead and have your order started so that it's ready by the time you arrive!  (It took one of my pasties 50 minutes' preparation and cook time from phone call to my table!)  Best to order a few and share!  Keep in mind, one of these pasties could contain up to 1200 calories or more!  One word: BUTTER.    Vegan pasties are also available, but you must call ahead to have them made.
Those little suckers are filling.  They kinda sit like a loving brick in your gut which is why I don't frequent this place for lunch much unless I want to nap.  They have a pretty extensive list of "pasties" available, including quite a few vegetarian options.  They all come with dipping sauce.  The crust is to die for.  Service is good. Prompt and attentive.  Good Ice tea of the "tropical" variety.  Brewed.  They serve alcohol although I've never had as I've only been during lunch.  Upbeat atmosphere.  Good tunes.  What can I say, I'm a fan.
The first time I had a pasty was while I was in Bath, not far from Stonehenge. Fast forward a few years, I'm told of Cornish Pasty Co. Dang, these things are the best! I typically call in my order and by the time I arrive (10-15 mins.) it is all ready for me to take home. Oddly, I usually do this on days when I'm hurting from a terrible hangover. Their menu, which is available online, has so many options and they all seem freaking incredible. However, when I'm hungover I usually want something very filling and comforting. So the very first pasty I called in was a shepherd's pie, then I'm asked if I want lamb (a true shepherd's pie) or beef (a cottage pie). Lamb, of course! It was so delicious it's the only one I've ever gotten. I just can't seem to bring myself to deviate and that's not really like me, especially when everyone raves about all the others. Someday. I'll surely be going back, maybe one day I'll actually eat there and enjoy the ambiance and maybe, just maybe I'll try something new. This place rocks! The service is great and they're all so friendly!
Much like their fare, this place looks pretty unassuming on the outside but on the inside is filled with yummy goodness. I'll admit I was a little put off when I first walked up to the door of this place because it seemed just like a college bar or something and I expected something a little different. The friendliness of the wait staff and comfy and casual atmosphere of this place won me over pretty quickly though. After reading reviews here I decided to order the chicken tikka masala and that did not disappoint. My brother got their original with steak and potatoes and he loved that as well. Those little things are really filling. I came in ravenously hungry thinking I would have room in my stomach after finishing the whole thing, but after half I was already satiated.
Small venue, but mighty food. Great place!
Cornish Pasty if you were a woman I would take you out and treat you right. I would send you flowers and write you love notes. I want you to bear my children and grow old with me. CP call me sometime I miss you everyday we are apart.
This is an interesting place worth the trip to Tempe. OK food, OK tap, OK service. OK atmosphere. Been back three times so far and will go back again.
Really?  Because it doesn't get any better than this.  For what it is and for what it's worth this place is truly unique.  A slight step up from a hole in the wall type of place, this quaint spot serves up good, tasty, and satisfying food hot from the kitchen.  What is a pasty?  A pasty's history can be associated with the tin miners in England.  The story goes that these miners were covered head to toe in dust and other nasty stuff and would eat these calzone like dishes as a means to have nourishment without the need to return to the surface.  Supposedly, the miners were able to eat the pastry like food by holding onto the "handles" and when done, discard the tainted remains into the mine thereby appeasing the spirits that haunted the mines.  At the Cornish Pasty Co. I can first hand recommend the Chicken Pesto.  Very good flavoring and filling.  Or you can go with the more traditional route with beef, potatoes, and swede.  The sauces that come with your pasty are there to accent the flavors and are highly recommend to try as well.  Pros * Good food * Originality * Portions * Customer service * Coat hooks at the bar  Cons * Small interior
When I saw the name "Cornish Pasty" I immediately felt like I needed a peasant dress and a goose following me around in order to visit this establishment. Boy was I wrong; I fit right in with my ripped jeans, straight bangs and tattoos!! The people at this place rawk. (yes, I actually typed the word "rawk")  Anywho, this place is absolutely amazing. They have a whole entire page of veggie creations that make me salivate just thinking about them! I have had the Veggie Mexican (by far the best IMO), the potato and onion and the cottage somethingorother... and oh brother, I loved them all.  I think that the small dining space, worn seats at the bar and the fact that you can see your food being prepared adds to the experience.  My only complaint is that it takes a bit to get your food, but they fill your drinks while you are waiting, so I can deal with it.   They also have Irish Car Bombs. Very cool. Very, very cool.
Cornwall native Dean Thomas had a major hit when he deciced to open The Cornish Pasty Company in Tempe, AZ. A wonderful collection of made from scratch pasties (say "Pass-Tee"), unique desserts and some of the best examples of the brewers arts to be found anywhere on this side of the pond.  Lunch or dinner will cost you less than $10.00 (without the beer) and the variety is a bit staggering. From the traditional Oggie with beef, onions, potatoes and rutabaga with a lovely red wine gravy, to the adventurous Lamb Vindaloo with basmati rice, potatoes, lamb and a wonderfully spicy vindaloo sauce all of Dean's creations are worth trying.  We have been visiting this hidden wonder for a couple of years now and have tried most of the items on the menu. (Except for the vegetarian pasties which we just have not gotten to yet.) It is nearly impossible for me to pick a favorite, they are all that good!  If you enjoy beer then Dean's selections will please you. Not a drab, tasteless lager in the bunch! Hoegaarden on draught as well as Guiness, Harp and Strongbow Cider plus a few others to keep a beer lover happy for a long time.  The current location is quite small however and it's proximity to ASU guarantees a packed house on Friday and Saturday nights. Happily, Dean is opening a second location in Mesa on Doson Rd. and Guadalupe Rd. that will not only be larger but has a more open environment as well. Opening has been announced for Saturday, January 17th 2009 and you can bet we'll be there.  Take the time to find The Cornish Pasty Co. you will come back again and again!
Frickin' unbelievably awesome.  I want to go back every week until I've tried every single variation.  I had the carne adovada pasty.  Delicious, spicy, meaty... mmmm!  My man had the lamb vidaloo, and that was equally spicy and soooo tasty.  I got the banana carmel graham dessert thing too.  OMG!!!  So freakin' great.  Awesome.  Unbelievable.  Not sure I did the crampdness of the place, we ordered our stuff to-go and will probably go this route in the future.  Yum.Yum.Yum.
I have only been to Cornish Pasty twice but both times it was fantastic. The first time I shared their signature pasty, the Oggie, and the second time I got one the Veggie Spicy Asiago. The Veggie one was so awesome I ate the whole damn thing and that's a lot of food!! They also have an awesome beer selection. The only semi drawback is that they take awhile to make.
Oh. 97 reviews. Guess it's not a secret. Well, I'm sure they all read about the same. I've eaten there 3 times, and that's about 8 not enough. If you want something different, this is it. Oggie is good, the Cajun was great. I wanna try many others.
Ive eaten three times here. No more unless Im looking for mediocre food. All three different pasties Ive had were far from flavorful. The last one (carne adovado) was downright dreadful. Pork was bone dry and nothing but heat from chiles as flavor.  Never been impressed by their novelty food. Instead of cooking one type of food real well they serve a so so mishmash of cuisines. But people find it good cause its in hot pockets.
I didn't even know this place existed since it's tucked on the side of its complex.  However, upon entering I was pleasantly surprised. It's fairly small with the bar on one side and booths on the other but it's full of big, loud, and alternative personalities. The music they play is awesome and the workers are all really cool.  The food is awesomely comforting and filling. The amount of vegetarian pasties they offer is incredible. The veggie pesto chicken is extremely flavorful, the eggplant parmesan is chocked full of various delicious veggies like zucchinis, broccoli, spinach, etc., and the veggie mexican is an awesome take on a typical breakfast burrito. The portions are always huge and I always leave extremely happy on my overall experience.
I want to give the Cornish Pasty Company another star, but I can't quite do it...  The pasties I order are REALLY good... They have a fine beer selection (including Mickey's Big-Mouths) and a few cocktail options... Most of the sides and desserts are pretty solid.  I tend to stick with and very much enjoy the more traditional pasties like The Oggie, and the Cottage Pie (OK, OK... I love the Royale with Cheese, too). However, some of the "premium" pasties like the Pesto Chicken and the Salmon pasty are a bit funky to me.   Even that, I can write off to personal preference.  What really keeps the CPC from getting another star or two is the restaurant itself.   It's a long, narrow space, 75% of which is divided by a bar. Seating is along the wall or at the bar, with a few larger tables in the back.   On the other side of the bar from the customers is where ALL of the restaurant operations take place; cooking, cleaning, prep, and bar. If one is sitting at the bar, this intersection of consumption with infrastructure is often a bit too much like watching sausage being made.   I don't really expect a fine dining experience at a place like the Cornish Pasty, but I really don't need to hear the dishes crashing into the sink and i don't need to see all the potential for cross-contamination (food preparation right next to the dirty dishes and raw meat right next to the beer glasses).   My worst experience was arriving late and sitting at the bar while they were cleaning the "kitchen" area and still serving food. It was really noisy, the refrigerator light kept blinding me, and the smell of cleaning chemicals was so strong that it made it impossible for me to even think about enjoying the pasty. I walked out after about 4 bites...  I've wanted to go back several times, because I do enjoy the food and beer options, and finally went back last Friday. The food was as good as it's ever been but the environment will still make me think 2 or 3 times before heading back.  Maybe I'll just have to take advantage of their take-out and stop at Tops liquor on my way home for the Hoegaarden...
I am writing all the way from San Francisco because of my terriffic cravings for the absolutely most delicious Cornish Pasties anywhere!  First of all, what a great value! Each of these pasties is rightly proportioned for me for two meals. I have a Guinness or sometimes a Stella and I am as full as can be! The other half makes a great surprise for a good friend or lunch tomorrow, and they only cost about ten bucks.  My favorite thing on this menu is the Shepherd's Pie Pasty, and this is coming from someone who always hated Shepherd's Pie as a kid! Inside of this delicious golden crust there is seasoned ground beef, browned onions, garlic mashed potatoes and what tastes like tilamook medium cheddar. These guys serve it up with a side of what they call "red wine gravy", but it tastes like a borderlaise to me -deep and beefy with plenty of thyme.   If I could eat anything everyday without ever getting fat, this place makes the short list!  *mwah* belissima!  Oh and I really liked the Carne Adovada Pasty with the sour cream on the side too!
This place is good, but not nearly as good as my friend said it was. Basically it is just a really good hot pocket...
Love the food here.  The narrow galley style eatery can have a wait if going during prime dinner time.  Love the Thanksgiving themed pasty.
In Short: Good food and beer at a reasonable price, and a quirky atmosphere.  I've been there several times in the past year, and I must profess that peering into the place for the very first time, I was quite skeptical.  Restaurant has a an interesting design, reminiscent of a large hall way.  Once you walk in there's a bar to the left and booths to the right and the place had a friendly neighborhood vibe to it.  The menu is decent with a variety old old world and new pasties.  The staff was friendly and order taking was prompt.  Although it did take longer than anticipated to actually get food, but I imagine that's because they don't have things pre-made.  The food was quite flavorful and the proportions were adequate.  The stuffing was moist and the outside crust was just the right amount of crispiness.  I usually try out the pasty's with lamb and none have disappointed me so far.  Overall, a great place to have beer and pasties, I will visit again to try out their more curious concoctions.
It is some of the tastiest and most original food you will find in the area.  And also it is highly addictive, so be careful.  They have a well-developed vegetarian menu, and for those who eat meat there are even more choices.  I also love that there are a few dessert versions of the pasty as well, the bonoffee pie is mouth euphoria.  Quite a hipster place though, and seating is mostly only for parties of 2 or 3.  And also, don't expect to get top notch attentive service, because a lot of the servers will be busy just hanging out.  But the food basically makes up for all the bad.
What can I say this place rocks! Great food and $3 car bombs all day every day!
Wowwwwwww, definitely coming back for more! Sure, it comes off as hole-in-the-wall, dark, and a little sketchy, but don't be afraid! Great beer and heaven stuffed in buttery, flaky crusts awaits you beyond Cornish's doors. Staff was generally not too friendly, but one of the many dudes with huge plugs is cool.   Come with a group of people so you can enjoy dessert. I almost died eating two pasty's by myself.
I really like this place.  They seriously need a bigger restaurant though.  It's so hard to get a group of people over 3 or  more in there.
I have lived down the street from this place for almost 5 years and have driven by hundreds of times and not given it a second thought.  I would have never considered this place (because of its location and I had never heard about it before) if it weren't for my fiance who had read a review and decided that we should give it a try.  To my amazement, this place is actually very cool!  I can't think of another place like it anywhere.  I have tried about 4 or 5 of their pasties and they have all been excellent.  I can only describe them as "calzones filled with awesomeness".  There has to be at least 15 different ones to choose from and they are all probably very tasty.  I cannot vouch for how healthy the things are, but they are very good.  At about 7ish dollars for a pasty they are a good value because they fill you up quite nicely.  With my meal, I usually get a salad (their dressing is amazing), the mashed peas and the roasted potatoes.  Sometimes I can't help but have one (or more) of their $3 Irish car bombs.  The salad, peas and potatoes are enough to share with 2-3 people, but keep the car bombs for yourself!  My only complaint about this place is the seating.  If you have a party of 3 or more you just shouldn't go there.  Not only is the place tiny, the tables are only for 2 people.  I think they only have 1 or 2 tables that can accommodate more.  There is a bar area and that is where I dine because the tables are usually filled.  Our new thing is to pre-order a few pasties.  They have them ready in just a few minutes, you pick them up, then pop them in your own oven.  This way we don't have to worry about seating.    Also, the service there is always friendly and fast, but always a bit frenzied because the place is always so busy.
I decided to visit, persuaded by all the yelp reviews. This was my first time attending this facility.  I was immediately confronted to see if I needed help sitting or with a menu.   To make a long story short, all the positive Yelp reviews are spot on.  I had the Spicy Veggie Asiago and I nearly creamed myself with joy.    I am a picky m*ther fu*ker when it comes to my food, but I was very pleased in every aspect.  GO EAT HERE NOW!
Ok so I don't know whom I should be exactly pissed at here...   Yelp....my neighbors....citysearch....  HOW HAVE I NOT FOUND OUT ABOUT THIS PLACE?????  Okay Yelp, I can't be mad at you because your little mobile application showed me what was close to me for lunch when I was down in Tempe at the Japanese market buying some Echigo beer which I discovered while at Yasu.  Amazing, simply amazing, I saw the outside of this place and was like, "well here we go, another smokey pub filled with old timers"  But as I passed through the front door I felt as if I had been magically transported to somewhere back east, a hustling bar with employees shouting orders and pressing fine pasterys and a decor that would make even Gordon Ramsay proud.  I had the traditional being that I've never had a "patsy" before and it was simply amazing, beef, potatoes and a red wine gravy that made my mouth go, um what the hell just happened?   They have a huge variety and it was really cool to see one of the kitchen members sitting next to me trying out one of the new recipes and critiquing on it.....huge brownie points in my book..   Best part, 10 bucks for lunch including a 3 dollar tip. SCREW YOU ECONOMY! I'll be back for sure!!!
i've seriously had hot pockets that tasted better than the pastie i got here last night. i ordered the royale, and i don't know if it was the mushrooms, or the seasoning they use on the burger, but something was off and it left a yucky taste in my mouth for hours after i ate it.  i am a very picky eater, and the pastes cannot be modified. most of them (90%) contain onions or some other strange vegetable that i don't like so it's really not a good place to go unless you like a ton of shit thrown in a pastie. i think it's too much sometimes. the mashed potatoes were dry and not very garlic-y whatsoever.  our waiter was an asshole. i ordered a black and tan with strongbow and a nut ale and he informed me that they wouldn't be good together. refusing to take some douchebag's advice, i ordered it anyways and it was delicious. he didn't care to check on our table at all throughout our meal, and no waters were brought to the table...halfway through we got switched to a very nice young lady. i didn't mind the set up of the bar, it was very english pub-like and actually enjoyed the atmosphere. the beer selection is impressive.  i was disappointed after all of the great yelp reviews, i was expected to be blown away by these delicious little tasty treats - unfortunately they just didn't get it right this time.
Is there a limit on the number of good reviews one restaurant can get? Well, let's test that theory! Yes, Cornish Pasty really is good. Yes, this location is REALLY LOUD (but fun)!! Don't bring your date for an intimate meal, especially if s/he's a bit on the hard of hearing side.   Thus far, I have tried both the Chicken Pot Pie pasty and the Cottage Pie pasty (the ground beef version of Shepherd's Pie). The Chicken Pot Pie pasty was just alright, but the Cottage Pie version was pretty darned awesome... Frankly, I was a little afraid of the "ground minted lamb" in the Shepherd's Pie, but maybe I'll try it next time, after drinking a cider to start out with. Did I mention the Strongbow Cider is worth a sip, or two, or three? (I like the fact that they have 3 sizes of Draft Beers, so that I don't have to special request a small glass...)
So good! I had the chicken alfredo pasty and boyfriend had the bangers and mash. I'll never eat a Hot Pocket again! Happy hour is only 3-5, so get there early and enjoy a dollar off beers (not sure if this is drafts and/or bottles).  The place is small...and I'm all about cozy establishments, but when it smells nasty and the bathroom feels like an outhouse, I'm getting take out in the future.
Awesome little hole in the wall in Tempe.  There isnt much room to sit and it isn't fancy but if you want good food this is the place to go.  A pasty is basically a calzone(only better) with a variety of different types of fillers.  I had the bangers and mash.  The wife had the Italian.  Everything was great served promptly and with a smile.  It's not Scottsdale fancy and that's what I like about it.  Best part is you can get a hearty meal with a soda for under $10.  If you want beer expect to pay a bit more.
Was on the way to Houston from CA, and stopped by to eat here at the CPC, and damn it was really really good! I think it's a sin if you pass up this place when in Arizona.  Kinda confused cause when I walked in, but you can either sit at the bar or tables w/ the menus already on there.  Think about it this way. You'll have the best hot pocket ever. and only in Arizona!
So before I moved to manage the new Sack's location on the west side, I had put in my time at the University & Hardy locale-- putting the Cornish Pasty Co. in ridiculously close proximity to myself and the other happy hour enthusiasts I happened to work with.  I still call over to that location to see if anyone there wants to give me an excuse to make the drive across town to meet for a Black Velvet. Hello, my name is Kara... and I'm an unabashed alcoholic.    So if you're following along, when we meet at Pasty Co, I'll already be full from a Sack's sandwich-- but as soon as I smell the baking dough & simmering spices, I'll be perusing the amply stocked vegetarian section of the menu and trying to decide between my three favorites-- The Mexican, The Rosemary Chicken, and the Tikka Masala.  And man alive, you can't drink at a place that's got such a great pub-style atmosphere and not have a great pub-style ale of which they have many.  That's my only complaint about this place-- I am compelled to eat hearty, drink hearty, and be merry until I about burst at the seams.    Managing a kitchen myself, I'm continuously amazed at what they can do with what little space they have!  Their seating area is only a bit longer and wider than their kitchen/prep area which is open to ogle and runs parallel to the grubbing area.  I enjoy sitting at the bar to spy on the process and trying to catch the staff eavesdropping on our loud bar banter.  I love when someone mashing potatoes chuckles at our drunken philosophy sessions.    Parting Tip: As mentioned in other reviews, and their claim to fame (rightly so)-- $3 Irish Car Bombs! (I've seen places charge $6!!!). Oh, and don't forget the Banoffee Pie for dessert.  They make their own whip cream!
Wow!  I'll keep this short since there are over 100 great reviews on on Yelp for the Cornish Pasty:  1.  I didn't know what a pasty was until today.  It was truly amazing.  2.  Red wine gravy.  I've never tasted a red wine gravy like it.  Compelling.  3.  Excellent beer and cider selection.  4.  Small place, great environment.
I absolutely love this place and it's darkness!!  Favorite pasties:  Vegetarian balsamic mushroom with mozzerella, spinach, and a side of marinara.  Peppered steak, the blue cheese in it makes it!  And for dessert the pb&j with banana!  GREAT BEERS!
OK the business is small and very crowded at lunch but beyond that, They make the best food in Tempe, No Joke!  These Paste's are Hot Pockets on Steroids, from Cajun Chicken to the Original Lamb, these things are packed full of flavor and they serve the best beer as well.  So when your tired of Sushi, Pizza and a Steak dinner and you want something that is different but will get you coming back for more. Now they have a new location that is larger in Mesa on Dobson, that will surely be a hit too.
Everyone else Yelping about Cornish Pasty has already said it, so let me just echo the resounding chorus:  Pasty is the best.  The beer selection is beyond compare (plus, 3 dollar "car-bombs?"  YR KIDDING ME), and the food is amazing.  They can make vegan pasties if you call an hour ahead, so don't let dietary choices stop you from stopping in an enjoying the great service, dimly lit decor, and wonderful drinks.  Yeah, it's crowded, so if you're with a large group, you might have to wait to get the back table (it's worth it).  Certainly in the running for my favorite place in Tempe.  Top 3 pasties-  Peppered Steak the Mexican the Classic Oggie
I went to CPC with my husband for lunch, we had a Spicy Asiago Chicken & a Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, with a beer each. We liked the draft selection, it was nice to have kronenbourg 1664 on tap. We both enjoyed, it and are looking forward to going back.
I went with a group of 5 and luckily we were able to sit in back.  The place is small and bad for groups.  Aside from that the food is awesome and the beer is cheap!    I grew up on pastys in Wisconsin, my Dad's would be called a beef stew pasty.  The variations this place has is awesome.  Good stuff!  Go!
I LOVE Cornish Pasty Co. The Food is excellent and they have a decent drink menu. I'm not a Vegetarian but the Vegetarian pasties are AWESOME. I sometimes order the Veg. version over actual chicken a lot of the time.
Oh how I miss the nights that started with a meat & cheese pasty and a pint (yes, a pint) of Ketel One & Coke.  Great food & strong drinks, what more does a guy need?
The Cornish Pasty is sort of my go-to place when I have friends coming in from out of town and I want to take them somewhere fun.  Almost all of my friends give me the "Duh" face when I recommend we go eat at the Cornish Pasty.  "What's a cornish pasty?"  If I had a nickel for each time I heard that question asked, I'd have enough money to... I dunno, I'd at least have enough money to buy a 40 of Mickey's.  Or a can of Sparks.  There are so many different pasties you can choose.  Everything from Mexican to Greek to traditional American fare to the classic bangers and mash British faves.  And they're all good.  A lot of their better ingredients are homemade.  Each pasty has love baked right into its flaky crust.  I don't each there as much as I used to, mostly because I sort of exhausted myself, but I love bringing friends so I can relive my experience of the first time I went there.  Everyone else has pretty much already said it, but this is absolutely one of the best places to go eat.  If you've never been, you should really go.  The food is great, the beer is great and the whole atmosphere is so damn jolly you can't help but, at the very least, enjoy yourself with friends for the night.  Quite legitimately, this is about as good as it gets.
I really don't get what the big deal is about with this place. I went after reading all the rave reviews by other Yelpers last evening before heading to Gammage to see Wicked. For the first time, I went to a Yelp-recommended place and was very disappointed.   First of all, the place is a dump. It's run down and kind of dirty...or at least gives off a dirty feel.I have seen the new Pasty that is over on Guadalupe in Mesa and the decor is very nice and it's clean.  This location is not wheelchair friendly at all and don't bother bringing more than 4 people unless you plan to stand at the bar.   I'm not sure if they were employees or just friends of the employees who were working there but there was a group of college age guys hanging around both behind the counter pouring their own drinks and lounging in front of the counter who were just filthy. They had dirty beards, dirty hair, dirty ripped up clothes....I had no idea that the new look in college guys was homeless-chic.    The food was....eh. My son had the meat and cheese pasty and I had the rueben. We shared our pasties and I was no more impressed with the meat and cheese than I was with the rueben. They weren't bad...they were just eh at best. You get the pasty...no side dish, no salad, no nothing. It's not really a value.   Our server was pleasant but nothing special. She served our food and kept our cokes filled. It was clear that the focus was on the bar. There were about 9 people just hanging out at the bar, which is fine, but the place isn't advertised as a bar. I had brought my 8 year old son and this place is really not kid friendly given the amount of attention given to the bar and the dirty patrons/employees who were hanging around.   If I do go back to Cornish Pasty it will likely be at the newer location which is why I give it 2 stars and not 1 because as a chain, it might be worth the 2nd visit. This one is just not worth the drive from the West Valley.
I've been waiting for this, and today, I got my chance to try out the Cornish Pasty Company.   I will tell you now, this is a place for a true foodie. This is a dark restaurant, one that puts you in the kitchen. Literally. If you find yourself disturbed by seeing real kitchen professionals running around, then avoid this place.   Walking in, I felt like I was going into a dive bar. All of the kitchen staff is motley, and I loved it. We took two seats at the bar, and were greeted by an awesome server. She got us Guinness (poured perfectly, that gets a star), and we got to check out the menu.  Vast, is a good phrase for this menu. If you haven't had a Pasty before, I like to think of it as a Hot Pocket that doesn't make you want to die.  I got the Cottage Pie Pasty, and my friend got the Italian Pasty.   Our pasties were served on very distinct metal plates, with a sauce side. I had a red wine gravy, which was incredible. Tart and not thick at all. It was excellent. My friend had a marinara, he replied that it had a nice spice to it.  The food was excellent. My Pasty was filled with ground beef, potatoes, peas ,carrots, and cheese.  Warm, gooey, and it felt good being in there.  That is what I would say is the key to this place. You have to love it. You have to love feeling of the warmth every time the oven is opened, along with the following scent of roasted herbs and spices. The staff, rushing around, looking more like roadies than cooking professionals.  This place is real. It's alive. And it's good. Check out the menu, and go there. I will be going as much as possible.
No - this is not a review of the pasties that women wear to cover up nipples underneath their clothing or instead of bathing suit tops... this is a review for Cornish pasties... and to be honest, I didn't know what they were either, until I read the 133 reviews that came before mine!  So, I finally made my way to Cornish Pasty Company today after months and months of seeing the reviews roll in, and now I know why there are so many CP fans.  This place is great!  It's kind of a British pub atmosphere inside. Really laid back and comfortable - and mostly men dining... my party balanced it out as the three of us brought some estrogen inside!  The menu consists of a diverse variety of pasties, which are like calzones or English hot pockets.  They are all homemade with fresh ingredients, and many of them sound super yummy; i had a hard time deciding what to order...   I went with the chicken greek pasty while my dining companions went with the carne adovada and the spicy asiago chicken.  I think we were all pretty happy with our respective orders.  I noticed they have large salads on the menu also.  I'm thinking perhaps next visit I'll try a salad - maybe even go with someone who has similar tastes to me and split a pasty and a salad?  Any takers?  Either way, I'll be back - it may have been my first Cornish Pasty experience but it will not be my last!
I will have give this one another try because I was not too thrilled with what I ordered. Good concept and a nice little hole in the wall place especially if you are on a budget like me :)
This place a a jewel of Phoenix.  It is one of the most unique, delicious, good ol' fashion home made cooking that will leave you begging for more.    As a small literal hole in the wall in a strip mall, you would never notice it if you didnt already know it was there.  We found this great place thanks to yelp, and decided to give it a shot.  The ambiance is fantastic; small, intimate, and classic with the painted cement floors and dark walls, it reminds me of New York back alley taverns.   The first night we went was absolutely PACKED full, but we still only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table crouched cutely in the back.  Our server was personable, and after going there a few more times I can say the whole staff is spot on.    Now to the menu.  Great beer selection at great prices always adds a star for me.  But that is simply the prequel to the awesomeness that awaits you with the food.  I have had other food but the pasties here - the pasta salad is delicious, good strong greek salad too - but its useless to try to compare it to the pasties.  They have every combination imaginable, from the hearty shepards pie and the oogie to culture fusions like the cajun, the mexican, and one of my favorites, the lamb vindaloo.  You would never think that these ingredients could be packed into a puff pastry and come out incredibly delicious, but it seems to be more of a delightful delectable experience every time I go.    Their desserts are so good too, last time getting the Banoffee pie to go, which was sinful it was so good.  One of the best perks about this place though, is that you can bring any 1/2 cooked pasty home with you - it just takes 10 minutes in the oven - and tada you have awesomeness on hand at home anytime you want.... something i definitely recommend!  Yet again, thank you yelp for a favorite of Phoenix, and if you havent been here yet, believe the hype and do yourself a favor!
I had eaten here a few years ago when they first opened, but didn't remember too much about it other than cheap Irish Car Bombs.  It's in an odd location at a strip-mall that's tucked around the corner from a decent Mexican restaurant and a sub-shop.    I'm not sure if they're going for the feel of a mineshaft, but it was ridiculously cold in there.  I'm all for beating the heat, but to go from 104 to 62 degrees was a little much for me.    I could talk more about the ambiance, which is mildly interesting, but the food is the most important thing.  I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (Red curry) which had chicken, potato, and the red curry sauce.  The chicken was dry, as well as the curry sauce.  Mere days before I'd had Chicken red curry at George and Dragon in Phoenix, which was really good.  The pasty was not on par with that.  I have to say it was one of the more bland curries I've ever had.  Perhaps I should have tried something like their Bangers and Mash or Shepherd's Pie.  As for the price, everything on the menu should cost about 20% less.  I think Cornish Pasty is WAY overpriced.  Some of the more traditional stuff is $7 to $7.50, while everything else is $8-9.  Beer is also a little on the pricey side (20 ounce drafts are $5-6) for this kind of place.  Two Boddington's and a pasty were $18 before tax and tip.  So if you absolutely have to have a pasty then I guess this is your place, otherwise there are some other fabulous places nearby that won't break the bank.
I took my motley crew out for lunch here.  I can not dine everywhere b/c like I said my crew is motley. Namely my 8 yr old that will swing from chandeliers and turn over tables. OK maybe a bit exaggerated but still a kid. So I thought this would be a safe joint. but  no, it has a bar like quality that really says "hey we do not want little kids in here" Maybe it was jus the kind of day they were having, us and one other table at the time but I counted 5 guys working. One looked smarmy and really pissed maybe felt crowded. This is a small establishment. So small.....  When my little one giggled and spun a bar stool around, The dude with the tude slammed something on the counter kind of freaked me out, I know we were not as annoying as that guy at he end of the place consuming PINTS but oh well.  I love pasty's and these were tasty. Will continue to patronage this establishment by calling in orders.
If you haven't been here, you're really missing on something special.  Many friends who have left town make sure to go here on return visits.  For those that don't know, a pasty is essentially a gourmet hot pocket.  They've got everything from standard meat and potatoes to a thanksgiving pasty with all the fixings, and plenty more.  The only pasty I didn't like was one with an ingredient I don't like, so I can't blame them.  I'm not even sure if they have other food, because I always get a pasty or two.  The beer selection is good, and the staff are great and very friendly.  The only downside is that this place is cramped and it can be hard to find a seat at times; there's only one table that can accommodate a crowd (+ the bar).  I hear the new location is better in this regard.
I've been going to the Cornish Pasty Co. for years now.  I love the atmosphere of this little place, it is small and cozy. The service is good... i have never had a bad experience with the service and had a couple of really good ones. I actually wrote a poem about one of the waitresses but I'm not going to go into that.   Now with that out of the way I can talk about the food. I love these little Pasties! My personal favorite is the Pilgrim... but the Chicken Rosemary, Stake Rosemary and Cajan are wonderful too, not to mention the Bangers & Mash, and Shepard's Pie.   After all this... one of my families favorite this to do is just order a half dozen pasties to go and bring them home and just smorgasbord!
A friend of mine and I visited this restaurant over the weekend. We had a different original perception of what it was, never having actually had a pasty before. I ordered the reuben pasty and it was good. The meat had a good flavor, some sauerkraut and the thousand island was brought on the side. The meal was a good size and left me satisfied - although I kept thinking about Sweeny Todd while eating the lunch.  The one downside I found with the restaurant is that we arrived near opening and even though we were the only two in the restaurant, the music was so loud that we could barely hear each other talk. Otherwise, it was a pleasant accidental finding.
Cornish Pasty Company is one of those rare places that makes you feel like you're somewhere special. A unique concept - at least I've never seen any other pasty restaurants around - makes this place truly one of a kind.  I have two favorites when I'm there. 1. the Royale with cheese with a side of ranch. 2. the pilgrim with a side of red wine gravy. The Royale with cheese is what you think it is - burger related. It's hamburger, cheese, onion, mushrooms bacon, and the best part - fries all snuggled into a flaky pasty crust. I like to dip mine into ranch for that classic burger tastiness. The Pilgrim is thanksgiving dinner. It's turkey, sweet potatoes, stuffing and onions. Served with a side of cranberries and gravy.  I always have a hard time choosing between the two because they are both so delicious.   The place itself has a cool, laid back vibe and the staff is always friendly.  The pasties do take a while to make though so expect to wait a while. These are not fast food in any sense of the term. If you are in a hurry, this is not the place for you. Especially at lunch.  Also, their seating is really best set up for groups of two.  This is not a "take the whole family out for dinner" kinda place. They have a couple tables in the back that can seat four but the majority of tables are two-tops and then there is space at the bar.  No question, Cornish Pasty Company is one of my favorite places in the valley.
I found it funny that my friend who comes here frequently still can't pronounce "pasty" (or "hipster hot pockets," as my friends and I like to call them), but after tasting one of these, you could call it anything and it would still be delicious.  I don't know why it took so long for me to return to Cornish Pasty Co., especially since I live so close to it, but after chowing down a delectable, flaky shepard's pie pasty and washing it all down with a frosty pint of Hoegaarden, I know my trips will be much more frequent.  Sure, it's friggin' small and hot in there, but after you start eating, you pretty much forget about the temperature and you're floating in pasty heaven. And if you're looking to get into some shenanigans, which we were last Friday night, Irish car bombs are 3 bucks all day, everyday. Not too shabby.
This place is an absolute gem.  An explanation of the food just doesnt do this place justice.  I am currently on my 10th different pasty (Just tried the Pilgrim) and I haven't been disappointed in one yet.    There is a great vegetarian menu as well.  I haven't ventured into this area of the menu yet, but all of those choices look just as delicious.    Every time I try a different pasty, it becomes my new favorite.  I'm sure you will feel the same way.  Dont pass up the $3 Irish Car Bombs!  Its so good when it hits your lips.
AMAZING...I went here for my birthday last night...there were 6 of us...I had no idea that there were only a couple tables big enough to sit 6 people...but we were easily accommodated at the bar..which I prefer to sit anyways  You can see everything going on in the kitchen. I would imagine you would really have to like your co-workers here...working so closely in a small walkway of a kitchen.  The Pasty's are simply amazing, and there is one for everyone. I had the cheese steak..and it was spectacular!  This is a must go if you are in tempe!! The staff is amazing as well! Best service award for sure!  And with 6 people and 4 alcoholic beverages our bill was 83 dollars.... Almost unheard of!!  And finally ontop of all that.....they deliver to my house....yes they do...whatever Pasty I am in the mood for will be delivered right to my doorstep.  I think I am in love...
How do you describe a pasty to someone who doesn't know what one is??? I like to say it's more like a "Gourmet Hot Pocket" but bigger!!! That's the best description I have. I love this place and have yet to visit the new location in Mesa, which is now more convenient for me. This location will always be a classic. The staff is "ALWAYS" cool. It's kind of a weird set up. The suite is a very narrow rectangle that spans from end-to-end of the building so the space is limited but they made the best of it. You can tell the crew is a unique one and you can see they all understand each other and their duties as they would have to, being that they are constantly on top and all over each other (NOT LIKE THAT! GET YOUR MIND OUTTA THE GUTTER!). It's actually quite entertaining though! They also have great music playing most of the time and serve beer! You really have to go and check it out for yourself; there's no place like it. My goal is to one day try all the different pasty's.   ***Da Bafroom: Mr. Pasty, may I call you Cornish? You got lucky this time! Of all the times I've been to this Establishment, I've not ONCE EVER been to the restroom. I use to work right down the street so all my restroom needs were always satisfied before hand. Being I'm no longer employed there and my new duty to the Yelp community is "BAFROOMS", oh yes my friend, you bet I'll be payin a visit to the porcelain suite of your establishment. I don't anticipate any disappointments by any means but there will be an update on this section soon enough.
Okay, I'll readily admit my ignorance: I had no clue what a "pasty" was before I came here.  I'd honestly never even heard of them.  Never once.  So when I got out of the car and looked at the place my friend had taken me, I know that the question "what the heck is a pasty and why is there a company for them?" went through my head.  I looked at the menu (I even read the little history blurb) and still had no clue.  So, when a wee calzone-like pasty comes out, filled with the making of a Reuben sandwich, I was very intrigued.  Compared to my hunger, this thing looked puny.  But the smell, the steam, and crispiness of the pastry itself were just too good to be disappointed.  I was not at all displeased.  There is a HUGE menu of these things too!  There is a page of classic ones, signature ones, and even vegetarian ones.  The place itself is dark and cozy with a unique diner/bar charm.  Don't pass this place up.
I had the cajun last week with a giant 34oz cider..  The food was awesome.  Pasties are typically pre-made, although by pre, I think they mean within the last 20-30 minutes..  Mine was fresh out of the oven.  So delicious.  Never eaten anything like it.  The service was great, everyone was very friendly.  I sat at the bar, so I got to watch the chef's preparing the next batch.  Be sure to tip those guys too.   I'll be back soon, with company.  I have a few more pasties to try..
Ambiance: This is a VERY narrow shop in a strip mall that faces Hardy NOT Broadway. There are tables for 2 on one side and a bar on the other with a couple tables for 4 in the back. It is very close quartes. It is painted balck to represent a coal mine. You can watch the guys cooking behind the bar. Cleanliness: It was pretty clean and believe me I am always looking. There is 1 unisex bathroom, my hubby used it and said it was ok. Food: We ordered the Oogie (beef, potato, onion and rutabaga with red wine sauce) and the Pilgrim (turkey/chicken, stuffing, sweet potato with cranberry sauce on the side).  We split them. While good size they do not come with any other vegie, salad or garnish. These were priced at $6.50 and $8 respectively. I would never order the Oggie again because the beef was NOT tender! It was quite tough and the potato and rutabaga were undercooked. The Pilgrim said on the menu turkey/chicken but when I asked the waitress she said it was chicken. When I got it I saw that they use white and dark meat. The sweet potato was cut in small cubes and they seemed dry. It had a good flavor but just was not exciting enough to get me to go back. Staff: The waitress was friendly and didn't mind answering questions because it was our first time. My hubby had a soda and it never got refilled..she finally asked when left the bill. Drinks: Well, this is the best thing about the place! They have an excellent selection of beers and I got a 14 oz Kiltlifter for $3.50 a 20 oz wa only $1 more!! You can't beat that! Conclusion: I probably would not go back unless it was just for a beer, but hey I can get beer a lot of places.
yum yum yum.  These pasties are waaaaay better than any of the ones I ate when I lived in England (not sure if that's saying much- sorry british folk).  They also have a nice selection of beer, tasty belgians that go well with a pasty.
Bottles everywhere are brimming over with lightning. Blind squirrels near and far are dining on lavish feasts of nuts.   Dallas G. picked a lunch spot and it was amazing. I've been to the cornish pasty co before but not for a couple of years, and this time it was sublime. They have this pasty (essentially a mini calzone lookin' dealy with different innards) called the royale with cheese. Filled with burger, onions, fries, and such and served with 1000 island or whatever other goo you should like. Sublime.   It seems small but is filling, and our waitress is a lovable little thing, too. Hells yeah.   If I were a little more stuck up I might deduct one star for the ramshackle looking fellow in the chiefs hat who is running around doing various tasks--this is a food place, after all--but I'm not. 5 stars.
Yuuuuuuuuuuuuum.   This was our first pasty experience, and boy were we happy that Cornish provided our Wednesday night fare. I had the lamb and mint; Josh had the alfredo pasty. The red wine gravy that accompanied my dish was AMAZING. The pasties themsevles look a little on the small side, but they filled us right up. Good people, good atmosphere, happy tummies.
There probably isn't much left to be said about the awesomeness that is The Cornish Pasty Co. in Tempe, so I'll keep this brief. I'm a HUGE fan of the Cajun, it is absolute perfection with an amazing chipotle sauce that is the perfect compliment. Since I started going here, I've also come to enjoy starting off my meal with their garlic roasted potatoes (great to share with a friend). I've also tried the meat & cheese, which was great even though despite the fact that I'm not the biggest fan of sausage unless it's in a patty and comes next to some eggs and pancakes. Had a bite of the Italian as well, quite tasty in it's own right, although I picked out the big chunkier tomato, just a personal preference.  If the Tempe location is a bit cramped for you, and it DOES get pretty hectic in there sometimes, there's always their Mesa location which stays true to the formula but offers more seating room if you choose to dine in.   Don't make the mistake of not trying CPC at least once, I've introduced many friends (and even my parents) to this spot, and I've never gotten a single complaint. There is enough diversity on this menu that you can find someething for just about any range of tastes...hands down one of the most obvious 5 star reviews I've given.
I forgot how much I love this place and miss it. Super tiny space, super filling delicious pasties. The faux-chicken they use (quorn) is incredible and very realistic. My fav pasty is the balsamic portobello, the dessert pasties are also tasty, granted you have room. Only downside is the size and wait time.
I was living in Cali and my BF in Arizona.. My BF and friends took me here on my first visit to AZ and I was afraid I wouldn't be a fan... I was SO wrong. And, once I ate their if I found out they went without me (after I had gone back to Cali) I would get so upset!  The location and exterior is very unassuming, actually you might miss it if you didn't know what you were looking for. It's tucked between a discount bread store and an Italian place in a slightly run down little strip mall. Initially, when you walk in it doesn't get much better... Its a hallway basically with about 8 tables that seat 2, 2 tables that seat four and a table all the way in the back that will seat 6-8. They also have about 14 seats at the bar. It's dark and in the summer it's WaRm too.   But, once you grab a table (it can take time on a Fri or Sat night) you are in for some good eats.   I love The Porky, Bangers & Mash & Carne Adovada. BF loves the Lamb & Mint. Friends of ours typically go for The Cottage Pie, Royale with Cheese or the Greek Chicken. Typically we stay with the "traditional pasties", but I recently tried the Carne Adovada (considered a premium pasty) and it rocks. So, BASICALLY we've never been disappointed.   And the red wine gravy that they serve on the side... Yeah, I could drink it (you will want to too).   And while there are a TON of pastys to choose from... at least once you have to order their pasta salad (order it w/ chicken). Spinach, bow tie pasta, grape tomatoes, kalamata olives, onions, artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers and chicken tossed in a yummy pesto vinaigrette.  This is a spot that we always hit early on a Sat or Sun... rarely are we interested in braving the Fri night crowd... And, don't go with more than 4 people unless you want to sit at the bar.  Hard Cider and a pasty... my perfect Sunday afternoon.  *I was torn on giving the CPC 4 or 5 stars because of their ti-ny seating capacity... but it adds to the character of the place.
this was just ok. didnt think it was anything special. the gravy and the crust were good though.  it was also hard to find because it is hidden behind the AM PM and you cant really see the restaurant from University since it is technically not on University since it is in a small strip mall.
I went here for lunch. It was pretty packed and turned out to be a long lunch. Took quite a while after ordering to get the food. Our server said they make everything from scratch, so maybe that's why.  I had an ice tea, which is fresh brewed, and it was pretty tasty. Our glasses went empty a few times, but our server refilled 3x.  I ordered the rosemary steak and a friend ordered the rosemary chicken so we could try each. I preferred the steak, but both were really good. it comes with a side of mustard sauce, which really added to the flavor. it was a ton of food, and definitely could have been 2 meals.  i look forward to going back and trying something new. there were a lot of things on the menu that looked really good!
You had me at Hoegaarden and lamb vindaloo pasty.  I came in here a little drunk from cheap drinking at Ra and was starving!  My friend and I looked over the menu, and couldn't decide between which pasty to get.  Luckily, the waiter was extremely patient with us and even helped us decide on which one to get.  We ended up with the lamb vindaloo and the chicken alfredo.  It was only a short wait until our pasties arrived.  They were huge!  Way more than enough for two people.  Both were extremely delicious and flavorful, and I loved the sauces that came with them.  I would definitely recommend getting different pasties so you can split them up and share them.  Great food at a great price!  I love this place!
Wow. I tried this place after reading all the reviews on Yelp. If it wasnt for those reviews I would have never ever stumbled upon this place. It's tucked away in an average strip mall and hidden behind an AM/PM. Inside it feels like some Brits renovated an abandoned submarine, it is a tight squeeze in this place but nice a cozy, the lighting is just right and the rustic wood tables and the decor of old mining photos really give this place a distinct mellow feel. The pasty I had the first time was the Bangers and Mash, homemade sausage, some veggies including mash potatoes all inside a delicous pastry or pasty as it is apparently called across the pond. It came with an amazing red wine gravy that just put an already amazing concoction over the top. This place is cheap too! Less than 8 bucks for most the pasties and it is plenty to fill you up. They have alot of British beers on tap too. Overall I would give this place a "If all British food was like this we would still be under colonial rule!"
What a find! Especially for a New Yorker, with no dining spot like this back home (but see below). Luckily, it's near the Airport, so it makes a great place to have your first and/or last meal on a trip to Phoenix.  Pasties are tasty meat or vegetable pies meant to be lowered to hungry miners in Cornwall. Fortunately for us, someone thought of  bringing them to the US, and particularly to the Phoenix area. I had the Lamb Vindaloo (probably not an import from Cornwall), and my brother had the Balsamic Portabello. Both were delicious; the Vindaloo was spicy, but not too spicy. Go ahead and order it - you won't be sorry.  Since this was sort of dinner, we then shared the Pilgrim, which incorporated turkey, sweet potatoes, stuffing and a side of cranberry sauce. This was OK, but could have used more turkey, and less stuffing. Pies ranged from $6.50-9.00.  Excellent selection of European draft beers in 14, 20, and 34 ounce mugs, the largest being a mere $8-9 bucks. Also many imported premium bottles, plus Tempe's own Four Peaks Kilt Lifter (6%) for only $3.50. What a deal.  For other New Yorkers reading this, I understand Myers of Keswick, a shop on Hudson Street, has Cornish Pasties and other meat pies. They're generally less than $4.00, so probably smaller and for takeout only. I'll give you an update on this next time I'm down in the Village.
And, my dear friends, that's four stars based on takeaway ALONE -- I can imagine, when accompanied by the legendary array of British beers, this will easily make the coveted five star mark. Yummy, greasy, down-home comfort food goodness... and enough vegetarian selections to keep me going for quite a while. Looking forward to having a meal there!
The place was dark and hard to find - the sign must be out, or maybe they don't need it.  There wasn't a seat left in the tiny hallway of a restraunt, so we made our way all the way to the back and sat ourselves down at a massive table.    Service was good.  Food is a nice change from standard US fare.  These are deluxe hot pockets which may look small, but pack a pretty filling meal.  Hoegarden on tap too, way to go.
At the center of this operation is a fabulous crust. I had envisoned sort of a gigantic, doughy calzone filled with equal parts air and filling, but it's much better than that. The crust is a thin shell, like a pie crust, which gives the sandwich a firm, easy to handle structure while maximizing the filling cavity.   The chicken tikka masala was aromatic, beautifully seasoned and downright glorious. Just a wonderful sandwich, even without the complementary and complimentary yoghurt. Shepards pie and a traditional "Oggie" received raves as well.   Service was friendly and professional. My only quibble is that certain aspects of the decor scream Tempe dive bar more than outstanding niche restaurant - even at lunchtime. It's rather dark and small, the ceiling's painted black with what looks like auto body paint, furniture is beaten up, the back door glass is cracked and there's tacky boxes of supplies blocking what is already a narrow floor aisle.   Do I think they should invest in brass and wood paneling and pretend to be Houstons? No. I just think their food concept and execution is so unique and terrific that deferred maintenance and sloppiness around the edges kinda detracts from their hard earned, fundamental excellence.   It doesnt detract a lot. CPC honors and indeed transcends "British Cuisine" and is definitely worth a visit. The food is marvelous.  Service is good. Everyone seems to be having a good time.  But if you're older or fussy, like me, just dont expect Buckingham Palace.
So my friend (Jason B.) suggested this place...and I was not convinced by the name...weird images of pot pies out of the movie Sweeney Todd, floated through my mind...I know that is so horrible! Sorry if I grossed anyone out with that! Then to top it off, it was almost impossible to find, because it was so dark!   The place is long and skinny, and when you sit at the bar you get to watch people make the calzones (for lack of a better word) which is fun! It was kind of weird at first to have a conversation, but you get comfortable!  We decided to order 2 and share, so we could try more variety. We got a meat and cheese, which was served with a red wine sauce. Maybe because I am not a fan of red wine I didn't like the sauce!?!? But the pastry was so tasty! The meat was very flavorful and the cheese was gooey and yummy!   We also ordered the Lamb Vindaloo, wow was this spicy! Don't get me wrong I can handle spice! And I would say any more and it would be too much. The Sauce that came with it was necessary to cool off your mouth, and it helped that it was very tasty and refreshing!   I am looking forward to going back and trying the many different pastries they have.  But please don't let me forget to mention dessert aka creamy heavenly goodness, that is the peanut butter and jelly pastry. Fresh hot out of the oven with jelly sauce....oh my! My mouth is watering just thinking about it! When you go, and you should, don't forget dessert!
Lot's of really great beers on tap. Awesome atmosphere, staffed by really cool people and not overpriced. The food is extremely delicious, yet simple. There are a wide variety of pasty's for everyone's taste buds, including vegetarian minded people like me. I highly recommend this place for a drink, dinner or taking a date! It's definitely a good mix up to the usual fare, but be forewarned the pasty's are quite fattening--as is the case with nearly everything that tastes good!
OMG this place was soooooo good and I can't wait to go back for more. My boyfriend and I were headed out to Tempe a couple days ago and I asked him to Yelp some restaurants in the area. He mentioned pastys and all I could think of was pasties that women wear, anyways, I figured that if Yelpers gave it a great review it must be good. As you walk in it is kind of small, yet intimate. Are SUPER tiny waitress came over to take our order (She was super cute and small). My man ordered Cajun Chicken and I ordered the porky pasty with a Boddingtons. MMMM the food came out nice and warm.  I have to be honest that I liked the mans more than mine, his dish was a little spicy and it came with this chipotle style spread that pulled all the flavors together. The porky was good, it reminded me of pub food I have had in Edinburg, Scotland. It was gravy filled with lots of potatoes and meat.  Needless to say, I felt like I needed a nap afterwards; however, we decided to share the PB&J desert and it was GREAT!  Hands down the warmest best PB&J I have ever had.  We ended up paying around $30.00 for 2 bears dinner and desert, not bad.
I have been here 2 times and both times it has been awesome.  A low key atmosphere combined with some original draft beers and throw in hot pockets on steroids and it is a good combo!
WOW! this place is sooo good, stop by and grab a beer and pasty. They have a good selection of English beers to go with the array of pastys available. These things are like big hot pockets and they are delicious!   Did i mention $3 car bombs
Any good city has places well-suited for kicking off a great night. Cornish Pasty is one of those places.  With so many filling options (meat-and-potatoes for the all-American, East Indian cuisine for the globetrotter, eggplant for the vegetarian), all your friends can find pasties they like. And the $3 Car Bombs are tasty and potent.  As a take-home option, Cornish Pasty offers discounted half-baked pasties you can finish at home. But I prefer to sit at the bar, have a few drinks and watch the cooks prepare pasties from ultra-fresh ingredients.  Note: Seating is limited at this location, so be prepared to wait or go during non-peak hours.
Had dinner at this place tonight and want to go back again tomorrow... and maybe every day after that.  I had the Sheppard's Pie pasty (hamburger, cheddar, mash, carrots, and peas) served with a side of their wine gravy. It was so delicious. My friend had the bangers and mash and their sausage was so incredible, I was jealous and plan on getting that the next time. We also had the apple pasty for desert which is about half the size of the meal pastys but came drizzled in caramel and with a size of vanilla bean ice cream and real whipped cream. SO GOOD! They also serve hard cider which is somewhat hard to find in Arizona, so that was a definite bonus. They also had a few other import beers on tap or in bottles as well as a full bar.  Super friendly staff, excellent prices (each meat pasty is around $7 and it's totally worth it), and a great atmosphere.  Completely recommend this place to anyone!
I first went to the Mesa location but had to try the original one.  I was surprised to see that both places are very slim and long.  This location is very small.  How small you ask?  Small enough that the staff constantly has to stop what they are doing to step aside and let other coworkers pass.  They were good at it though.  I love trying different types of food, and if it's a small local I am definitely in.  After checking out the rave reviews I gave them a shot.  I loved my pasty (Pass-tee) at both locations but I was denied the shepards pie one in Mesa because they were out.  I lucked out and finally got it at this location.  Boy was that good.  Ground lamb just has a better flavor note to it that beef doesn't bring to the table.  We also had a little half salad and some roasted potatoes.  Both were tasty and the roasted potatoes have a coat of fresh thyme on them and didn't have the fat and grease factor of fries.  In a place this small it is impossible to have bad service.  You can literally reach out and tap the staff if you feel neglected, that is how close they are.  Why do they get minus a star?  Because I am 6'5" and had to assume a yoga pose that I am neither familiar with, nor comfortable performing due to the closeness of the stool to the bar.  I could have chosen a table, but I live to drink in the experience.    They have several beers to choose from, bonus points for not having American piss water on tap and having a little variety.  The place is very casual with some personality too.    A little tip for those like me who broke the record for most U-turns within a 100 yards.  The place faces west on the NE side of the intersection between University and Hardy.  A little tricky at night because the sign may not be on and the little shopping center address isn't lit up either.    Great food, friendly and social staff.  Unique little place.  What more do you want?
1. They offer Rogue on draft. 2. They have umpteen billion different pasties. 3. It's not in North Phoenix or Glendale (read my reviews of places in those locations) so you are almost guaranteed to not dine next to redneck, lifted truck, white trash. 4. Service is really friendly. 5. Great soundtrack.  I wholeheartedly recommend it. I can't say anything that hasn't been said already so I'll leave it to that.
YUM!!  I had the shepherd's pie and it was the perfect blend of meat, mashed potatoes, and veggies.  It didn't even really need the side of gravy, that was just a bonus.  The dough is perfect.  Wide variety of pasties to choose from and some very interesting combinations.  One pasty is very big and will fill you up.  Mine was so good I wanted to eat the whole thing, but luckily I exercised some restraint.  Please come to Southern California.
Reasons Why I Love CPC:  GREAT FOOD GREAT PRICES GREAT ATMOSPHERE NICE STAFF DELIVERY!!   I had never tasted the glory that is a pasty until I went there by recommendation of a friend a few years ago. Ever since my first visit, I have been hooked. I have learned to order one pasty for lunch, and get another to-go for later-- because knowing me, I will have a second craving during the day.    The first time I went I courageously tried their Chicken Tikka Masala pasty. My grandfather is from India, and I was raised on traditional Indian food, so I was a skeptic. However, their take on chicken masala (typically consisting of chicken, red curry, potatoes, vegetables and accompanied with rice) was impressive. There was just the right amount of curry to chicken to vegetable ratio, and I could not help but want to scarf it down. It was mild, so anyone could love it. Even their Vegetarian Tikka Masala pasty is delicious. As a former vegetarian and vegan, I am always skeptical when trying new meat substitutes, but the Quorn chicken substitute has a great consistency.    Another time I went, I tried their Shepherd's Pie Pasty, and declared that a victory. The pastry shell was crisp, the filling was flavorful, and the peas and carrots hadn't gone to mush. You can tell that they make the pasties (pastys?) fresh just by biting into them, but if you're not convinced, sit up at the bar and watch.     I will say, one of the best pasties they have is their Lovely Bit a Salmon. It took me a while to be able to order it because every time I tried, they were sold out (AND FOR GOOD REASONING!). I got lucky one unassuming Tuesday afternoon while ordering delivery for my mother, my roommate and myself. They were surprisingly prompt in their delivery and didn't seem to get lost with my crappy directions to my apartment. I ordered the Salmon, my mother the Pilgrim (SOOOO GOOD), and my roommate the Cheese Steak ( I didn't try his, but he said it was awesome). The Salmon pasty was heaven. I am not kidding- HEAVEN wrapped in a delicate pastry blanket and hand delivered from The Almighty Himself. The salmon was cooked to perfection, the dill sauce was mild, the asparagus still al dente, the potatoes were perfect, and the tomatoes and spinach were an added plus.    My new favorite "every-now-and-again" pasty is The Peanut Butter and Jelly. HOLY GUACAMOLE! They have taken the traditional PB&J and slapped it in the face sent it home to it's momma. Then added some refinement, and some ooey-gooey, yummy in my tummy, goody-goody gumdrops to it. Holy Toledo. The banana is welcomed added bonus.     To be honest, I have yet to try a pasty there that I do not like. This is a great thing, yet can be very unhelpful when trying to figure out what to have for lunch or dinner.    Maybe someone can help me... I do not know what is in their salad dressing for their basic green salad... but it is AMAZING!   Their garlic roasted potatoes and mushy peas are so yummy as well.    They have my two drink requirements on tap: Guinness and Boddingtons. Also, they have Duvel which is one of my favorite Belgian beers for a moderate price. They have great Happy Hour drink specials including $3 car bombs. $3! YOU CAN'T BEAT THAT!   Dine in, take out, or delivery. It doesn't matter how you get it, just GET IT! Make sure that if you order their green salad you get extra dressing--you will be happy that you did.
Wow... i don't think I've ever been in a more narrow place.. ever!   but it was just perfect in ever way!!!   They have tables along one side and a bar with tall stools along the other side... you can watch them make your food....  its like the food network... but live and you can smell it :)   my coworker and i sat right in front of the oven... every time they would open the oven i would only get hungrier!! :) we could see all the fresh and yummy ingredients!!   i had the Reuben (Pastrami, corned beef, homemade sauerkraut and Swiss with a side of 1000 island dressing)   WOW... it was amazing... for their sauerkraut they use red cabbage... it was more sweet than bitter... and the crust of the pasty was flaky and buttery... so delicious!! and i honestly forgot how much i love corned beef! over all it was very rich... but great to share....   My Coworker had the Italian.. (pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, basil, tomatoes and marinara sauce) it looked great... he loved it... you could see the fresh basil and tomatoes... it smelled divine   we didn't speak for a full 20 minutes... just barley loud enough mmmmmmmms and o-m-g this is amazing... said quietly to ourselves....   all of the employees were so outgoing and laid back at the same time... just really cool guys... i loved the atmosphere and the attitudes that filled this place...   i cannot wait to come back!
Every time I go visit my dad in AZ a stop a Cornish Pasty Company is needed. Anything you ever hoped and dreamed about in a warm flakey crust has come true. They have alot of options from a thanksgiving dinner, to a hearty Italian feast and even peanutbutter and jelly. I've enjoyed everything I've had here and love that they have a good selection of microbrews to wash your pasty down with.
Cornish Pasty Company always lands on my list when someone asks me where to get a good meal in Tempe.
Are you kidding me? How have I not been here before? I found myself in the area of this place yesterday, so finally stumbled in. First off, the people who work there are really friendly and helpful. I think the guys name was Justin. Anyway, since I never had a pasty before, I required some direction and the menu has just about every kind of great filling you can think of to put in your pasty. I settled on the cheesesteak pasty. Since I didn't know what kind of sauce to order with it, Justin brought me three different ones. Red wine gravy, peppercorn sauce and some mustard cream sauce.  As it turned out, they were all great but the peppercorn was my favorite. I gotta tell you, the pasty was great. though I have no previous pasty experience, I can say that this pasty was terrific, the service was great and I will be going back.
I think people have a tendency to overrate this place because it is the only restaurant of its kind.  Don't get me wrong, the pasties are great, but there are a few reasons why this place isn't a four star restaurant:  1) It's overpriced.  You're paying almost 15 bucks for a lunch originally meant for miners. 2) It's cramped.  Good luck going there with more than one other person. 3) It's a little dingy.  Someone said the atmosphere is great.... Huh?  Not sure why a dark dining room that is six feet wide and crowded can be considered a nice atmosphere, unless maybe you grew up in a sewer.  Also, make sure you get there early if you want a table or food in a reasonable amount of time.
This is one of my new favorites places to bring people who are from out of town. It's something different that I think real "Foodies" will enjoy. Although the restaurant itself is dark and cramped, it's worth going to over and over again.   I ordered the Shepherd's Pie Pasty, it was very filling and delicious. Although I had to wait 20 minutes for it, it was worth waiting for a fresh out of the oven pasty. But if you're ever in a rush, a good thing about this place, is that you can call ahead and request for them to start cooking your pasty so that it is ready to be served once you arrive.
This place is realllly yummy.  If you like/are Rockabilly you will love this place.  If you have an affinity for girls/guys with tattoos/gauges you will enjoy this place  If you want thanksgiving dinner shoved into an unhealthy English version of a Pita Pocket you will DiiiiiiiiiEEEEEEEEEEE (Rachel Zoe ) this place.  I'm naut ruckabillie but I "dig" this place. It's really dark inside, and the food goes good with beer which they have much of.  There are really great/grotesquely intriguing pictures of coal miners on the walls too which are fun to look at while eating said pastys...not the nipple coverings.  TRY: the pasta salad..it ain't a pasty but holy-rockabilly-hell it is effin' good!
A very unique place indeed. Its a narrow corridor with a kitchen on one side and bar and tables on the other. Its interesting to sit on the bar and watch them making the food. The food itself while being really unique was  above average. I would like to give them 3.5 stars for the food and another star just for the layout.
I less than 3 this place. I've been more than a few and always leave smiling, full, and satisfied. The staff is friendly and fairly fast. I am not sure though how exactly one would determine that rock-a-billies as a whole would love this place. Maybe the grease from the stoves and kitchen floor? However, if you like good food and a fair beer selection this is the place for you. And they have good happy hour drink specials if you like to get really drunk. If you don't mind sitting on an unknown someone's lap then lunch rush is probably not a problem for you. Elbow room is the only thing that is lacking here. Of the ones I've tried so far the porky, lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, and lamb & mint are all pretty darn good. This is making me hungry for a pasty!  And the friggin' pb & j pasty is incredible!
We just moved offices and landed near the Tempe Cornish Pasty Co.  It's certainly an office favorite.  There is very limited seating so we usually go before 11:45 or after 1pm if it's a lunch rendezvous.  The food is amazing and unless you're from the UP, chances are you haven't had anything like it.  There are a ton of different pasty options.  Every time I look over the menu, it's like Christmas all over again.    Service can be a tad slow, but I realize that perfection isn't pre-made.  The beer selection is outstanding as well.  The staff is solid, very polite, and usually showcase a nice selection of body ink.  Don't be scared to try some apps or lighter fare.  EVERYTHING there is great.  Also, they offer half cooked Pastys.  So you can swoop in grab them and finish cooking at your leisure.  Although I usually like posting up a the bar and taking in the great crowd and atmosphere.    It's a weekly stop for me and I don't see that slowing anytime soon.  I also frequent the location in Mesa (corner of Dobson and Guad).  It's a much larger location with a slighty more upscale feel.  Same great food and service.
I had been waiting to come in here for quite sometime now. My brother is a big fan and my good friend Steph has been recently praising it's glory. So we went in for lunch today. I had looked online at the website ahead of time at the menu and was impressed with the beer list, as well as the selection of pasties. I was expecting it to be all chicken-pot-pie and shepards pie but it was not the case. It's a very skinny joint with a small amount of seating. I did notice towards the back a booth, which would be great for a big group but parties of 2-4 is probably best. We started off with some beers, which was nice because the pasties take about 20 minutes to cook. Just enough time to quench your thurst and may I just say any place that can make a black velvet (not too many) from there draft is directly put on to my favs. I  appreciate it! I had the Chicken Takki Masala pasty. It was delicious! Perfectly spicy and flavorful, the colors were also fantastic! I did however wish there was more chicken it it, which was cooked and spiced to perfection (the potatoes were as well but the chicken was just wonderful).  Steph had the Greek Chicken pasty which was also delicious. I think next time I'll get one of those for myself. I will definitely be heading back here! Not only was the food good, but they had great tunes on, great service, and good-looking cooks!
It is a big hot pocket!  At least that is how I tried to describe it to my friend before we went tonight.   My friend and I went there tonight for a to go order, to take to our new favorite brewery.  There is no to go order area so we just sat at the bar seating. It took a few minutes for us to decide and just as long for us to be asked what we wanted.   It was one of the rare occasions where deciding was hard, there is an entire vegetarian section of their menu. I went the Veggie Mexican, complete with spicy soy, eggs, cheese and potatoes.   Once you hold a pasty in your hand you can feel the heft and how it will be a filling me. Each bite was full of spicy and savory flavors. The potatoes added a nice texture contrast to the soft eggs and soy.   My friend had the bangers and mash, which he thoroughly enjoyed.  We did have a side of garlic chips (fries) they were neither needed nor great.   Parking right in front can be tight but there is parking in the rear and easy access to the back door.
WOW!! My Mom used to make us pasty's when we were kids, unfortunatley they were never this good! The Bangers and Mash was excellent, M\my wife had the Shepards Pie which she loved! You can never go wrong here with the beer/cider choices, Strongbow & Boddingtons on tap. I will definately return.
This place is dangerous!  It is within walking/stumbling distance of my house and offers car bombs for $3 all day, everyday.  Cornish is usually my default drink stop or eatery when I can't figure out what to eat. Menu is very robust and offers quite a few vegetarian offerings, which is very different and they are actually really good (this coming from a non-veggie).  My favorite is the non-traditional royale with cheese, but I haven't found one I don't like and I've had almost every single one.  They added some side dishes recently to accompany the pasty options and provides a bit more food than I can handle. There are quite a few beer options on tap with some really decent tastes of the UK and others.  I love being able to find Boddington's on draft and they have it here in 32 oz. mugs!  Again, DANGER!
Interesting name, Interesting place. Pretty darn good food! Had an enjoyable lunch of Habiscis Iced Tea and a Cottage Pie Pasty. I was bummed they were out of oven chips.  The restaurant is small and narrow, but packs in a good crowd.  If it wasn't lunch and I didn't have a long way to drive, I would have tried a beer, since they are a pub too. The waitress did a good job keeping my tall glass of tea filled. The food doesn't come out quickly, but thats fine since the pasty was delicious. My friend who I met there for lunch mentioned how it would be nice if they had a sampler platter of select pasties to try, as there is a plethora of choices on the menu, including a list of vegetarian pasties. If I am in Tempe in the near future, I'll make sure to remember this place. Not easy to find at first, but a darn good discovery to make.
I went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago with my bosses. It was packed on a Friday - we sat at the bar and our cook was fantastic! We got to sit and chat with him while he worked away at the orders. I had the chicken pesto pasty and it was wonderful! the bread used is similar to a pastry dough type...but not as sweet. The pasty was so filling, I could barely finish it.  My bosses have been there before and have always wanted to try the peanut butter and jelly pasty - so we all split it as dessert and it was so good. They put bananas in it and drizzle jelly over the whole pasty. It's definitely rich and gooey.   I would totally go back here again and have told my friends about it too! Amazing place.
I went to Arizona with some friends over the weekend, and a local recommended Cornish Pasty. It was so good that we went back the next day.   The servings are HUGE. Across the weekend I sampled the Pilgrim (thanksgiving in a pasty), the salmon one, the apple/caramel dessert, and pesto chicken. Everything was mindblowingly amazing. I really liked the dill sauce in the salmon, and the cranberry on the Pilgrim. I had the leek/potato/stilton soup as well, which was creamy and delicious as well.  I liked it so much that I started looking up the history of cornish pasties on Wikipedia. They're really good. I want to make my own, now.  The location is fairly tiny, so it's not good for groups.
I'd probably give this place 5 stars, except that no place deserves 5 stars until I've had at least three stellar experiences there. Give me a few weeks, I bet I can make that happen.  I stopped in here on Sunday for lunch about 1pm. We walked in to this small, narrow... PACKED bar. Misconception #1, it never occurred to me that we might not be able to get a table!! There was one very large rectangular table near the back, and thankfully the trio seated on just one side of the huge table, graciously allowed my party of two to take the other side. Whew.  I ordered a beer (The waitress even recommended one that wasn't on the menu yet, nice touch) and my sister, who is much better behaved than I am, ordered a water. I ordered the chicken tikka masala pasty (I'm sure it's not really traditional but I have a thing for indian food at the moment) and my  sister got the Chicken Greek.   And we waited... and waited. OK, Misconception #2  :) I mistakenly thought this would be sort of a fast-food place.  It wasn't! It was about a 40 minute wait for the food. And I am NOT complaining... I'm just saying... I had a misconception! It was SO GOOD I'd have waited double the time (although I'd be drunk by that time, considering what a good beer selection they  have, no good would come from that!). Incidentally, the service was quite good and responsive, especially considering how busy they were.   My chicken tikka masala was very flavorful, but only slightly spicy (The waitress told me they make their curry in-house, I assume they make it only mildly spicy to accommodate all diners), I was impressed. My only complaint is that the potatoes inside my tikka masala pasty were still quite firm... but that's probably a matter of personal preference. I like potatoes well done, not still firm. My sister was very happy with her Chicken Greek and she's such a picky eater (I love you Julie!) that it's a damn miracle she liked it that much.   Oh, and our bill was like $22.00. Awesome, I can afford to come here all the time!! We will certainly be back, I look forward to being able to upgrade this place to 5 stars.
Go here. This is one of my friends and I's favorite places, always fun for a night out, lunch or dinner. We've been going for a few years now and with all of my friends, I'm sure we've tried everything on the menu, or just about. Some favorites are the Cajun, the Spicy Asiago, the Philly, though the list could go on about as long as their menu. Beers good. Car bombs are great for those crazier nights. Love love love this place (though the new Mesa location is larger and more comfortable).
I like to try new things, so far I haven't found a pasty that I didn't like. I think the Italian is definitely my favorite.  I personally prefer to take out or get delivery since the actual restaurant is pretty small.
Really good - glad I tried it last year when I went to Phoenix.  For smokers - they did let people smoke in the outside seating area.  For non-smokers thinking to eat outside enjoying the cool desert night with your bangers an' mash - um - that is a consideration to consider.  There's really no way to get away from it if there are smokers outside at the time.
You know when you have those days where you think "diet? what diet?" Yeah, those are the days that I go to the Cornish Pasty Company. Because what is a pasty if not a bread pocket stuffed with all the world's delights and 1,000 calories? Well, maybe not 1,000 calories, but it's close- it's also worth it!   Prior to abandoning meat, my favorite was the royale with cheese (minus the shrooms please). My favorite food in the entire world used to be a round patty of ground beef, sandwiched between two sesame seed buns until I discovered this little treasure. A pocket stuffed with ground beef, cheese,  grilled onions (and get this) french fries!! It honestly doesn't get any better than this. That is of course, until I became a vegetarian.  Now my favorite guilty pleasure has become the cheese and onion pasty. Packed with potatoes, rutabega, cheese and onions, and lots of ketchup on the size. Even though I know all the sodium will cause me to bloat up like a blimp later, I just can't resist eating it all in one sitting. There's a robust vegetarian menu, featuring Quorn brand mock-meat which has been delicious each time I've tried it.   And every now and then, when you're determined to stay on the old diet wagon, but everyone in your lunch meeting wants pasties, fear not, they do have a salad menu! The pasta salad is super yummy, and comes with the option of adding meat if you're looking for some additional protein.  Bottom line, there really is something for everyone at the Cornish Pasty Co. If you haven't tried it yet, do it!
Yum!
There is no point writing a full review with all the good things people have already said (accurately) about Cornish.  I only write to rank my favorites:  1) Carne Adovada 2) Peppered Steak (omgcreamybrandysauce) 3) Spicy Asiago Chicken 4) Pesto Chicken  P.S. GET THE BANOFFEE- I DON'T CARE HOW FULL YOU ARE.   Only request- more beers on tap please!
This place is the ultimate diet killer!  All I can say is that the food here is different and it's awesome.  You simply have to experience it for yourself.  I've only eaten here twice because I am limiting myself to once a month.  I actually schedule eating at this place in my phone.  It's that good!
I'm not going to say what has already been said, this place is the jammy jam, there isn't a bad item on the menu.  I love the atmosphere, very intimate, hole in the wall.  I guess the only downfall is in fact its size, which can be limiting, if they are busy.    The only words of wisdom I would have, is don't shy away from the desserts.  The banoffee pie seems like it "might" be a good idea, but I can ensure you, it is amazing!    Definitely one of my favorite spots in the area!
If you are not familiar with a pasty, it's a savory pocket pie that was originally made to be a portable meal for miners in England. Cornish Pasty Co is one of my favorite haunts. It's hot pockets for foodies. Great food, prepared with fresh ingredients. Everything is made from scratch, from the delicate crust to the savory fillings. They have a huge selection of different fillings (about 35), including a big selection of vegetarian selections. One of my favorites is the Veggie Rosemary Chicken (or non veggie version too). The sides (oven roasted potatoes) and salads are great too. They're open late, so I often stop here after a band gig when I'm starving and sit at the long bar. Service is usually very good.
All their pasties are DELISH.  Side dishes are also awesome and they are super cheap!  What a great place for late night binging of awesome food and drinks.  Ambiance is just what a British pub out to be.
The space is cozy, the drinks are cheap, and the food is homemade.   Short Version: Hot Pockets!  Long Version: Hand-crafted dinners of seasoned, good-quality meats and veggies (or vegetarian options) wrapped in a flaky, buttery, baked, melt-in-your-mouth carbo-load of a crust. The menu runs the full spectrum and includes the standard list of limey choices plus salmon, mexican choices, indian, vegetarian, and even a cheeseburger complete with french fries - IN the crust! Food is hot and fast, service is outstanding (anyone can and will help you), and the soups are to DIE for - chunky yet smooth, appropriate levels of salt, and fresh ingredients with flavor that really pops.  They also have $3 Irish Car Bombs. Boo-YEAH!
This place is great, I really should make an effort to come out more often.  The Reuben is so great!  They have a good selection of beers and good prices.  I am not really sure what else to say here, as the other things I can think of are mentioned in other people's reviews.  I just know that I will definitely be going back.
By far, one of the best pasties I've ever had! car bombs are dirt cheap!  If you're craving for English pub food, come here! they do have other variations of pasties like Mexican fillings, but don't get that, stick with the typical English.  Stay away from the Curry fries, it's sooo salty for some reason!  The inside was designed very narrow which means seating is limited.  So you walk in and it's just a narrow path with 2-4 person tables and back area with bench seating to fill a dozen people.
This was the first time I ever tried a Pasty, but won't be the last. I met a friend here for lunch and was very surprised by the little hole in the wall establishment that provided big flavors. I had the philly cheese-steak pasty and it was great. Took the OG one home to my boyfriend and he loved it... he asked why I didn't bring him 2. The menu is big so anyone can find something they will most definitely enjoy. I'll be going back soon for more.
Was very busy but the food was excellent.  I left with a very satisfied tummy. Will definitely go back next time I'm in town.
There are two tricks here. Show up early, and the car bombs are only $3.  My friends and I came in for dinner before a concert. We arrived to a empty place at 5:35 by 6:00 all but a few seats were taken. Keep in mind that this place is quite small.  This go around I went more traditional with veggie oggie. $7 It is filled with veggie steak, potatoes, rutabaga and onion. It was pretty good but not as filling as the Mexican.  For sides my friend got the baked beans, it come looking like a French onion soup, capped with a large clump of melted cheddar in a small cast iron dish. The Beans them self are nothing to special.  Custom pasties are not really an option with their long prep time FYI  On a small note I also like the metal plates, metal is just a great substance.
This place has something for everyone - from mexican, to traditional english, greek and indian. The food is more than filling, the price is very reasonable for what you get, and the staff is friendlier than most places I've been. They serve good beer, and serve $3 car bombs all the time - if you don't like the food, it's easy to drink until you do. It's not very spacious, but that adds to the charm - you may spend up to 15 minutes waiting for a 2-top, but I've never really minded the wait. The soundtrack is better than any you're going to find - I recently ate my Bangers and Mash while listening to Clarence Carter - Strokin'. This quickly devolved into a singalong for several of us, something I would be surprised to find out happens quite often here. I've heard some people say that their pasties aren's as good as other places, but I doubt that these others have the variety and consistent quality that the Cornish has. The salads served here are of exceptional quality as well.  The only problem I've come across here is that the pasties are pre-made, meaning that special requests (no mushrooms, extra meat, etc) cannot be honored. Usually this does not present a problem, but it is something to be aware of.
Dear Cornish Pasty, you live up to your hype. You win.   I have been wanting to try Cornish Pasty Co. for some time, but I honestly thought it was just hyped up on yelp. I mean, it's just a hot pocket...right? WRONG. First off, their menu does not just consist of pasties. They have a handful of salads that looked delicious and sides. I started with a cup of their potato leek soup. The flavors were so intense and rich. I enjoyed every spoonful. I also tried the mushroom walnut spinach and that was also beyond delicious. Finally it came time to select our pasty. This time I split the asiago chicken. Trust me, splitting was a good choice. I don't think I could finish one on my own. The asiago chicken was full of flavor. It was spicier than I expected, but the sour cream dulled the heat. Nevertheless, it was delicious.   We ran out of time so we didn't get to try dessert, but that is just another reason to come back.
I ate at Cornish Pasty last night and I already want to go back and try some of their other Pasties.  First time going to this place and I really enjoyed the darker, cramped atmosphere.  They had good music playing too.  Waitress was very nice, Started off with some car bombs, $3 anytime, great deal.  Ordered some food and got some beers and about 5 or 10 minutes after than the waitress informed us that she forgot to put in our order.  So she gave us 2 free car bombs.  Nice, the food came out quickly after that so I was pretty happy she forgot about the order.    Food was very good, i liked the spicy asiago chicken, could have been spicier.  My girlfriend said she enjoyed the italian.  Overall, great place for relatively cheap priced food and drinks.
Excellent place to get a pasty.  Fairly quick service in a rustic atmosphere.  The primary seating is kitchen-adjacent, and they serve you on metal plates.  However, don't let the rustic atmosphere fool you, the food is top-notch.
This narrow restaurant is tucked away in a strip mall in Tempe near ASU. Popular among the hippy type, it reminds me of my time in Portland, OR. There are only a handful of two seater tables and one long bar for seating. The restaurant fills up fast at dinner time and is a very tight fit to try to find an open seat among patrons and servers.   I ordered the Royale with Cheese. I would have liked to have it without mushrooms but the pasties are pre-made so no changes or substitutions can be made. Luckily the mushrooms were pretty big and easy to pick out. The pasty was delicious overall but the meat was a bit salty. The menu says it has french fries but they are really just potatoes cut like fries and not actually deep fried. I liked that. I was afraid the french fries would make it too greasy but they were a great addition.   My friend had a Cottage Pie Pasty. He said it was delicious and had no complaints. The red wine sauce complimented it well.  As I noted above, this place can get pretty busy and the servers run around like crazy serving and bussing tables. Service isn't superb but the food really makes up for it. Go here and you won't be disappointed.
It must be good, as I keep coming back. They have a great veg selection, it is cheap, and it tastes great, and makes a good to go food. If only it were healthier.  My last trip here was another to go, and good thing too as there were no tables and only single bar seats.  I went  with the salmon pasty, it has everything I like in it, asparagus, potato and of course salmon. It comes with  dill mayo sauce.  My experience told me that fish does not do well in baked formats like this, and I was right, to bake the dough the fish ends up over cooked and dry. Luckily the Dill sauce was able to remedy that.   While this pasty it self was not the best I will be back again to try yet another.
I want to give Cornish Pasty 4 stars, I really really do. The pasties themselves are delicious. It's been about two months since I went for the first time and I've been dreaming about them ever since.   When I went I ordered the Shepherd's Pie (Lamb, peas & carrots, grilled onions, mashed potatoes and cheese with a side of gravy) and it was well worth the trip down to Tempe. The gravy was definitely necessary as without it, it would have been a bit dry. I tried to order the french fries and was told they didn't have any left, despite it being only 8pm on a Saturday night.   The reason for my star-stringiness has to do with the level of service. We had 4 people and when we walked in they were pretty busy. There was a table in the back that just needed to be cleaned off. A waitress came up and told us to wait there for a minute while she cleaned it off. About 30 seconds later a waiter came up and told us not to stand by the front and to go stand by the table. We walked back by the table and then got yelled at by the waitress for not listening to her. From that point on she seemed pretty pissed off at us. It was to the point that I felt uncomfortable even just asking her for a cup of water.   Despite the unfriendly server, I'll definitely go back for another tasty pasty!
Little place tucked away but amazingly good
Easily one of my favorite places in Arizona, let alone Tempe.  And that's from day one... (I was pretty late to the Cornish Party).  The atmosphere is unbeatable... feels like I'm in San Fran or London.  The steak / blue cheese pasty is fannnnnnnntastic.
A hybrid of a Calzone and a glorified Hot Pocket, Stuffed with some of the most amazing combos of food you could think of! you could go here for lunch everyday for months and never get the same thing and be just as happy every time! Wouldn't go at lunch time though, it's out of control busy!! Great selection of alcohol as well. TWO THUMBS UP!
If you can find it you will enjoy it - It's a tiny place located around the FAR left side of the plaza on the NE corner of Hardy and University in Tempe.  The Pasty, I was informed, is a long ago English mining tradition. Which breaks down to it basically being a "Limey's" take on a burrito. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limey  We tried this for lunch on Sunday - Her cheese steak pasty was amazing, and my chicken pot pie pasty was delicious too. The crust is so so flaky, and the "oven chips" with jalapeos were the best I've had. This is NOT fast food, so don't be in a rush when you visit.
My absolute favorite spot in Tempe! Such a surprising treat from such a hole-in-the-wall type spot. The beer selection is quite nice and their pasty's (pronounced Pass-Tee) are perfectly prepared. I've had everything on the menu, but keep finding myself ordering the Pilgrim over and over again. Definitely finish it off with the banoffee pie for the overall experience.  They also have a vegetarian version of nearly all their pasty's which is quite nice.
Just got in from CPC, and had a great time!  Our server was great, and she got us started right away with drinks. This time around, I got the cajun chicken, J. got the chicken asiago, and S. got the chicken alfredo. I was super pleased with my pasty (past-ee), the chipotle added a great kick, oh and I got a side of garlic mashed potatoes that are bomb.   *insert $3 irish car bombs*  after chatting it up a bit, J decided he wanted dessert and after asking the server which was her favorite, we got the Shirley's Favorite, which is some sort of cake baked in a cast iron pot, served with ice cream, with was muy delish.   All in all, it was a good time had at CPC.
Now this here was a good recommendation and a pleasant surprise.  This location is literally a hole in the wall (or a small hallway through a wall).  You have a tiny path to walk between tables squished up against the wall and the bar.  Behind the bar is where the employees are cramped between the ovens and the cooking area/bar making stuff up for the customers and tripping over one another trying to maneuver around in that tiny space.  Now...don't be distressed.  It was actually a good experience.  I stopped in after work by myself, pulled up a seat at the bar.  A nice young lady from behind the bar came up to take my order.  I had never been here before, so had some questions.  Also, not being a huge onion fan (at least if they are really strong) I asked about the Porky, which aside from onion in the ingredient list, looked quite good.  She assured me the taste was mild and I would not notice.  I took her at her word and she was correct.  I did not notice and enjoyed my porky.  I got it along with a hard cider and garlic roasted "chips" (fries).    All in all...I was impressed by the good service, very knowledgeable staff, and in general, good food.  I think I might enjoy some of the other pasties(sp?) a bit more...but the Porky was good and quite flavorful.  The fries...the garlic they baked them with didn't really stick...so it was hit and miss...but overall...still good.  My only complaint really was by the time I got a beer, meal, and fries, it was nearly $20.  $7+ for the entree, $5 for the cider, and ~$3 for the fries.  Somewhat pricey.  But otherwise, good.  Top-notch service.
This place was great. Its different. Great menu. Pretty good service considering the place was small and packed full of people.  Sitting at the bar the cook answered all our questions as the made our food. Food was great and the desert was even better.
Great place. Fast service and interesting atmosphere. Wonderful food- the pesto chicken was amazing. Not as hard to find as I thought it'd be. You've gotta go.
Delicious, affordable, huge menu with tons of vegetarian choices. I recomend the Chipotle sauce and the garlic potatos with Cheese.
My main problem with the Cornish Pasty Company is inconsistency.  I've had pasties that were simply divine, and I kept going back.  Once I started getting ones that were a little icky, I just assumed they were having an off day.  I stopped going after my boyfriend and I got sick.  I really want to like this place, and I do like some things about it.  The crust on the pasties is always fab, but the fillings are hit or miss.  I always got either the Oggie or the Pilgrim, and the Oggie was more consitently good.  Once I tried the Pilgrim, it became my instant favorite since is had turkey and stuffing inside, and came with cranberry sauce for dipping.  But like I said, their lack of consistency, as well as the fact that I got sick last time I went, has made me not want to give them any more chances.
The best word I can think of to describe this place is charming. My boyfriend introduced me to this place and at first I was thinking of a fancy hot pocket (not something im particularly a fan of). As I walked in I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere from the dim lights to the dingy checkerboard floor tiles, it reminded me of one of those hidden treasures I used to find burrowed around NYC. I ordered a hibiscus tea which if you are like me and enjoy unsweetened tea you will absolutely adore it. I poked through the menu and nothing really caught my eye until I came across the lamb vindaloo and I had made my decision. The food took a while to get there but considering the very chill setting and laid back personality surrounding this place it shouldn't bother you at all. It tasted great the only improvement they could have made was maybe putting a little rice in the pasty as well but to each his own. What really made this pasty delish was the cream sauce that accompanied it. I brought the heat down while complimenting the flavor. When all was said and done I was stuffed and had leftovers. We also go the garlic mashed potatoes which are equally as amazing but I would advise against getting them for take-out because they only taste good fresh. Me and my boyfriend love this place so much that we started a project where we get Cornish pasty once a week. He is starting at the top of the menu and im starting at the bottom and working our way down and up and trying every single pasty on the menu. Oh yes....its happening.
I just went there for dinner this evening. I've never had a pasty before, but this place has been recommended to me many times. I have to say, it did not disappoint.   I got the Oggie and my buddy got the Italian. I never tasted rutabagas before, but i felt they worked very well inside the pasty. It was quite delicious, but i have to say, when i return i shall probably try something else.   My buddy said the Italian was great. It was essentially a calzone, but he swears it was better than any calzone he had ever gotten at a pizza place.
Kristen and I are practically regulars here. I remember the first time we went after hearing about it here on Yelp, we ended up leaving with the 'ole "where have you been my whole life" feeling. This place is awesome.      The Cornish Pasty is located on the side of a very random and small strip mall, if you didn't know you were looking for it you would probably not even notice it. It is small on the inside, a narrow straight corridor with, I believe, nine table, most of them two seaters, and while it has no big budget decorations, it is completely inviting and welcoming. It just feels right inside, a combination of old mining photos and 1940's country, a bare floor and a huge bar with completely open kitchen area to chat with the cooks while imbibing. We have consistently had great service when eating here, the waiters and waitresses are always very friendly and talkative, it's a fun place to be.  The food is top notch and super cheap, you can leave totally full and pay less than ten bucks, incredible. We have probably been here a couple dozen times and I have tried a large majority of the menu and have not found a pasty I didn't enjoy yet. Kristen's favorites are the Italian, which is pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, basil and tomatoes with a marinara dipping sauce and the Pilgrim, which is turkey, sweet potatoes, grilled onions, stuffing and a red wine gravy, and I can attest, they are both delicious. My favorites are the Mexican, which is spiced steak strips, potatoes, eggs, hatch chilies and cheddar with a side of sour cream and the Shepard's Pie, which is lamb, peas, carrots, grilled onions, mashed potatoes and cheddar with a side of gravy, these are both like heaven in your mouth. And if you enjoy the occasional beer, Rogue Hazelnut Brown Nectar is my favorite and they have it on tap, they actually have a pretty good selection of brews.      If you have not tried the Cornish Pasty Company yet, you are doing yourself a great disservice, you can stop by today and get a cold beer a warm pasty and a full stomach for well under twenty bucks. You having nothing to lose.
Not sure where to begin with this place, but I'm soon moving from Tempe and I'll be missing this place as much as anywhere else. Every Pasty I've had is delicious, and I am particular to the Cajun Chicken. My wife always gets the Veggie Cottage Pie, and swears by it.  The atmosphere is fantastic for a casual dinner and drinks with wife, sig other, or friends. Has a decent import selection for drinks (not large, but well ranged). The wait staff is always friendly. My first return trip to Tempe will lend itself to a trip or two here. One of the few unique and home grown places in Tempe that are worth a visit.
I love both locations. It is a rare menu that has so many things I would actually eat without subtractions. I have only been 4 times (and tried something different each time) but I want to keep coming back. I am working my way through a long list of pasties that I want to try. Keep in mind, I dont drink alcohol so I am not eating this stuff just to accompany a Guinness or Strong Bow. I really like it. All of it.  My only complaint is that the Tempe location does not allow for groups larger than 2. OK, they have a couple of tables for 6 but thats really it. If you dont get there before the dinner rush, you dont get to sit with your group.
i still love the food, the place is just super small its hard to move around and go with a party of more than 4 people. If you wanna try it out and have a large group go to the Mesa location.
Wow! Lamb Vindaloo pasty!!   Shh... Don't tell some of the Indian restaurants in Tempe, but this was the best vindaloo I've had so far in the area. It's that good! Top that off with the mint sauce they served with it and you have one hell of a meal. I also got to try the carne adovada pasty, and it was amazing as well. Imagine the contents of an amazing burrito inside a flaky pastry crust, and there ya go! Needless to say that I will be back here. I really can't believe it took me years to go here, but I'm glad I at least got around to it.
The food here is amazing. The atmosphere is nice too, when you sit at the counter you can watch them cook. Its the best place to go in the winter too. Nice cold beer and a hot pasty. *drool*
Ok so there are plenty of great reviews of this place already but I'm going to throw mine into the mix as well.   The food here is fantastic, but if you've ever walked in there around lunch time you could probably figure that out from the crowd. Everytime I come in I try a new one and I'm always happy with it, I've yet to come across a pasty I didn't like here.  When it comes out you might not think it's that much - but portions are deceiving because the food's pretty heavy. My main tip to you is only eat half and then pause to let it sink in - take a break to drink your beer or something. I always force myself to save the second half and it makes me much less sleepy when I head back to work after lunch :) Plus it makes great leftovers.
I had the meat and cheese pasty with the red wine gravy..all I can say is that my mouth was soooo happy the entire time I was eating it! I did not eat in the restaurant, my husband ate there and brought me home the pasty. You have to put it in the oven for about 15-25 minutes, and the crust continues to cook though and becomes buttery, flakey, and delicious. The red wine gravy was very flavorful and added extra goodness to the sausage and cheese that was inside. I can not wait to try some other fillings on my next visit.  Also, the husband said that even though they were packed at lunch, they still received excellent service in the restaurant. They bake each pasty when ordered, so it does a little while to get your order...at least 25-35 minutes.
Simply great.  Excellent array of beers on tap and in the bottle.  Decent wine list.    Food was fantastic.  Was with a group so I had the luxury of sampling a number of entrees.  The carne adovada was phenomenal.  Whatever dish you think you want, get it the second time you go and have the carne adovado first!
Whoever said that British food was gross and bland has never tried this place. The owner Dean is an amazing person with a passion for his food and it shows in everything that is served. The best Guinness in Arizona to go with a filling Oggie, the traditional pasty. I found this gem while at ASU and make a stop there every time I'm in the valley.
Loved this place!  The food was Amazing and Simple. I ordered the Porky which has pork, onions, apples, potatoes, sage and a side of red wine gravy and fell in love with this dish. This dish was perfectly blanaced with just the right amount of sweet and saltiness and the crust was perfect.  They have a pretty good drink selection here and the service is great. I would recommend this place to anyone.
Good food, great service!
Not only has everything I've had (in excess of a dozen dishes) been great, but the face-to-face bar atmosphere has made many of the employees friends on a first-name basis. In fact, I'm embarrassed to admit that they remember my name more often than I remember theirs! More than this antisocial nerd can say for most restaurants. Seriously this place is great, and open til midnight. The only way you'll possibly be disappointed is if you hate pasties, soups, and salads, or if you hit them at the peak of rush hour. Why haven't you tried it yet? GET GOING! They're probably still open!
I was getting my race on at f1 race factory and decided to kick start my yelp search engine to find a nearby restaurant . So I  decided to eat here because of the high praise from the yelp community and it reminded me of the line in tropic thunder when he says pasty tea bag. By the way I recommend the movie as highly as I do this eatery. It was a chill laid back bar atmosphere. I've only had it the one time, but that was enough for me to be confident in saying 100% of the time its good everytime.
3.5 stars  Remember when Hot Pockets were the best invention EVER? Well now there's a restaurant that is totally dedicated to a fancy hot pocket filled with tasty treats! Yup, Cornish Pasty Co!  After promising myself that I would try this place for way too long, I decided to go with a co-worker for my first visit. For my first trip to CPC, I chose the Tikka Masala pasty. It was pretty good! I guess I was hoping for a serving of spicy, somewhat creamy, and savory tikka masala served in a hot pocket. What I got was a good hot pocket full of chicken and some sauce. Not nearly has juicy and spicy as I had imagined it would be, but still good. I chose the peanut butter and jelly pasty for a dessert to take home with me. When I got home and baked it, I took a bite and it was peanut butter and apple jelly? I was confused. It was ok.  On my second trip to CPC, I had the cheeseburger pasty. That was pretty darn good! The meat was juicy and a little grease was dripping out of the pocket, which meant that it was nice and juicy!   Whenever I am tempted by a hot pocket, I make sure that I head to CPC for a well made, tasty, more sophisticated version!
Wow, never have I though that pub food could be this delicious. Cornish Pasty Co. is by definition a hole in the wall well worth driving too from any where in the valley if you are seeking simple, affordable and downright deliciously satisfying food.  The menu is impressively varied, from typical, premium to signature pasties. I went with the lamb vindaloo and its spiciness left me goofy with delight.  There is no host/hostess at the entrance, so you can either seat yourself at the bar, and you can even hang your purse from underneath the counter!  The service is warm, friendly and efficient. Dinner for two without drinks was a bargain at $ 25.
After viewing Yelp for many years I finally decided to start an account of my own and enter the wonderful world of review writing. What better restaurant to start with then my absolute fav, The Cornish Pasty. I live in San Diego and every time I come to Tempe it's always an absolute stop! Their menu is large and diverse and can please anyone! My favorite part is the vegetarian options that are amazing, even if you are not vegetarian. I have gone probably 5-10 times and every time try something new and love it. I have looked for places that sell Cornish Pasties in other locations over the U.S. although have not been successful. I wish I could wrap this place up, put it in my pocket, and take it with me on all my travels!   P.S- the PBJ dessert is AMAZING!
Everything on the menu is good - great drink prices!
I am writing this with both respect and frustration for this restaurant. Having spent time in the UK, I was familiar with the famous "meal in a pastry" that originates from the mining town of Cornwall.   Few restaurants compare when it comes to simplicity and variety. I have become addicted to the cajun with it's spicy chicken, ham, and cheesy goodness. My girlfriend always seems to order the veggie tikka masala. I have tried much of the menu, and as long as you stay with the pasties, you are fine. The potato dishes are sort of hit and miss. The cheesy one is sort of bland  and the curried potato lacks the crunchiness that would otherwise put it on a great tapas menu. Finally, I would add that the beer selection is quite good and offers several sizes of great draft beers from the British Isles.  So yeah, food is great, and for dine in the prices are decent. My big frustration, and the reason I am writing this has to do with my experience tonight. I have taken to ordering pasties to go because the wait staff is often slow or inattentive. This is normally fine because I can stay at home and watch a movie while I eat. Indeed, I have been trying to save money by ordering half-baked pasties, and in the past they have knocked a dollar off of each of the pasties I've ordered regardless of type. Tonight I ordered two half-baked pasties to take home and the woman operating the cash register refused to give me the usual dollar off. Very, very annoying and this is the sort of inconsistency in the staff that keeps me from awarding five stars. Food=great, service=less than stellar.
I like this place because of how original it is and the menu has something for everyone.  Unfortunately it is tucked away in a hard to spot location and therefore continues to be a great secret.  I would recommend to anyone in Arizona to make a trip over and see what this place is all about. I think everyone will be happy with it.
"Pasties were originally filled with strawberry jam, eaten by miners in the UK. Not very authentic  but I see these ppl got creative" -- my Brit buddy from London.  From my POV: Pretty chillaxed place.  The food is incredibly greasy if you're into that stuff.  It was pretty different for my taste. (Then again, I'm a VERY picky eater) I had the mashers and bangers (mashed potato and pork stuffed into a greasy shell like that on a chicken pot pie except richer in fat). It was so and so. Kind of bland.  Second time around, I had the Italian style one with Salami and other yummy stuff in it. It was much better than the bland mashers and bangers.  I'm 5 ft 1 and 90 lbs, I couldn't finish one full pasty.
Dating back hundreds of years, the Cornish pasty comes from humble beginnings. The half moon shaped baked pastry filled with meat and vegetables was designed as a lunch for soot-covered Cornish tin miners. To eat it, miners would hold the pasty at the crimped edge, and then discard that part after eating the rest of the pasty. This way the miners didn't eat the dirt they were covered in, missing out on ingesting stuff like arsenic that was common in the mines. While most tin mining is gone, we're fortunate to have the Cornish Pasty Co., which specializes in pasties.  With restaurants in Tempe and Mesa, each location has its own spirit. While both are laid back, the Tempe location has a more subdued feel with dim lighting and no windows. Mesa has a brighter interior with indie rock blaring over the sound system.  If you enjoy watching kitchen action, belly up to the bar at either locale for a first-hand look into the hard work that goes into making their delicious pasties.  As soon as I entered the Tempe location, the warm smell of wine gravy and fresh baked crust covered me like a blanket of mouth-watering comfort. The feeling was like going home for the holidays. I know it's a million degrees outside, but the feeling transcends the summer heat.  The first pasty I tried, The Pilgrim ($8), exemplified everything that tastes good at Thanksgiving, luscious turkey breast, sweet potatoes, stuffing and grilled onions all wrapped in a tender crust, then served with a side of cranberry sauce. After one bite, I felt like I needed to pay thanks to someone.  The Porky ($7) is filled with all that is good: pork, apples, potatoes, onions and sage and served with a side of red wine gravy. The problem with the gravy is that it's so tasty I'm not sure whether to dunk my pasty into it or drink it.  Never able to resist a good burger, I decided to take a chance with the Royale with Cheese ($7.50). Ordered medium, this pasty was brimming with a juicy hamburger, French fries and cheese and served with a side of Thousand Island dressing. As the meat juices ran down my face, I couldn't help but think of the scene in Pulp Fiction where John Travolta explains to Samuel Jackson what the name of a Quarter Pounder with Cheese is in Amsterdam.  The Peanut Butter and Jelly ($5) was served piping hot. One bite of this was not going to be enough. Filled with creamy peanut butter, raspberry preserves and sliced banana, the sweet goodness oozed out after the first cut was made. The plate was expertly cleaned in mere moments.  Cornish Pasty Co. has a small, but great, beer selection, including one of my favorites, Kronenbourg 1664. Plus visit during their daily happy hour from 3-5pm and you'll enjoy a buck off of every pint.
"The Pilgrim" represented everything Thanksgiving--Turkey, sweet potatoes, stuffing, and onions--all in a crust. It was served with a side of cranberry sauce and red wine gravy. I loved it.   If you're near ASU, go try it. The place is  small, but you should be fine sitting at the bar.
It never fails: I'm never disappointed. You can't go wrong here. Great atmosphere, good people, awesome food! If you've never had a pasty then I feel for you!  I absolutely love the Lovely Bit a Salmon, but other great ones are the Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Tikka Masala, Rosemary Chicken, Pilgrim and the awesome Chicken Greek. Many of their pasties are available vegetarian style too.
Pasties are awesome.  They are freshly baked pockets filled with yummy goodness.  This is not 5-star dining, but it is good comfort food.  I have tried the lamb and mint, bangers and mash, and pesto chicken.  All are tasty, but I really recommend the bangers and mash.  The sausage and mash potatoes went really well together.  Really, you can never go wrong with mash potatoes.  The sitting area is very small, but the bar can be an interesting option since you get to see the cooks at work.  I usually go for lunch, so I cannot speak to their beer selection.  That would certainly go well with a pasty though...  Keep your eyes peeled when going there for the first time.  It is easy to miss!  I usually pull into the parking lot from Hardy Dr off University.  The restaurant is facing Hardy.
The peppered steak pasty is amazing and the peppercorn brandy sauce is so addictive. Also the carne adovada pasty is great. They have too many pasties to choose from which is just another reason to keep coming back.  For dessert, get the banoffee pie but save room because it is huge ( big enough for two people or more).  Also, if you like beer they have a lot of it and you can get steins if quantity is your thing.
Go here for the food and to have one or two drinks. This is definitely a place to start a long night in Tempe or a place to order take out from when you are just watching a movie on the couch all night.  Their European beer selection is pretty decent for a place that just one fridge holding it's entire beer selection (Yes, they have Boddingtons).   The Pasty's are great! I typically order the Bangers & Mash one, while my girlfriend orders Chicken Pot Pie with extra gravy, which she swears by. I've read good reviews about their desserts, but I've always been too full.   Definitely a great place!
I wish this was closer to where I live.  I'd be there all the time.  I love that it's small and everything I've ordered has been great.  I love that it has it's own sensibility and it's not fancy it's just solid good food.  Maybe it's better that it's not closer otherwise I'd gain 50lbs QUICK. They have a decent beer selection. Finally a place that doesn't have patrons who are more concerned with what labels they're wearing who don't get that IKEA decorated restaurants are not COOL.
This place is absolutely awesome.  Everything you read in the other reviews is true.  Pastys are hot pockets of pastry filled with love.  I had the peppered steak pasty with the peppercorn brandy sauce and it was amazing.  My server Justin was awesome, very friendly and understanding that this was my first visit.  The location in Tempe is small but full of character.  Sit at the bar and watch the food being made.  Even the cooks were friendly and willing to talk about what they were doing.  Absolutely have an Irish Car bomb (Guinness with a shot of Jameson whiskey and Bailey's Irish Cream).  They are only $3 a day, every day!!!  The place is a bit hard to find but it's totally worth the work.  Your efforts will be rewarded.
Why isn't there a place like this where I live?  I am seriously going to be looking for excuses to come to Tempe so I can eat here again.  Decent beer list, and pub food with a large vegetarian section... very rare!  I had the portabello pasty and it was fabulous.  Can't wait to come back and try something else!
ya know this place is so good, and so unassuming it's a great find.  the food is awesome.  i really enjoy the curry potatoes ....  i've had the mushy peas.  both excellent.  and as far as the pasties i am trying to get thru the entire menu.  and i have not really been disappointed yet.  some i like more than others but that's not changing my review in the slightest.  i've been to both locations and they are very different in scope and appearance but the food is the true star!  the vindaloo is spicy and delicious.  i've had the royale w/ cheese and it's awesome tho it might give you the meat sweats !  chicken pot pie....  bangers and mash...  all really good and such a low key cozy spot.  i'm craving one now...
amazing (!) pasties outside of Michigan/U.P. - pleasantly surprised to discover Cornish Pasty Co. was worth the hype. Bangers/Mash & Lamb/Mint pasties were both delish.  would come here almost just for the fantastic beer list - local brews (Kilt Lifter, Oak Creek Nut Brown Ale), pale ales, stouts. Guinness already a steal at $4 normally, $3 during very happy hr. everyday 5-7.  restaurant is a cozy fit (not group-friendly) being long/narrow, with the bar running 2/3-length of the restaurant.  experienced oddly slow service, but servers were friendly.
This place is soooo good! The food is finally something different from the normal bar fare you find at most places in this area.  If you've never had a pasty...stop reading this, get in your car, and drive to Cornish Pasty Co.  They have a gigantic menu with everything from veggie pasties, to indian and mexican pasties, and everything in between.  So far I've tried The Rosemary Chicken, The Pepper Steak, The Pesto Chicken, and The Mexican, I'd say The Rosemary Chicken was my favorite, but it really depends on what kind of mood you're in, there's really no way you can go wrong with any order...hey anything with that much butter in the crust could never be bad!!! ;)  The only thing I would change about this place is the happy hour.  A dollar off drinks doesn't really blow my skirt up.  Maybe some food specials???  Well, at least Irish Car Bombs are only 3 dollars all the time...but I don't always feel like forgetting the entire night...hmmm, guess I'll just pay full price for my experience...it's worth it!
It was pretty busy in there.  we were able to find somewhere to sit right away but it took them awhile to get to clear the dirty table and ask us for our drinks.  I ordered the lamb vindaloo.  I was told that it was the spiciest pasty they had but had not hint of spicy in it whatsoever.  I was looking forward to a very spicy meal.  My husband ordered the cajun chicken which actually tasted spicy.  Next time i'm going to have to ask more question.  The Arnold Palmer's don't taste like lemonade at all.
when I came it  was  hard to tell if it was open or not. the store front is a bit out of the way. it is alot smaller then I thought it would be. its about two tables wide (with the bar in that size). so about 5-6 tables in all and very loud in there I did not see any tv(was not really looking but the music was blasting.    I found this place by looking up vegetarian restaurant for my girl friend.  they have a look of good picks for vegetarians.  I had the Lamb/Mint pasties. I like lamb but it can be hard to cook at times. this has to be some of the best cook lamb I have had and the pasties are light and buttery.   also got the side of "chips" (fry's for us in the usa) they where ok but I would not order them again. still may try the curry potato but I really like curry. they also part cooked some pasties to go so I could bring it home to some one else (seems like they would do that for anything on the menu. says to cook it at 425 for 15-20 mins.  I know I will be back here in two week or so to try something else for sure.
Get the soup! It is to die for. All the waiters are great and the food is VERY tasty!
In my single days, this was my default first-date restaurant: laid-back and casual, cheap, and fast enough that a potentially disastrous first date wouldn't drag on for more than an hour. My fiancee (who, oddly enough, I did not bring here on our first date) and I still come here occasionally. I discovered it back in 2005, shortly after it opened, when a friend told me about it; it's gotten pretty well known now, but with its location, it's not the kind of place you'd just stumble upon.  I've tried many different pasties, and I keep coming back to the Oggie (the "Original Pasty") with the red wine gravy. Paired with a Hoegarden, it's the best meal for the money in Tempe.
I'm happy to say that a few weeks ago I ventured back down to Tempe for some pasties and was pleasantly surprised at the level of service I received. It was like night and day from the first time. The server was so sweet, so attentive and she really couldn't have been any better!   I got the chicken tikka masala pasty and it was delicious, but a little too spicy for my taste buds. My bf and I each got a shepherd's pie to go and had them for lunch the next day. They give them to you partially baked, recommending you cook them the rest of the way right before eating. As we both ate them at work we cooked them that night and just re-heated them in the microwave the next day. Even reheated in a microwave they were so good!   Special props go out to the amazing server that bumped my rating up to 4 stars. :)
Love,love,love! thats all I can say about the Cornish Pasty Company, My brother took me here  a while back and Ive been having cravings ever since,My favorite is the Mexican..its spicy and delicious,kind of tastes like an enchilada.....the best enchilada in the WORLD! but seriously if you havent tried this place out you need to go....like now! if I didnt live so far away I would be there right now gobbling down my mexican!
this place was awesome! me and a friend were first timers, but i have heard many good things. we arrived around 12:30p right around lunch rush. it was pretty packed but we waited probably not more then 2 minutes for a table. our waitress was super nice, and the food came out pretty fast too.  i had the royale with cheese, and my friend had the shepards pie. both awesome. cant wait to go back to try some new stuff. good beer selection, and pretty well priced for everything. on top of all that the great staff/service all and all a great experience. glad i finally got to try it.
This place is great.  The food is just excellent! Very small place, feels like it should be in new york city or something...  Every pasty i've eaten here (probably 5 varieties) have been EXCELLENT.
Bloody awesome. Seriously.  Ok, my significant other and I walked in around 8 pm on a Friday night. I think if we came a little earlier we'd probably have to wait for seating. We thought the place would be larger, its a little small, but that's ok. It felt like we were in a British pub, and I've been dying to go to London. No, but seriously, the atmosphere is really cool and very original. Service as well as the staff here are very friendly and really cool.  I don't drink, but the prospect of getting to choose from tons of locally brewed and imported beer is appealing. We ended up ordering a cheese steak pasty and a chicken tikka masala pasty. I was extremely skeptical and thought I was going to be in for a big disappointment. What business did this British pub even have THINKING about chicken tikka masala? To my surprise, I think I just tasted the BEST CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA IN PHOENIX. Hold up, Cornish Pasty Company, a BRITISH type PUB HAS THE BEST CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA in PHOENIX. I know, you must think I'm nuts, but I'm Indian and I thoroughly enjoyed this amazing interpretation of a stereotypical Indian dish. The tikka masala overshadowed the cheesesteak which I thought was rather bland. I think the issue here was that the chicken tikka was so overwhelmingly awesome. I can't wait to go back and have the tikka masala again and perhaps try something else.  Everything here is super fresh, you can see them making the pasties and dough and everything. The pasties have a perfect texture and are golden brown on the outside. If you're unsure of what a pasty is, it is basically a chicken bake or calzone, but with different fillings. Really awesome.  It'd be awesome if the owner of this place decided to get a few TVs, then it'd be even more pub like. Also,  it'd be super duper awesome if he decided to pick up some English Premier League games on the weekends. I would most definitely come down for some breakfast pasties and watch a few games.
Menu has tons of different choices, and every single one looks good! Good beer specials, and interesting servers... fun atmosphere too
Ok, so I know Phoenix isn't known for their Pastys but this place is so freakin amazing I think it could put us on the Pasty map!
I've been to this location and the mesa location over a dozen times. The first time I had "a lovely bit of salmon"...it was amazing. The second time I had the pepper steak, which was also amazing...but let's face it beef is easy. So every other time I've been I have "a lovely bit of salmon" because there's just no place on earth that does salmon better.  I went so far as to bring adults (people over 45) with me one time. They loved it too; even though I have to admit it's a bit noisy and young-ish in the atmosphere....but not too young. ~I know all the songs playing, but many of them are older than I am.
All the positive reviews speak for themselves.  This is a great place to get your eat on and have a couple pints.  There is a pasty for everyone, really.  If you can't find one that suits you, then you need to become anorexic, let your hair fall out and start eating through a feeding tube. Sorry to all the anorexics out there, but seriously, the selection at this place might cure your illness, all I'm saying is you could try.
Fabulous!!!!!
Beef is hard and chewy, and the dough is meh. Having had Cornish Pasties in UK, this doesn't even compare. I think they should make their menu with fewer, better choices.
It has been a LONG TIME since I have been to this place, but I would love to put my 10 cents in.  First off, before eating here I didn't even know meat pies existed.  It was like an awesome burrito but with a flaky crust and WAY more choices.  When I lived in Tempe I was a terribly picky eater and every single time I came in I got the same thing, the meatball pasty.  It was awesome, everytime.  Everything on the menu looks delicious and it looks like the flavors blend together very well.  They are premade before you get there, so you cant really have them take ingredients out, although I am sure if you let them know ahead of time it can be arranged.  So there are 2 things I would like to talk about here.  First, the atmosphere.  Walking in you have a tiny restaurant that has a bar on one side and some small tables against the wall.  All the waiters are tatted up and lend an air of ruggedness to the joint.  As you sit at the bar, they are right in front of you rolling up the pasties and behind them are the stoves that they bake your pies in after you order them.  So basically you are sitting at a bar, drinking a cold beer and you can feel the heat from the ovens.  In some places this would be annoying, but again I feel like it lends greatness to the atmosphere.  The music is usually some good British rock and once again, yes, lends to the atmosphere.  So I enjoy feeling like I am in some tiny pub in Cornwall.  Second, THE DESSERT!  I will start with the Strawberry Pavlova which I could have done without.  The meringue shell is light and unless that is your cup of tea, keep on reading.  The PB&J pasty I only had one time and it was good, but second rate for me compared to the next two items.  Next up is the caramel apple pasty.  Delish!  Apple and caramel baked into the pie shell and topped with ice cream.  However nothing in this world can touch the BANOFFEE Pie!  Dig this real quick, a thick graham cracker pie crust.  Top that with caramel.  Top that with whipped cream and top that with bananas.  Oh, and if you are crazy ask them for strawberries too...and ice cream.  Now eat that and tell me you've had a better dessert.  I sure as hell havent!
Went to this place based upon good reviews my wife read on Yelp.  Didn't know what to expect so I was not leaning one way or another.  Kinda thought I was heading towards the Pot Pie, but the waitress suggested the Cajun Chicken.  It was wonderful. The pastry was perfect and the mixed of flavors was really nice.  Nice selection of beers.  Pretty small and not the easiest place in the world to find., especially when the lights were not on outside when we came.(They were on when we left so I am sure it is just some timer issue.)  I would head back to this place anytime to try some other dishes.  Support them, they are local and small business!
Extremely slow service on a Saturday afternoon. There was 10 people here yet it took them 40 minutes to prepare one chicken tikka masala pasty. The curry was hot but the potatoes and chicken were cold. I'm not sure how they managed this. If you have a craving for pasties, go to the Mesa location and save yourself some grief.
1st time in Mesa location had the "Lovely Bit Salmon" and it was fantastic. Last time in the Tempe location had the "Vindaloo Lamb" and it was a totally different taste but same result ... amazing!  Love the story behind the main/only course the Pasty! Perfect restaurant to try every item on the menu.   Also their soup/bread/butter appetizers are delicious.
Fantastic food!  Try the PB&J Dessert Pasty.  Amazing.  Wonderful, happy staff.  Clean and efficient operation.  The Peppered Steak pasty is my favorite.
One of the original gastro-pubs in Arizona.  Great beer, and even better food.  Can't say I'm a fan of the dessert pastys but the everything else is amazing.  You can get traditional ones such as shepard's pie, oggies etc. or you can tikka masala which is amazing.  The place is small and you have to be okay with having heavily tattooed/pierced servers wait on you.  The place is small, but comfortable.  I'd be happier if the music was more English but other than that I have no complaints!  Plus the pictures of coal miners are a bit depressing.   Due to seating constraints, I wouldn't recommend large groups, I'd say mostly two or three at the most.
As a Michigan native, I've had plenty of pasties, but this place takes the pasty to a whole new level.  The dough is perfectly crisp and flakey, and there is a pasty to satisfy any taste.  A whole page of awesome vegetarian options too.  But don't stop with the pasty.  Their side dishes and soups are also delishious, and they have an excellent beer selection.    From the outside, you would not expect this place to be so unique.  They're tucked off University in a strip mall, and half the time they forget to turn their sign on.  Don't let that fool you, they hold pretty late hours.  And, they're always busy so if there's more than two of you, be prepared to wait for a table.  The atmosphere is very casual and unpretentious.  The waitstaff is very friendly, and I think there's a mustache requirement for the guys.  From a seat at the counter, you can watch the kitchen prepare your meal.  It's pretty impressive how they operate in such tight quarters without burning or stabbing eachother.    Bottom line, this place rocks.
i like this place. It's informal, inexpensive and it's kind of fun.  You have to applaud how efficiently it's run and where else can you eat a pasty? Some are great and some aren't but it's a good place to stop for lunch.  $10 and you're golden.
stumbled in looking for some late dinner on a Monday night.  I was skeptical because from the outside it look like the lights are out and walking in it's about the size of a hallway with a small room on the end.  I'm glad I persevered.  The beer on tap  english and cold.  The pasty menu is impressive -25-30 types.  I chose the Veggie chicken tikka masala.  Nice spice and served with yogurt.  I'm not sure ti's worth the money without a side of some sort but it was damn good and filled me up especially when paired with a couple 20ouncers.  The staff is cool and the music choices rock.  i know I heard some Nick Cave and some Tom Waits.  Left with an order of oven baked fries.  Cooked beautifully.  only complaint is that the jalapeos shold have been some kind of covering instead of served next to them BUT that said the peppers were fresh and hot and minced so fell nicely into the ketchup.  Can't wait to try and grab some for the flight back tomorrow night.
My favorite pasty has been, and always will be, the vegetarian chicken tikka masala. This is not to say that I don't enjoy the other pasties - because I do, very much. But I'll always love the Tikka. The filling tastes like it was made by a short and plump Indian woman, not the tattooed hipsters behind the bar. (I'm okay with that.)  The beer selection is great - including the brews on tap. Plus, $3 car bombs, always. $9-15 bucks later you're feeling like a champion, depending on your alcohol tolerance.   If you show up with more than two people, plan on waiting a little for a table, or just sit at the bar. But you will enjoy yourself!
Amazing food. One of my favorites in Tempe. So many options to choose from. I recently tried The Pilgrim. It's Thanksgiving dinner wrapped in warm pastry bread. Delicious!
This is my favorite restaurant in tempe!   MUST TRIES!! - Italian Cornish Pasty (new:) ) - chocolate bread budding   This is literally one of the best restaurants i have ever been to and it is so cute and small and the staff is sooooo friendly. Please try this place, i guarantee you will love it!!
A few of us from work went here for lunch one day. What a treat! Cornish Pasty is a small little place, but the food is just the opposite. Each of our dishes was more than we could eat in one sitting. I had the Cajun Chicken Pasty and it was perfect! Not too spicy, full of bacon and the side of chipotle was amazing! Totally worth more than the $8 for size and deliciousness!  The staff was super friendly and once we sat down, they were right there to take our order. The wait time was pretty short. However, we got there at around 11:30am, and by noon there were no more seats available. Obviously the rest of Tempe knows just how great this place is. So if you want a seat, be sure to get there early or be prepared to wait. If you do wait though, it's totally worth it.
So, the first thing I have to say is that the food here is amazing. If you care about nothing else except the taste of your food--go here.  If you care about things like: customer service and appropriate wait times (at the University location, not the other one), I would suggest not vising this restaurant.  I've had many experiences with Cornish Pasty. My friends love it, and when it comes to the food, I love it too. (Especially the pork pasty.)  I've only had one good one though--and that was when I sat directly at the bar and told the woman standing there what I wanted.   The a few of the other times happened something like this:  1. Went in alone, waited fifteen minutes for anyone to come over and even wipe down my table, let alone ask for a drink or dinner order.  2. Went there with 4 other friends, waited 2 hours for a table, and the gentleman acting the 'host' was especially rude when we would ask him about how long he thought it would be (roughly ever 30 minutes) and he always said "Looks like 15 more minutes." Then when we were finally seated our drinks came back half empty and my pasty was cold in the center.  The truth is, is that while the food is great the company needs to retrain it's workers. Customer service should be at the top of their list, and from what I can tell it's at the bottom.
I don't get to the U.K. often enough, so this place is a bit o' for me: just enough $$ spent on keeping the inspector from shutting the place down, the rest of the hard-earned margin goes into the owners' pockets.   I have no idea what this long sliver of a place used to be, but it's become heaven for publovers since - a bar that stretches all the way east to Apache Junction with barstools stretching all the way back to the Flintstones, and teensy little 2fer tablet-tables squeezed into the longwall across.   Seemingly dozens of line cooks doubling as servers, seemingly dozens of taps serving wonderful fermented grains, and the meat, fish and veggie pies - my island ancestors never had it so good!
I can't say I've ever had British food before but if pasties are a good representation of British food, I'm a huge fan!  My boyfriend and I came here day after our half marathon run right.  We were looking for something tasty and different to try in Arizona before we headed back to San Fran.  Based on the reviews, we picked this place and didn't regret it one bit.  I had the Chicken Tikka Masala which was perfectly cooked.  Don't know how they do it but everything was perfectly seasoned, the chicken was very tender, and the potatoes perfectly cooked.  Great meal in a pocket, my favorite kind of easy to eat fair.   My boyfriend was disappointed that they ran out of the peppered steak.  His frown was turned upside down soon enough after he had first few bites of his back-up order, Rosemary steak.  I had a bite and it was definitely was really well seasoned, beef was tender, and the flavor combination was great!  Thank goodness I planned ahead for dessert.  I only finished half of mine so I could have room for their chocolate bread and butter pudding which did not disappoint.  We had it with creme anglaise and it was a delicious decadent chocolate goodness.  Be warned, the chocolate brandy is very strong in this one.  On the service side, it wasn't a busy day and our waiter was super nice, attentive, and the food came at a reasonable time for it to be freshly made to order.   Overall a great experience, and I'll definitely come back to try a few other pasties.
amazing!
There is something to be said about wrapping everything one loves into one little pillow of goodness. I just don't like feeling like I'm in an elevator when I'm not at the bar. Food is very high quality and everything I've ever had is delicious.
I've eaten here twice, and both times enjoyed myself immensely.    First, note that this is the smaller location; the one in Mesa has more tables and space. This one is closer to me, so this is the one I go to, but if you are looking to have a large group, you may wish to go to the Mesa location.     That said, I really like this one. The mood is very raw, because of the small size, even at a table you can see the cooks behind the bar, hear the clatter and clang of the kitchen. That said, you can still have conversations here without issue; you just have a bit of background noise.     The food, though...the food is spectacular. Seriously, look at that menu, look at those pictures. The first time I was there I had the chicken tikka masala pasty. Not as good chicken tikka as a straight up Indian restaurant, of course, but still phenomenal, and the pasty just made it that much better. I also snagged the bananoffee pie. It could easily provide dessert for two people; I ate the whole thing. It was just that good. Not too sweet, very banana-y...     Eat here. It's really that simple.      Also, as a tip, there's a parking lot 'round the back that is usually not full, unlike the one on the front. And, though the address is off of University Drive, the front is really facing Hardy. Threw me a bit the first time I was looking for it.
What the... I came to this page to send the URL to someone to show them how awesome CPC is, and Yelp was waving the Write Review button at me. I haven't done this already?  Weird. Maybe I just love CPC so much I thought the sheer force of my gastrointestinal passion for the place would write the review for me. Apparently not. But my love for this place abounds.  I'm not a veggietarian, but I do like a good veggie dish when available. CPC has a fantastic line of veggie pasties that many carnivores like just fine. Try the classic Oggie and Bangers & Mash, or my fave the Tikka Marsala.  They have several tasty beers on tap to keep any spicy choices under control, so cut loose!
The pastys (pasties) are decent, at least the ones I have tried.  The Walnut Mushroom Soup is about as tasty a veggie-based soup that you will find in this town.  Heavenly.  It's so rich that I get it in the "cup" size, since I think the bowl size would be sensory overload.  Go there just to try the soup - seriously - it's that good.
There are quite a few good-looking varieties of the pasty on the menu - makes for a difficult choice. When you do make a choice, you'll end up with a flavorful pastry filled with tasty ingredients.
Great little place. There is not much seating AT ALL but it somehow adds to the charm of a little British hole in the wall place. Great beers as well!  I thought my fav was the Spicy Asiago Chicken but last time I got the Carne Adovada and it knocked my socks right off.   The pasties are pretty big too, and for $9 to have a half leftover for tomorrow (even tasty reheated, I can attest!), that is a-ok with me!   Not a lot to say other than I really like this place and am always down for a patsy. Er, pastie. Er, PASTY!
I'm pretty much as carnivorous as a T-Rex but my girlfriend is a Vegetarian...a combination which sometimes makes it hard for us to find a restaurant that has something for us both.  We also like to try places that are 'different' as well.  That's why when we randomly wandered in to Cornish Pastry Company we were definitely happy and surprised.  First off, the place has an hole-in-the-wall feel to it, definitely a cool Blue Collar working Pub atmosphere that seemed unique and not kitschy.  The menu has so many delicious options too...plenty of meat filled pockets for me and Veggie options for her and each meal is definitely filling.  I had never had a Cornish Pastry before and the little bit of British history on the menu added to the experience.  The Pastries are pretty much like giant Hot Pockets...but giant hot pockets like your grandma would make if she made giant hot pockets..IE: delicious, filling, natural, and did I say delicious? stuffed with all kinds of meat, veggies, mashed potatoes, spices, etc.  Definitely try it!
Was brought here by a group of coworkers, that promised good things.  Good things is what I got!   Never had I heard of a Pasty.. and now I'm very glad we've been introduced. They are delicious! And the variety that Cornish Pasty Company provides is incredible.  I enjoyed the Rosemary Chicken (I had ordered the Salmon, however it was unavailable, sad... next time), and everything else my coworkers ordered looked and smelled delicious as well. The salads were huge, which is a plus.
Before I went to this lovely hole in the wall I had never even heard of a pasty -- I actually read about this place on yelp and wanted to give it a try!  They have a great British vibe with a very eclectic feel to it.   Great beer selection.  I knew I was going to love this place when I saw that they had Strongbow on draft :)  I usually get Cottage PIe or Bangers/Mash... you can't go wrong with either of those.  Their greek salad is amazing too... and definitely go for the garlic 'oven chips' if you go there... very tasty!    My mouth is watering just writing this review  :)
Imagine you are a hot pocket...  Now imagine you could be filled with any type of food...  Throw in some great music...  Some faint allusion to a microwave...  Godspeed!
Not sure what more I can add. Perfect space with a mining vibe. Perfect 80's metal soundtrack. Perfect fresh ingredients cooked on demand. How this place ended up in Phoenix - a suburb of Phoenix even - rather than the Village or Tribeca is amazing. Don't forget the apps: curried potatoes!
A few weeks ago on a cool rainy day a friend and I were thinking of a place to grab lunch.  He asked me what I was in a mood for and I said "some place cozy".    With his awesome mind reading skills he figured I meant a place that had soup, hot sandwiches, and a relaxed atmosphere.  Cornish Pasty Co. was just the place!  Great food and they have something for everyone.
3.5 stars I love the food here, and being British I know a genuine pasty when I see one. These are the genuine article. And the place isn't pretentious at all, which is cool.  However, if you're sensitive to salt for your blood pressure like I am then you might want to think twice before ordering.  I'm not sure if it's in the fillings, the gravy, or the pastry itself but the salt content in a pasty from here can be really high.  That doesn't stop me from coming back, but still...
This is some of the best food in Tempe.  I didn't find this place until I had lived in the area for 3 years.  I wish I knew about it sooner, because I only got about 6 months of this before I had to move.  The recipes are great and they are very vegetarian friendly.  The dessert ones are great, and the drink specials are awesome too.  Always cheap irish car bombs.
Very good! They offer 32 ounce draft beers, $1 off during happy hour, most are around 8 bucks. The pastys are awesome. Had the cajun chicken with ham, bacon, swiss, and chipotle sauce, it was great. The pesto chicken with mozzarella, mushrooms, and artichokes, with marinara on the side was solid as well. Will return again. Small seating area, groups of 4 would be the max I would recommend without split seating.
Finally got to try this place after hearing alot of amazing things about it! And it didn`t disappoint!! There are so many pasties to choose from, I`m gonna have to keep coming back! And they do feature other British pub food, bangers and mash, shepard`s pie, etc. Noticed their burger is called Royale w/ cheese( Pulp Fiction anyone?). But back to the pasties!          After much deliberation and asking for recommendations, I chose the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty. (I mentioned I have a love of Indian food). And it was delicious!! Flavorful, served w/ a side of yogurt dressing, I was very satisfied!  These are pretty generous in size too and they also feature vegetarian pasties as well but I`m a meat girl!  Great atmosphere and great people! Looking forward to my next stop here!
Four stars, but I knocked one off because the pasties are pre-made and you can't ask for substitutions.   I've been here twice. I will definitely go back, and I've recommended this spot to friends, but I was pretty bummed to find out last time that I can't ask for more of this or none of that.   Seating is VERY limited. Unless you're going to be there the minute they open, I would call ahead for take-out. If you're dead set on satisfying a craving, you'll want to call ahead to make sure they're not out of whatever you want, too. We found that out the hard way.   All in all, it's a tasty spot. Best for take-out.
There aren't many great "hole-in-the-wall's" in the Tempe area, but man, Cornish Pasty Co. definitely falls into that category.
imagine hot pockets on steroids the good ones that B Bonds took
Although I've only been here once, I do plan on returning when I find time. I found this little hot spot to be very appetizing. Its a great atmosphere, amazing food, and the service is fairly speedy... and attractive :)   will write more when i return for seconds!
I give credit where it is deserved, so thanks, Sean M, for introducing me to this place.  I love Cornish Pasty Co. The entrees are almost like hot pockets, which excites me. Normally when I come here I order the Eggplant Parmesan Pasty. It is so delicious! I could probably continuously eat them even though I am stuffed! No, Tabatha, you need to contain yourself.   The service is great and friendly. I really love to come here.
I came here a while back based on the reviews from yelp. The place is a dark bar with little seating on the side. The vibe is a cool hang out. It was very dark so I can't be sure but the place didn't seem very clean...  The menu was so creative! Everything comes as a Pasty which is like a thicker skinned hot pocket!! yum! The flavors are tasty things like curry or pesto chicken overall it is good but I feel the baked shell is a little thick and the whole thing tasted quite doughy. Maybe I'll give it another try?
This whole restaurant is about 10ft wide and 20ft long, and it is always packed. Now that I know better, I try to grab a seat at the bar for a little more elbow room; there are a few larger booths in the back too.   My boyfriend took me here on our first "real" date, and I'll have to admit that I was pretty impressed in spite of myself. I ordered the Pesto Chicken (decent) and he got the Lovely Bit a Salmon (much better). In subsequent visits I would discover the Royale with Cheese which is my favorite pasty so far. Also, the Mexican and the Carne Adovada are fantastic menu options.   Outside of the pasty realm, almost everything else on the menu is worth trying. The Greek Salad has to be my favorite of the salad choices; the dressing really makes this dish. Comprised of homemade caramel sauce, bananas, thick graham cracker crust, and whipped cream--the Banoffee Pie is to die for.   And now for drinks...they offer a pretty good beer selection. And Car Bombs are always $3.00 (yes, please!). The happy hour is alright, but Wednesday Wino Day is the best drink special ($3).   We can't wait to try the PB&J pasty for dessert next time we go back!
I had the lamb vindaloo - speechless...  OK, OK - not entirely speechless.  I will add that if you like Indian food you'll love this and the only other thing I need say is that it is a little spicy.  I'm just saying - it was amazing.
Always one of my favorite places to eat.  If you dont like crowded places, try their restaurant at Dobson and Guadalupe...more space same great selection.  Here's another suggestion:  Throw a Pasty Party.   They do catering as well.  We had a great party with two of each flavor of pasties. Great fun!
Had another great meal here...their desserts are amazing as well..all of them : )
if you havent been here then i am sorry. the food is beyond description and requires that you eat it before we can talk in any detail about its yum factor. let it be said that the royale with cheese it a masterpiece. excellent choices for beer as well. service is very good and has loads of character.
Oh god. It's like GOD'S VERY OWN HOT POCKET. Fresh, delicious, and cooked perfectly, though I have trouble bringing myself to get anything but The Pilgrim (served with turkey, cubed sweet potatoes, onions, and deliciousness). Cornish Pasty is great, though you'll likely want to consider takeout: it's TINY and finding a table can be a real pain.  The staff is fun and helpful, even though they're quite harried, and the oven-roasted potatoes are fantastic, as are nearly all of the pasty options, all priced damn well, to boot. If you've never been, they'll almost certainly have something you like. My only problem is that nothing is customizable: they're all served as is, which I understand from a production standpoint, but which frustrates for the number of menu items with just one dealbreaking ingredient for me.  Overall, it's exceedingly easy to be a regular, and to feel VERY full, careful not to eat the crimped part of the pasty, just like the tin miners of yore so as to avoid the traces of arsenic from their dirty hands.
Cornish pasty = upscale hot pocket  I had the shepherd's pie pasty and Cole slaw. Both were fairly tasty. The Cole slaw had great crunch but was too oniony. The pasty was perfectly cooked unlike a hot pocket which is either frozen in the middle or scorching hot. The pasty had a lot of different flavors going for it and a good gravy accompanying it. Also the restaurant has a good vibe to it. All in all, the pasty was good but not good enough to come back.  HOT POCKET
First of all, this place has almost 400 reviews and sits at 4+ stars.   Right there says: EAT HERE! This place rocks.   Granted I like to eat at their other location: more room, out door seating, more romantic...etc. But every once in a while i mingle over here.   Their hibiscus tea is amazing, no sugar needed.  I love love their broccoli cauliflower bake as an appetizer. Fresh broccoli and cauliflower topped with a creamy cheese mixture and baked HOT. Their NEW soup...OMG...its a, shit cant remember its name, like a jalapeno red pepper corn something spicy hot soup. Its awesome! Only get a cup though, cuz you need to save room for their pasty.   I actually have a take out menu in my car, i am slowly crossing off everything i try. They have a large variety, so any mixture you may enjoy, they have. Take some time with the menu.   Desserts usually never have room for them...
First impression....Strip mall, hole in the wall.    Door opens-I enter and notice that it has its own unique flare......and then the smell hits and I'm in love.  Once the food is delivered I realize no it's not love, I'm in heaven!!!!  Both locations are awesome.  Cheers to beer list
What a treasure this place is. The Pasty is easy; they take amazing stuff and cook it in pastry dough. There's a big, big menu, and it's easy to pick what you will like. There's enough detail in the description that if you like the filling, you'll like the pasty.   Great bar and lots nice salads and apps. Try the oven chips.   Sit at the near end of the bar and watch them make these pockets. Amazing.
I've been coming here since they opened.  It's always reminded me of the narrow downtown bars found up in Seattle, not sure why.  Love the food though.  If I'm feeling cheap, I'll get the Oggie & a Mickey's.  On good days, the Lamb and Mint & a Smithwicks.  The owner is a beer lover for sure, don't go here if you want cheap domestic (Bud & Miller).  Try a good English or German brew instead.
New type of place for me with giant, not frozen, hotpockets? I'm down. Was excellent and the service great also. Been back twice since going here a couple months ago.   Is really small so plan on a wait. Or go to the Mesa one which is huge compared to the Tempe location.
I was feeling like reliving my Irish days on St. Patty's Day but had no desire to do so with the drunken American idiots that frequent bars for artificial food coloring added to their watered down brew. Strictly speaking Cornwall is far far away from Dublin, but it was close close to where I was working on St. Patty's this year, and I knew I wouldn't likely run into green beer.   Bingo. I have often done delivery of CPC 'samazing grub, but shockingly have never been inside. I was impressed. Mid day darkness isn't my usual m.o. but I was diggin it. Narrow and cozy, it truly was like going back to Ireland. It was the closest thing to a pub I have seen in AZ.  I ordered my Manger's Cider at the bar overlooking the kitchen and chatted with the kitchen staff: friendly young guys who were enjoying life. I am a fan of enjoying life while you are working, and I am always sure to have a good meal when the staff is doing so. Got a chicken pot pie pasty, chips with malt vinegar. Good stick to your ribs lunch fare. Red wine gravy was two thumbs up caliber.  Expensive, came to 21 bucks with tip, more than my usual lunch budget allows, but ok for a splurge.   I feel I did my Irish duty and definitely think this lunch counts for more than a green tie.  out.
White ale is awesome,, chicken tikka pasty is nice :)
On a two day business trip in Phoenix, the first meal I had was a Pasty here, The Oggie to be exact, and i just kept coming back.  For two days straight, all I ate were pasties. And though I felt as if I were in love at the beginning, the relationship seemed to spiral downhill in the end.   -Oggie, the original pasty, with meat, potatoes, and gravy... was excellent, and set the stage for my obsession.  -Italian was pretty decent as well, something like a more homemade type of pizza hot-pocket: with pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, and stewed tomatoes, then served with a side of marinara sauce.  -Lovely Bit Salmon was excellent!  Salmon, potatoes, asparagus... delicious! -Lamb Vindaloo, Lamb in red curry and potatoes... was decent, though I probably wouldn't get it again.   -Peppered Steak = GROSS, disgusting, worst thing I've ever received in any food making establishment.  I actually think mine was bad or rotten, and would've complained, but I'd taken it to go and so I was stuck with it.  I took one bite, gagged, spit it out, and threw it away.  If it weren't for the rotten peppered steak I received, I was going to give a 5-star review, but after it I think I'm being very forgiving with giving 4-stars.  Everything else was pretty excellent, so I'll try to forgive the one absolutely disgusting pasty.
The place is awesome. Real cozy and busy. The people were really cool and the food was great.
They don't serve food, they serve sex on a plate. At first glance the place looks like a hallway but it's really a flavor factory hidden away between two buildings no one cares about because those places don't have Pasty's. The service is fast , friendly, and the music is off the chain.  The food is not to be forgotten though, there are so many selections of Pasty variations that anyone with any craving will loose all control of there facial expressions. I only wish the place was bigger, there have been times when I've  had to wait for a space to open up but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  That time allowed me  to prepare myself for the nirvana inducing flavorgasm that is The Cornish Pasty Company.
When I first started researching some food options for my trip to Arizona, Cornish Pasty Company kept popping up. At first I tried to ignore it, but eventually curiosity got the best of me. So many rave reviews about this  'glorified hot pocket'. I'm thinking, yes I like hot pockets, but I don't know if I could take that affinity to the restaurant level.   Cornish Pasty Company happened to be literally less than a mile from our hotel so we had to check it out. We got there right before the dinner rush and barely waited for a seat at the bar. I decided on the chicken tikka masala and the bf got the peppered steak. He was intrigued by the bleu cheese. We were both happy with our orders. There is a decent wait from the time you order, but just think of every minute going towards a perfectly baked pasty. Now I understand how people can compare it to a hot pocket. This is the epitome of hot pockets and I can't find the words to a description that justifies how good it is.   Our waitress and the kitchen guy we chatted up were both suuuper nice. The waitress was very attentive and quick. The place itself is pretty dark (literally, dim lighting) and has that euro dive bar feel to it. I enjoyed sitting at the bar, feeling like a local and watching the kitchen staff work those ovens.   The food alone would have gotten me to love them. To top it off, they have THREE DOLLAR irish car bombs!!! Their receipt even says "IRISH CAR BOMB... F... YEAH" haha, they definitely know what's up.   No doubt I'll be back for more the next time I'm in the area.
Eat here.  Just go and eat here.   IT IS AWESOME!!!!
Best Pasty in AZ!  I love the vegetarian Mexican.  It can get pretty packed during lunch may want to call ahead if your in a hurry.
This place is so awesome! You feel like you're in a little, off beat restaurant in Chicago or New York, instead of Phoenix! The service is very friendly. It's a small place but the food is excellent and big! If you've never had a pasty, you must try it! It's like a pastry filled with love!   I usually get the Cajun Chicken Pasty which is filled with spicy chicken, bacon, ham and swiss cheese! Today I'm trying the pork sausage, potatoes and cheese!
I seem to be attracted to restaurants that sell fancy versions of my favorite cheap eats.. (hello Republic Ramen Noodles!).   Anywho, I decided to check out Cornish Pasty Co based on the fact that my friends seemed to go there a lot, and I had heard nothing but good things about this restaurant. Last night we went, around dinner rush. The place was packed and I didnt know it was a "seat yourself" establishment. Our server directed us all the way to the back where we shared a table with some other people. This place has a really cozy feel, its definitely not a restaurant fit for large groups of people. I went with my boyfriend and his brother. I got the Lovely Bit o' Salmon pasty, boyfriend got the Meat & Cheese, and his brother got the Cajun Chicken. We also ordered the oven chips. It took a bit to get our food, but I didn't really mind. When we finally got our order, it was well worth the wait. The Salmon pasty (filled with salmon, asparagus, red potatoes, tomatoes and spinach) was delicious.. especially that dill sauce it came with. The oven chips were amazing as well! My boyfriend and his brother absolutely loved their pasties as well. I even got to try the meat & cheese.. WOW. So good. I'm a sucker for anything cheesy!   Atmosphere wise, the place is really laid back, I liked how a lot of the people there had tattoos and I didnt feel like myself or any of the people I was with were being judged..sometimes we get treated differently just based off the fact that we have tattoos at places which is a big bummer! I did notice this place must be a hipster hangout since I saw a gaggle of them going out the back door, hahaha.   I will definitely be back, as long as I'm good on my diet the rest of the week.. hahah.
This has become my "go to" place in Tempe.  At this point I've had probably half of the items on the menu and have not been disappointed once.  They have Union Jack IPA on draft which, if you like IPA's, really can't be beat.  Brandon (I believe is the manager) is always friendly, attentive and helpful.  I hate to recommend this place because it's packed enough already - but hey, they deserve the business.
This place is awesome. Great food, tons of vegetarian options, usually very good service. It is small, so be prepared to possibly wait for a seat or choose to sit at the bar for faster service. They also have great Irish car bombs here.   Don't pass up the dessert pasties either...the apple one is yummy!
The first time I tried Cornish Pasty was about two years ago, and it rocked. I just went again last week with the boyfriend, and it impressed me so much again the second time again I felt compelled to yelp about it!  We arrived there at around 6pm on a Friday night. Luckily, we grabbed the last table of two without having to wait at all! As many previous reviewers have mentioned, this place is not good for large parties. There are four 2-seater tables along the right side of their narrow dining room, a full service bar along the left side, and a couple slightly larger tables that seat 4 along the back, and that's it.   The atmosphere is offbeat and funky. It's pretty dark in there, so it feels like a cave, but in a good way. Like you stumbled into the lair of a friendly Giant who happens to bake the best damn pasties you've ever had on the reg, and wants to share.   Service was quick and friendly. We started off with a large house salad to split with their house lemon pesto vinaigrette dressing. Yum!  It was more than enough for two people to share for a first course - we could barely even finish it.   I ordered the Shepherd's Pie pasty with the minted lamb, and OMG. This thing was fantastic. It took my experience to the next level. Oozing cheese, garlicky mashed potatoes, crispy buttery pastry crust, and this amazing seasoned lamb. I had the Pilgrim pasty the first time I ate here a few years ago, and it was very good, but this Shepherd's pie pasty blew it out of the water. Not to mention the red wine gravy served with it. NOM NOM NOM.   I was so stuffed after eating half our salad and half of my huge pasty that I absolutely HAD to say no to dessert (note: this is very unlike me :)). The next time I go (and there WILL be a next time, and soon) I plan to try either the banoffee pie or the cinnamon apple pasty!  Bottom line: This place is excellent. Reasonable prices for very generous portions, there are plenty of options and definitely something for everyone. If you have yet to try it, check it out the next time you are in the Tempe area!   Bonus: you'll probably even have leftovers to take home and enjoy later!
Love at first sight. Lust at first bite. And now I'm drunk with a red curry pasty infatuation. I don't know how it could have taken me so long to eat here, I've been eyeing this place since I moved here 3 years ago. This is my jam. This is what I look for in an eatery. This is where I want to hide out, drink beers and chat with my tatoo artist about the next ink-scursion.  Small, narrow, dark, perfect level of noise, good music, cool waitstaff, fun kitchen peeps, inexpensive, and friggin delicious. At 9:30 pm there was a line of about 10 people waiting for tables. Yep the food is that good and the joint is that cool.  New mission: try every veggie pasty on the menu and all sweet pasties.
The Oggie brought back memories of being a kid in england.. delicious! Overall decent prices for the amount of food (they might look small, but they're not), good food, and good service. Thanks to yelp for leading me here! Lose a star because they're sadly out of the Pavlova 3/4 of the time.
Delicious.  Many vegetarian options - the only restaurant I know of that uses Quorn products, which I buy for my home - cuz they're delicious!  Way to Go CPC!!!
Really good food.  I started with the potato, leek, and stilton cheese soup which was pretty good.  The bread that they served it with, however, was fantastic!  It turns out that they bake it there fresh every day, and it was wonderful - dense, chewy, and flavorful.  It was great on its own, but was also good to mop up the soup with!  I had the oggie for my main meal, and it was very good.  The red wine gravy was a nice addition.
This place was a winner.  I don't eat around Tempe too often and when I do I'd like that experience to be unique.  I was looking for a place to grab some good food and a couple beers before a concert so I checked out Yelp and it did not lead me astray.  To me, a place like this is why Yelp needs to exist.  It was not in the most obvious location and when the group I was with went to walk in the front door we almost didn't know we were in the right place.  Let's just say their limited space is used very efficiently.  For what this place lacks in size, it makes up in character.  Inside it was kind of dark with some chairs lining the bar long the open kitchen and on the other wall a few small tables.  We found our spot in the back which was probably the only table big enough for 6 people.  The place was full and the noise level was just right; busy, but comfortable to have some lively dinner conversation. (Especially after some Irish Car Bombs.)  Their draft beer selection stuck to the UK theme with a lot of beers from that region.  I was especially surprised to see some Strongbow Cider.  They also had a few good micro brews from places like Firestone and Rogue.  Between that selection and the 32 oz. monster glasses they'd serve it in, this place was already a winner.  Most importantly, their food was excellent.  I had the TIki Masala pasty and my wife had the Chicken Greek.  The Tiki Masala would be a great dish served by itself in an Indian restaurant.  Put it in a pasty and it's game over.  I tasted my wife's Chicken Greek which I probably wouldn't have picked as one of my own top choices to order and it was awesome.  We unanimously agreed this place was great and we had a laugh about some review around here that compared it to a Hot Pocket.  LOL.  I'll have to save that one under, "Knowing about good food - FAIL!"
Theee best Shepard's pie around!!!
$3 car bombs and food is good 4 out of 5 times
I wasnt impressed. The pasties  were so so. Not like they are in the U.P.   Service poor. :(
For the first time, I had brunch today at Cornish Pasty Company, Tempe, AZ. I ordered Lamb Vindaloo. The pasty was very very good!  From outside the parking lot, you have to read carefully because the name sign is quite small (its on the door only). The exit doors are on the both side (front & back door).  Once you open the door, you will be indulge by the aroma of the pasty (humm...yumm...).  The room consider dark and packed but cozy. There was alot of different type of beers that you can find in here rather than other common brunch bar.  I would like to come back again!
From the outside you would never expect such a comfortable and friendly little bar. The food is fantastic, music is always great and I love the ambiance that comes with such a tiny and dark little bar. That may be a complaint for some but it feels so much more comfortable and inviting to me. The wait can sometimes be long but it is worth completely worthwhile. I'm very excited for the expansion project to get underway, this restaurant is perfect.
cool spot, interesting tables and pews.  Never even knew what a pasty was before I went here.  It was good.  good beer.  I liked it.  Its a good place to take someone from out of town for lunch.
Shepherd's Pie was amazing! This visit certainly changed my perception of British food. Next time I'm in Phoenix I will definitely return.
The Cornish Pasty is so full of awesome that it is really hard to describe it's awesome awesomeness. It's kind of hipstery so i can't say that i'm their target audience but whatever. I goes and eats where i please. I just throw a few butterfly sticker-tattoos on various parts of my body and blend right in.  I like places with a character and this place has it in spades.  The cooks/waiters/waitresses are friendly and the pastys are good eats!  I must warn that they are more filling that you would think.   Good beer good food! Ridiculously cheap (knock back a few Rogues for me) The dark lighting also makes your friends look sooo much better.  win win.  and win.
This place was awesome!! I had never had a pasty before going here, and it was definitely worth all of the hype I saw on yelp. The ambiance was the first thing I noticed when I walked it. It's a very long, dimly lit restaurant with limited seating if you're not into sitting at a bar (which, I don't mind). One of the servers was quick to notice our group right away, and provided us with drinks as we waited for a place to sit. The beer was very diverse and exciting, which made me extra happy. The grub was great... I got the pork with mashed potatoes pasty with a red wine dipping sauce. I have to agree with past reviews and say that the dipping sauce was delicious! Next time I'm in Tempe, I'll be making my way back to this place.
I love coming to Cornish Pasty.  I usually order the Rosemary Chik'n Pasty and it is absolutely amazing. I can come here for lunch, dinner or even just for a beer. They have a decent number of beers on tap most of which are pretty tasty.   I give this place 5 stars hands down!
Liked this place better than I thought I would. "D" asked me out for late lunch so we met here around 2pm. It was hard for me to find, it's located BEHIND the AM/PM more on Hardy than University in my opinion. We walked in what felt like the BACK door and immediately were struck by the cramped style of the restaraunt. I wanted to run back out and go to the bar next door, but "D" really wanted a pasty. So I gave in. We walked to the front and sat at the long table with the long bench. That didn't feel as cramped as the two-seater tables.  we both had pomogranate ice tea, which was delicious after I added sugar to it. I ordered the Chicken Greek Salad Pasty and he ordered the Peppered Steak pasty.  When the food came out about 10 minutes later and I dug in, I finally knew what heaven on a plate tasted like. Both Pasty's were cut in half so he and i switched half of each others food. OH! MY! My chicken greek salad pasty was delicious, the artichokes and sun dried tomatoes were so scrumptious. I loved the dressing as well. It was all so good. The peppered steak was also delicious, although I'm personally not a fan of mushrooms and it had many in it. But besides that really great food. I loved it.   They were deceptively filling, so I want to go back and try just the dessert. Was too full to try it this time.
I ain't from around here. Where I come from,  restaurants located in strip malls are not to be trusted. "Feed me but be careful." Speaketh my hangover and we rolled back the stone to the pasty-cave.  So the hangover and I find ourselves inside the pit as The Soledad Brothers play and smoke rises from the narrow kitchen. Ten pounds of onion simmer on a grill.  A beautiful woman hands me a menu. Oh god, they are everywhere! That man making the food has an immaculate beard!!! Am I in Chicago?! What's happening hangover?!    No. I'm In Tempe, where there is a kickass restaurant that serves kickasser beer, and great comfort food to cure what ails you. Bangers and Mash. Mmmm. Mash.
Had the meat and cheese pasty and the banaoffee pie again. Still just as good.  Really busy for a Thursday night and a little slow on the service because of it. Enjoyed it much more the other times when sitting at the bar, so definitely suggest doing that if it's available. Also, disappointed in the music choices - it was like swing jukebox music and did not fit the restaurant at all. While the food is super delicious, for the price (~$8.50) the pasties should come with a side of mash or something.  Definitely do not pass up on dessert either.
Dont be frightened by the other places in this shopping center.  Once inside there is great authentic food, they even have HP sauce.
Just ate there for my first time and it was delicious. Great, friendly staff and the food was phenominal! I had the Carne Advocada, which was superb (tasty with a little heat that lingers), and the PB&J Pasty dessert (absolutely amazing). I will definitely come back (when I'm back in town).
Great pastry filled goodness. Had the Bangers and Mash. Excellent!
I came back! I missed Sherly Temple's Pudding!!! The flavor still the same as the first time I ate! Awsome!!!
Incredible concept and awesome food. I hit this place everytime I'm in Phoenix. The service is attentive and friendly. I'll be back soon.
I love Cornish Pasty. The atmosphere, the service, and the food are all wonderful! It does have a pub feel and can get a little loud with how busy it gets, so I wouldn't recommend going here if you're looking for a quiet dinner. The pasties are very nicely priced with how much food you get. Honestly, I usually take half of it home to eat later (if you do take it home, I'd recommend heating it up in the toaster oven). If you need pasty recommendations, I'd recommend the cajun, portobello mushroom, and cheese steak. The desserts are also delicious. So, in conclusion, come into Cornish Pasty and enjoy the world of classy hot pockets.
I'm disappointed other Yelpers didn't point out the time it would take for the pastry to bake... I dined alone and given the advice about it been filling, I didn't order an appetizer. The about 20 min wait felt like forever. Of course one could start drafting the reviews or distract oneself with these devices we couldn't get our hands off....   I had the lamb vindaloo and I finished the whole thing!! It's 90 degrees out and freezing in here... the vindaloo was so hot (spicy) it totally warmed me up. The mint yogurt balances the heat very well I just wish there is more... the pastry was over cooked and hard (maybe that's why I waited so long?) I would've liked it flaky. Overall a great value meal and good eats.  This place has a real English pub feel which is cool.  Very friendly atmosphere.
Been coming here 7 years and have never been dissapionted! The best shepards pie in town! Might be a little crowded but its worth the wait! Get the shepards pie! Cornish pasties are like a pastry filled with whatever you want! They have an assortment of fillings to satisfy yur taste buds! From Greek and Italian to my favorite the Shepards Pie! Mashed potatoes, ground beef, cheese, onions and peas and carrots all baked in a delicious pasty! The red wine dipping sauce is spectacular and is the perfect addition! You'll want to eat it by itself! It's set up like waffle house so you can watch them cook yur meal right in front of you while sitting at the bar or you can grab an intimate table off to the side. Great for lunch business parties or a friday night date! And don't forget the cold Boddington on tap! Yay! My fave! Service is great and the cooks put on a good music selection from their iPods. It can get a little loud and crowded and dress is casual. They opened up a new one in Mesa but I haven't been there yet. Cornish pasty is a must!!
The service and the heat knock this place down a star...not having A/C in AZ just seems like a horrible, horrible idea, especially in such a small space, with no waiting area, and tons of bodies packed in.   Our server (after our 25 minute scorching wait) was very nice, and kept our drinks filled...but took 30 minutes post-finishing to bring us the bill, and just as long to pick it back up with the cards...all the while, I was schvitzing and sweating.  That said, the food is freaking amazing. I had the Mushroom, Spinach, Walnut Soup, while my co-diners enjoyed the Leek soup - both were lick the bowl clean, as was the bread served with the soup. I appreciated at barrage of vegetarian Pasty options, both more with veggies (like the delicious balsamic portobello I had) as well as with faux meat, Quorn brand (yum!). My friends had the bangers and mash and the chicken greek pasties, and both were beyond satisfied. One took an order of Shirley Temple Pudding home -- if I wasn't visiting from out of town, I would have too - it smelled godly.  Would suggest visiting during an off hour, as there are no seats for waiting, and it is ridiculously hot. Plus, make sure you have lots of time for freshly made food, and medium speed service. Food is totally worth it!
This place is one of my favorite restaurants.  Local restaurant  with delicious food.  For those who don't know, a pasty is basically a gourmet Hot Pocket.  The vegetarian friendly menu consists of a lot of pasties and a few salads, all under $10 and very filling.  They even have dessert pasties.  I've been here many times, and the only dud I've ever had was a very dry Chicken Alfredo.  The Cajun Chicken has trumped the Balsamic Portabello as my favorite.  My main gripe with this place is that it is very small.  There are only 2 or 3 tables that seat more than 2, not counting the bar counter.  There is usually a wait for dinners on Friday and Saturday.  I'm just glad I live close enough to do take out on those nights since they don't deliver.  My friends love the 32oz Guiness served in mini-pitchers for less than $9.
Ordered ahead, due to a slight hangover and wanting to be at home.  But when I walked in I was impressed by the warm feeling.  This restaurant is a narrow "cave" and lives up to a typical Brit pub with wooden walls and low lighting.  Didn't wait long for them to package my food.  I ordered the Oggie and Royal with Cheese, and OMG!!  My son and I shared.  He was finished with his before I was half way done with mine.  The Oggie had steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga and the crust was light and flakey.  The Royal with Cheese was a burger patty with onions, mushrooms, cheese and french fries, OMG!!  Perfect cure to a hangover or just a great dinner.  A little heavy for lunch but the menu looks to have other great options.  I will definately try this place again and will sit down to eat there sometime soon!!
I freakin love this place.  The food is so darn delicious.  I only have a couple complaints about the place, but the pros far out weigh the cons.  The hallway like establishment is a little too cramped for my style, so I usually call in my order for pick up.  My only real complaint is that no matter how much time you give them, the pickup orders are never really ready; it seems they wait to package the food until your actually there.  Again it's a simply pet peeve but I love this place!  The carne adovada is to die for.
I love this place... too!   They have the best red curry pasty i have ever eaten.   I wish you had a place in north phoenix though as the drive is a bit far.   In addition to the pastys i really like all the sides such as the rutabaga, and the stilton soup.  Yum!   This place delivers on all counts.
I can't believe that this place is so close to my office and it took me three years to finally stumble across it!  After having read the reviews, I decided to give it a shot once I realized that they actually do have a fairly extensive veggie-friendly menu.  Despite not being a fan of fake meat products, I decided to try the veggie asiago chicken pasty and was pleasantly surprised.  The brand of "wheat meat" that they use actually had good flavor and an unusually normal texture.  The pasty also contained corn, black beans, hatch chiles, stewed tomatoes, and was not overwhelmingly heaped with asiago cheese.  The salsa that was served on the side was flavorful and a nice accompaniment to the already spicy pasty.  The crust was flavorful and flaky, just like the pasties that I remember getting growing up.  The only drawback is that the place is incredibly small and between the loud music and the conversations of other customers, my ears were ringing by the time I left.  The food is certainly worthwhile, though, and I think this may become one of my regular take out spots for lunch.
My gf and I just tried the Oggie bc we werent super hungry.  Even with that, the food was super yummy.  I wonder what would happen to us if we are actually starving.  the sauce that came with the Oggie was excellent too, so I suggested that you shouldnt eat the pasty without the sauce.  The decoration in the store is quite unique: church pews and wall and table deocrations.  It's a must go if you are around the area.
This place is super awesome! Lamb and Mint was delicious, I recommend trying something new each time... I received excellent service, and every staff member I encountered was unique and friendly; and really seemed to fit in with the "mood" of the place.  Seating inside is a little awkward, I believe there's just a bunch of pews lined up and from time to time you'll get sat right next to a family that likes to use their elbows.  Deserts are to die for: Try the Peanut Butter and Jelly Pasty!
Words cannot begin to describe the glory that is this fine establishment. Never had bad service or a bad meal. These puff pastry stuffed bundles of heaven erupt with surgically precise flavor combinations that leave me speechless every single time.   My new favorite is the Lamb & Mint, a delicious combination of succulent and juicy lamb, perfectly sliced potatoes, rutabaga, and of course, the fresh mint sprigs make for a truly transcendental dining experience.   After tasting more than 3/4 of their menu, I have yet to taste a single thing that wasn't perfectly cooked, perfectly spiced, or perfectly paired with their exquisite red wine gravy. I could drink that delicious concoction by the gallon.   The vegetarian pasties are undeniably good as well, the Eggplant Parmesan is a worldly experience that I could eat any time, any day. It stuffs the best bits of the garden into a mozzarella, marinara and Parmesan wrapped envelope of goodness that has to be tasted to be appreciated.  The Cream of Leek, Potato and Stilton Cheese soup is out of this world, the Garlic & Herb Roasted Red Mashed Potatoes with Cheese make all other mashed potato dishes taste like dehydrated flake garbage, and the desserts (if you can find any more room in your belly for awesome) are the food of gods. The PB&J Pasty or the Banoffee Pie make me want to live in this restaurant until the day I die.  The location is being renovated currently to expand into the adjacent building, which is a welcomed change as the intimate dining area admittedly cramped on busy days. Though it is a wondrous experience to watch the staff prepare their pasties mere feet from your seat, it will really do well to have a few more tables. Sit at the bar if at all possible for the best dining experience.  I wish I could give CPC 6 stars simply because the other places I've deemed worthy of 5 stars simply cannot compare. On top of all this, the unparalleled drinking specials, 32 oz steins, and $3 car bombs every day make this not only a wonderful place to eat, but a perfect spot to pickle the liver as well.
Awesome Pasty's!!  So many pasty options! A bit dark inside but, great spot for a cold winter day... great concept and delivery! I will stop by anytime I'm within 50 miles! Where is the pasty shop in SF??!
love this place. the atmosphere is fun, the place is packed every time I go with my vegetarian friend. so many choices, I want to try them all! service is fast, likely because it's do popular that they want to move people thru once you finish eating. and to be polite, once done, it's friendly to give your table to the next famished folks. :)
One of the best restaurants in PHX.  Hot Pockets and Beer?  Yes, please.
Another delish outing at my favorite whole in the wall.  Three pastys and two Liters of beer for under $50.  Cheap and satisfying lunch for my work force!
All these yelpers couldn't be wrong! This place is deeeeelish! Some many different options, it's hard to choose a pastry. Not sure if u could go wrong on any of them.... The beer selection is pretty decent. The secret beer is a hazelnut brown ale (rogue brewery). It's not really a secret it's just not on the menu, but it's amazing. Normally im not a fan of rogue, but whatever. We had the banoffee for dessert! They whipped the cream as we ordered, it was perfect. The service was ok, we seemed to have 3 ppl serving us. The female was def. less attentive, but the boys were on point.This place is absolutely worth trying but don't expect any thing fancy. If they changed anything it would lose it's charm. Nothing else like it in az.
Finally. Finally!!! A solid British pub. Service was great (more than I can say for some actual pubs in London) and food was absoflippinlutely stellar. We shared the Shepard's Pie, Bangers and Mash, and the broccoli cauliflower cheese bake (yes, there were leftovers). It was impossible to pick a favorite and this will definitely be on my go-to list when in Tempe. The beer list is superb and I had a hard time choosing as there were so many of my favorites from overseas travel. My only wish? Murphy's on tap.
Everything I have ever ordered from here is delicious.  The staff is friendly and the beer looks great (I don't drink during lunch :()   The restaurant is a bit small making it challenging if your in a big group.  The good food takes a bit of time and can be a little heavy for the middle of summer.  I recommend checking this place out and enjoying the unique food they have to offer.
Couple things.  First, I am reviewing a Delivery order that I placed.  (If you didn't know that they delivered... Now you do!)  You start by looking at their website, which is modest.  It's a black background with White text.  Pretty much all of their food is available for take-out, except for the alcohol.  *TIP* Make sure to look at their PDF Menu.  It has TONS of more choices than what is listed on their Website.  I wasn't even aware of this fact until I had ordered my food.  At this point, they do not have online ordering set up, so you call and place your order that way.  Cornish Pasty's (pronounced Pastie, not Pastey) are amazingly delicious.  They take whatever filling you choose (from the Chicken Alfredo to the Bangers and Mash), and they place it in a thin, crisp dough that surrounds it.  Think of a Calzone, except the Irish version.  Now, these are very, very filling.  They are modestly priced (all of them are less than $10), and they are EXTREMELY DELICIOUS.  Make sure you give them a try.  I will sure be eating here again!
Been twice, once in Mesa, once in Tempe. Both had great food and super friendly hipster staff. We will be back, no doubt! Good beer selection and happy hour deals too??
Cornish Pasty Company is one of my favorite local restaurants.  A pasty is a sort of like a gourmet hot pocket, that actually tastes really good, and was invented in England.  The Cornish Pasty Company has dozens of tasty options, with my favorites being "The Porky", "Bangers and Mash", and "Chicken Pot Pie".   The Porky consists of pork, potatoes, apples, onion, and sage, with a side of red wine gravy.  The Bangers and Mash pasty consists of pork and sage sausage, red wine gravy, grilled onions, mashed potatoes, and comes with a side of gravy.   The Chicken Pot Pie Pasty has chicken, carrots, red potato, green beans, celery, with a thyme and chicken gravy.  They also have one of the best and most unique beer menus available with an awesome mix of domestic micro brews and great European options.  They also have a pretty good happy hour every day, even on weekends.  Unique menu, great food, and awesome beer selection, gives the Cornish Pasty Company five stars.
I am reviewing the original Tempe location.  Given all the great reviews this place has gotten, I was wondering what I could add that hasn't already been said.  It's not only the only place in Tempe you can get a cornish pasty, but they are also freak'n awesome.  The Lovely Bit of Salmon was my favorite, but alas given my newly discovered gluten intolerance I am not able to part-take in such loveliness any more:  :(  But nevertheless, I still come here every now and then with my friends and husband.  They all chow down on the yummy pasties while I chow down on my salads, sides, and soups.  So, I decided to concentrate my review on those items. (Some of these dishes are not gluten free.  I had them before I found out about my gluten intolerance.)   Soups: They offer a variety of soups.  I have tried: 1) the cream of leek, potato, and stilton, 2) the cream of tomato and crouton, and 3) the red pepper, black bean, rice, chicken, and jalapeno.  They were all very good, but I was informed that only the red pepper one is gluten free.  I had the first two before I found out about my gluten intolerance.  Not only are their soups really tasty, full of flavor, they are all also accompanied by thick slices of fresh bread and butter, baked and churned in-house.  Absolutely delicious!  The are perfect accompaniments, and a bowl at $4.75 would make a tasty and light lunch that won't break the bank.    Sides:  The garlic mashed potatoes and the garlic roasted potatoes are also very good.  Pretty much what you should expect.  Creamy mashed potatoes and nicely roasted red potatoes with a hint of garlic.  Not too garlicky.    The mushy peas is one of my favorite side dishes that they serve.  I think I prefer them to the potatoes simply because they are something different that I can't get anywhere else.  And these ain't  no ordinary peas.  They are huge for peas.  Cooked really well.  Not too mushy (overcooked), even though they are "mushy" peas. There is a great texture and freshness to this dish.  The texture of these "mushy peas" is more like crunchy peanut butter than creamy peanut butter if we were speaking of peanut butter that is (it's an analogy. . . just go with it), and I think the freshness and the texture go hand in hand from not overcooking the peas.    The broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake is also a nice dish.  It makes me think of mac'n cheese, but with cauliflower and broccoli instead of mac noodles.  I dont think this dish is gluten free.  It seems to be made with a cheese sauce that is thickened with a flour rue, then baked to give a nice golden, crusted top.  It was tasty as well, but could have used a bit more seasoning.  It was my least favorite of all the sides I have had.   All their salads are also pretty good.  The veggies in the salad are pretty much the same regardless of which salad you get: ice berg lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions.  Except for the Greek and pasta.  The Greek has feta and olives, and the pasta has a whole list of its own ingredients.    What differentiates the various salads are the additions and the dressing.  Beside the basic garden and Greek, the three other salads to choose from are: 1) the salmon or chicken caesar, 2) the chicken tikka salad, and 3) the sausage salad.  The salmon caesar is a great substitute for the Lovely Bit of Salmon pasty.  The salmon is cooked very well.  Juicy, not overcooked and not undercooked, seasoned just like the salmon in the Lovely Bit of Salmon.  Ask for a side of the white wine and dill dressing that usually accompanies the Lovely Bit of Salmon and you will not regret it.  That sauce is amazing.  This is my favorite salad. The chicken tikka is also good.  The chicken is marinated in a red rub or spice, like what you would find with tandoori chicken, and served on a salad with yogurt dressing.  Finally, the sausage salad was not my favorite.  They make the sausage in house, but I was a bit disappointed with the flavor and the way it was cooked.  It was overcooked, very dry, and a bit off.  I'm not sure if I would order it again.  I've had it twice and it was the same both times.  Overall, this is one of the best restaurants in Tempe!
The atmosphere is very dark and you feel almost closed in.  But the food makes up for it. The greek salad and the tikka masla is really good.  The workers are all tatted up and seem kinda unshowered.  The happy hour has good car bomb specials.
Cornish Pasty Company is one of my favorite restaurants in Tempe. For under 10 dollars you can get a good meal that will fill you up and it tastes delicious as well. I've been here around 5 times and I always try to get something different than my last visit. If it's your first time at this place I suggest you go with the original Oggie. So far I've tried the Oggie, the Italian, the Meat and Cheese, Bangers and Mash, the Reuben, I can't even remember them all.  But you won't be disappointed with this place, the food is consistently good every visit. The only drawback about this place is that it's pretty small.
I'm such a friggin' idiot that I just recently discovered this joint.   Hands down, my new favorite place to eat.  On our first visit, I tried the original 'auggie', which is essentially steak and potatoes.  It was fresh, hot, seasoned perfectly and absolutely melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  A decent cut of meat and it went along perfectly with the red wine sauce pairing.  The wife had the chicken pot pie and loved it.  The proverbial cherry on the top was the dessert PB&J sangwhich.  Best.thing.ever.  Oh and they have a great beer menu.  This place rocks!
MAN! I lived in the UK for a while, and when I came home about six years ago, I came to the startling realization that the odds of having a proper pasty ever again were next to nothing.  Then I moved to Arizona. And here, of all places, is the Cornish Pasty Company. And their pasties are SPOT ON.  If you've ever had a pasty from the West Cornwall Pasty Co. in the UK, you'll recognize the pasties on CPC's menu. They have your traditional steak and swede (CPC: The Oggie), Pork and Apple, and other familiar favorites. They also have some of their own creations, which sound amazing.  I ordered the Oggie. Husband ordered the Meat (housemade sage sausage) and Cheese. Outstanding flavor, texture, and overall eatability. They're huge--we each took half home and they heated up fabulously in the oven at 350F the next day.  DON'T SKIP DESSERT! The Banoffee Pie is a favorite across the pond and an absolute must-try. It's incredibly rich--and incredibly large--so plan to share between two or more!  Oh, and hey--the service is outstanding, and the prices can't be beat. Win, win, win!
Not much on ambience, but the food is amazing!
Fun place!
I ordered the royal with cheese, omgosh yum. It was the best french fry/burger thing, I've ever eaten. Very very tasty. I got my order to go, and it was snappy service, and they were friendly.  The only negatives are that this also doubles as a bar and the drink prices are meh, and it looks super sketchy at night.  Overall though, I recommend going to this place because it was the bomb!
greatest place.  despite it being in a bit of a sketchy neighborhood- we saw two women walking in the parking lot with laundry baskets on their heads - i thought i was in a nat geo special!  - and it being really, really small and dark - i like it.  amazing vegetarian options - in fact, i think they have most of their regular options in vegetarian form.  and great beer on tap.  you don't mind waiting a while since it does take a while to bake these when you have a good beer to drink.   they even have the pastys raw so you can take them home and cook them there.   i highly recommend this place.   now all i ask is that you open one near desert ridge!! also..like i said, have some time to spare, since it does take a while for them to bake the food.
I just had my first Cornish Pasty experience, and can I just say yummmm!  I am a vegetarian and my boyfriend is a carnivore.  I was pleasantly surprised that I had an entire page of unique and delicious options to choose from, and I know I will be returning soon to try more.  On another note, for any of you other vegetarians out there, I sat at the bar and could see the prep area where they cut the scrumptious pasties and prep them up to go out to customers, and to my satisfaction and delight, they were thoughtful enough to use a separate knife to cut my veggie pasty.  All in all, it was a great experience.
Fun, unique selection of delicious food that you'll find nowhere else in town, great selection of cold beers, cozy dark atmosphere, friendly staff. Not sure why people are saying it's in a sketchy neighborhood -- I think the worst thing that will happen to you is you might get asked for spare change in the parking lot, but trust me, you are perfectly safe coming here. Can't speak to the "authenticity" of these pasties, but they sure are good, and I love that there's such a variety of flavors/textures to try.  I'm sad I discovered this place right before I moved out of state.
This is an interesting food experience where you get a lot to eat for a decent price.  The service was on top of things and took good care of keeping my drink full.  I ordered their original pasty and some baked beans with habenero peppers added and then got a lamb and mint pasty to go.  They carried out both orders very well and without the confusion many places seem to have when they receive such an order.  Good place for an occasional visit but regular visits might incur a larger waistline as it is a very carb heavy meal.  I enjoyed both of my pasty pies and would look forward to sampling their other offerings.
This place has been on my "must try" list for quite some time, but since it's pretty far from where I live, we hadn't made the trek down there... until now... since we had nothing better to do on a lazy Labor Day weekend, we got in the new car and headed down to give this place a try. It was a drive, but BOY was it worth it!   Love, love, love the unique vibe of this place. It reminded me of Bison Witches (near U of A in Tucson), but WAY better. The inside was small, but we made it before the lunch crowd so it's all good. We ordered the bangers n' mash and chicken tikka masala pasty. First of all, the pastry is awesome.. I'm pretty sure anything stuffed into that would blow your mind, but given they have a huge selection of great inserts that only increases the loveliness of the pastry. I'm not sure anything is better than a cold beer and one of these bad boys. They are so unique and extremely well done.   This place is a keeper for sure... I can't wait to go back and give some other varieties a whirl. Based on the reviews, I've got to sample some dessert as well... yay!
Great food-CHECK Great vibe-CHECK Great staff-CHECK Theres not many places that will make me go and have more of their great food two days after i went for the first time. Until a few weeks before i went to the Cornish pasty i didnt even know what a pasty was....until my Michigan roommates told me. So i gave it a try, what hooked me was the spicy chicken asiago pasty, its out of this world....i think their crust is their main key ingridient, its tasty, light and flaky. My second time there i tried the chicken masala and it was great for my spicy taste but it may be too spicy for most people. I also had the cajun pasty and it was equally great, the ham inside have it an unexpected pleasant flavor. If you havent been there, you are not making yourself any favors, this hole in the wall is every bit as good as its 5-star rating and prob more!
I love Cornish Pasty Company for the charming atmosphere, great beer selection, and last but not least the food. If you come here sit at the bar and order a cajun chicken. You're welcome!
Since there is no other place like it - 5 stars.  So freakin good, I wish there was one in Tucson.  I had the original pasty with meat, potatoes and gravy. Simply devine comfort food. The baked cauliflower and broccoli side was also excellent. I wished I would have tried everyone else's pasty, but I was on a mission to finish mine and that huge 32oz. beer.   Love the old-time photos of miners and traditional pub decor. I can't wait to get back to this place.
One of the things I love about my neighborhood is that Cornish Pasty is w/in walking distance.  Every pasty Ive had here is awesome. My personal faves include the shepherds pie, the chicken pot pie, and the thanksgiving pasty.  Yes its tiny and loud, but it adds to the charm. Also, the smell that you smell right when you walk in the door= heaven.  We eat in and get to go. Tip for to go: have a beer or a cider w/ your wait.
The Pasty's here are pretty much gourmet hot pockets. I had the salmon pasty with a side of spicy beans.  Pros: -Great flavors with the salmon filling. Salmon was also cooked perfectly. -The dough was flaky and tender -The dill cream sauce that comes with the pasty is also great. -Car bombs are always good for brunch.  Cons: -Wasn't too into the spicy beans. They were too spicy for my liking, making it unbearable to eat.
The CPC is about a block from my condo.  Since I moved to Tempe, I've gained about 15lbs.  I'm fairly certain a large portion of this has to do with this restaurant.  When I cut myself shaving, I bleed red wine gravy.  I frequent CPC more than I should.  Guilty as charged.  The food is just...so damn good.  I'm also a fan of their dfraft beer selection.  32oz mugs of Hoegaarden or Dead Guy ale?  Yes, please.  I've turned many people on to the wonders of this place.  Out of all of my friends that tried it, the only one that didn't fully appreciate it was the one that had a lap band.  I don't recommend this place if your stomach is the size of a walnut because there will be some damage.  I've tried nearly all of the pasties (with the exception of the vegetarian ones) and it's difficult to pick a favorite.  I guess if I had to narrow it down to three, I'd choose (in no particular order), the Oggie, the chicken greek and the pilgrim.  Damn delectable!  I've also had their pasta salad.  It's huge.  I probably wouldn't get it again, though.  Why would I get that when I could have a pasty?  I thought I knew what comfort food was until I had my first pasty.  OK, so what about the interior?  There isn't much of it!  It's a hole in the wall.  The Mesa location is quite bigger, so if you're dead set on trying the food on a Friday or Saturday, you may want to check out the Mesa setting.  I've only had to wait for a table once, and it wasn't for very long, but I tend to visit during the off hours (late afternoon or later in the evening).  If you're flying solo, don't be ashamed to hop on a bar stool and watch the 20 something hipster dudes cook up gravy and other vittles.     Speaking of the employees, they're a motley bunch.  Service is usually pretty decent.  If you're a fan of tattoos, nearly all of the employees are inked.  It definitely lends a sense of style to the place.    There's a single unisex bathroom in the back.  If you gotta go, you gotta go.  I suggest forming a line if it's in use because I've seen people treat it like an airplane bathroom: they'll keep looking over their shoulder to see if the person inside has left and then get up, only to be cut off at the pass by someone seated closer doing the same bit.  I've only had one bad pasty experience.  My pasty was slightly over-baked.  I think the guy that baked it was over-baked, too.  Look at the eyes of some of the cooks.  They're redder than the gravy!  At any rate, that one pasty doesn't warrant the loss of a star compared to the dozens of other perfect pasties that I've had.  I recommend this place to everyone.  Leave your diet in your car and enjoy yourself.
Delicous pasties and great beer selection! They will make vegan pasties too if you call ahead of time to order.... What more could you ask for?! I email them asking if they have vegan options and this was the response (I hope they don't mind me posting this):   "Yes we can make vegan pasties with your choice of ingredients chosen from any of our vegan ingredients in the menu, or we can come up with a surprise pasty from one of our cooks...? Please just call the store of choice an hour and a half before you wish to eat."   Loving this place!
I finally got to try CPC before an ASU football game last weekend.  When we walked in there were a few other confused looking people crowded in the doorway. We were there about 15 minutes to 6 and apparently there isn't a hostess until 6. So along with the other people we fended for ourselves and my hubby and I found a table for 2. Usually dark and small places make me claustrophobic but I actually liked the atmosphere. It was like a comfy cave. And I loved the fact that I smelled curry in a pub.   It took about 10 minutes to get any service. Which slightly annoyed me because if we would have gotten served earlier we would have gotten happy hour prices on our beers. But luckily the server was great. Really sweet, funny, and informative.   The pasties do take awhile to be made, but that's okay because we had 32 oz beers to enjoy! They have a good, but not huge beer selection.  My husband ordered the oggie which he really enjoyed. He loved the sauce it came with. I ordered the pesto veggie pasty. It was very tasty. The pasty itself it so buttery and flaky. And the filling had Quorn brand veggie chicken which is my favorite brand of vegetarian chicken. So yummy. Next time I definitely want to order a spicier one. Italian style was good but I can imagine a Mexican or Indian one being even better!  Overall, worth the 20 minute trek to Tempe!
The place is small, great for a quick lunch and feels like you're in the city (decoration/mood).  I've had the Oggie and the Royale. It has enough vegetarian choices, too. I like the Veggie Greek. My favorite is the Greek salad!! That dressing! I want the recipe.   The service is always good and the drinks as well.  The Mesa location, just wasn't the same. But it has a patio and it's bigger.
If you haven't been to the Cornish Pasty (pronounced past-tee), you have not really seen the heart of Tempe. It's a little place, not really good for groups or kiddos, but when you enter you truly fee the atmosphere shift, and guess what? Now you're part of the cool crowd. The food is so good! I love their mushy peas for a starter (although half of the time they are out) and then the Pilgrim to seal the deal. It's like a Thanksgiving party in your mouth any time of the year! All of their food is great, and this place is always busy it seems. Don't come on a Friday or Saturday night unless you like being in small spaces with a million loud drunks. Mid-afternoon is the best. The servers are usually pleasant, but some have a better-than-you hipster attitude. But hey, if you haven't been here yet, you're missing out on Tempe's best kept secret!
A friend in Las Vegas recommend CPC to me so I stopped in while staying the night in Phoenix. The server was super friendly, and the food was nothing short of amazing. The place had a really cool atmosphere, and I will probably eat there every time I visit Phoenix.
I fell in love with pasties while in england.  CPC is a little yuppified -- real pasties are served from street vendors or behind a counter to travelers about to get on a train or walk down the street.  I had a chicken-pot-pie pasty and it was delicious.  I don't think I'll eat in again, but only order to go because the PLACE WAS LOUD!  Heavy metal music played loud enough that people had to shout.  The din was harsh and loud enough that I was itching just to get the hell out and away from the noise.  Forget desert.  Just get the hell out.
Hole in the wall greatness. Sorta pricey though, but, if you're a potato fan this place will rule your soul -- and you will have no complaints.
The place is small, great food and service I've had the Pilgrim and salad  and home made dressing was great! I want the recipe.   The service is always good and the drinks as well.  The Mesa location  we sat on the patio and it's bigger inside was a little loud.
What can I say that hasn't already been said?  This is an awesome diamond in the rough and worth the trip every time.  In fact, just the mere thought has me drooling and thinking of making a trip there.    I have been to both locations - this one and the one out in Mesa.  Although the one is Mesa is closer to my house and the food the same quality, I prefer the ambiance of this one better so my husband and I always try to stop by when in the area.    I'l admit I'm not very adventurous when eating new things at times.  I find a favorite and stick to it.  I have tried about 5 different pasties but my favorites I always come back to are the Oggie and Chicken Pot Pie.  Their soups are also wonderful.  The potato leek is very hearty and filling but the Mushroom, Walnut and Spinach was a wonderful surprise.  I would never have tried it because it seemed and odd mix of flavors but I saw an episode of "Check Please AZ" where this soup was raved about so I decided to give it a try.  I am so glad I did!  The complexity of flavors was out of this world.  A huge beer and a warm pasty, the casual atmosphere and aroma of the mouth watering red wine gravy all blend into a wonderful dining experience.  For the value and the quality this is a "must try" for everyone.
If I could, I would eat here everyday.  The pasties are amazing, the beer selection is quality and the atmosphere is unique, in a great way.
How often do you see a pasty shop in US? I went to Cornish Pasty with a lot of expectations (since I'm a big lover of pasties). Maybe because of my high expectations, I found the pasties to be just good enough. The sticky toffee pudding was great though (again, how often do you see sticky toffee pudding on the menu!).  Service staff is very nice and friendly . Food takes forever to get.
I love this place. They have a large assortment of pasties to choose from. A pasty is similar to a calzone, but these are of English influence. My favorite is the Gobbler- it's a Thanksgiving type dinner wrapped up in a pasty with gravy and cranberry sauce on the side. Mmmmm! Some other recommendations are the Shepard's Pie or Chicken Pot Pie. They even have vegetarian pasties. One important fact- you can't modify the ingredients. They come as they are and they are delicious!!
I asked my daughter where she wanted to go and have dinner. She texted me back, "Cornish Pasty". I thought that she had dropped the "r" in Pasty. I, not being of supreme intelligence, thought it was "Pastry". So, I Googled, "Cornish Pastry". The search result returned "Cornish Pasty". Still, in my supreme intellect, I thought, oh they dropped the "r" in Pasty. I clicked on the link to their site and then I realized that I, again, had been fooled by my supreme intelligence and in fact, the correct spelling was "Pasty".  Now, on to the hard part. I still hadn't had my V8 moment because I didn't know that a "Pasty" was a culinary item. As I began to search the menu online, I thought to myself ( I would have thought to someone else, but no one was around) "Hey, wait a second......Pasties are a dish!!!". But, now having seen the fare (albeit electronically), I knew I would love this food.  As with previous reviews the place is narrow and small. But, what they lack in structure, they make up for in ambiance, knowledge and service. I ordered the Bangers & Mash and my daughter ordered the Eggplant Parmesan. All I can say is WOW. The pasties were excellent. And, for dessert we ordered the Chocolate Bread and Butter pudding with creme anglaise. One of the best desserts I have ever had. I have truly expanded my culinary palette.
The only reason I give 4 stars  is because I can't bring in a big party! haha... It is that good, love the food, the drinks, and how snug it is.   I brought my boyfriend here awhile back and he kinda had a confused look on his face when we walked throught the door and sat down. But as soon as he read the menu and beer list he was happy. Now I hear he likes to take his co-workers there:)  If you love the "homecooked" food feel, then go there... whose home?... I don't know, not mine for sure, maybe if I had an old english grandmother I guess.   Just arrive before 7 on weekends, it gets packed late into the night. Its not that big inside, so if your claustrophobic sit near the back by the door...you'll see some light:)
Great place and nice staff... Delicious food and variety .. definitely we'll be back
The Missus & I are traveling together this week (yay!) and stopped by the Cornish Pasty Co. for a quick dinner.  Nice English beers (and cider) on tap - kind of a dive-y ambiance.  Let's face it, we all LOVE finding an out of the way place with really good, reasonably priced food, don't we?  It just tastes better!  CPC delivers on all counts.  It's kinda loud (but I liked the music, so that's OK :) and kinda dark, but that's OK too.  Pasties are English pies miners would take to work for their lunch.  The Missus had the Shepherds Pie pasty (she had the ground beef, but lamb is an option, as it should be) and I had the Indian curry pasty - two big hits!  The pie is crusty, golden brown and delicious outside, nice and delicate inside.  Fillings are yummy, service was great!  The House Special pasty has rutabagas in it, which I despise, and the friendly server was most apologetic that they couldn't take them out, but said if I called ahead they would be glad to remove the offending root veggies with some advance notice - nice of them to offer to accommodate my distaste for root vegetables in general (and rutabagas in particular).  In summary: great, interesting food, friendly service, reasonable priced - we'll be back and I recommend you stop by as well, and see what this whole pasty thing is all about!
I have now eaten at this place over a dozen times, and it's still five stars to me. Never ordered anything I didn't love. Amazing they can do that from their tiny little kitchen. I'm currently having an affair with their Greek pasty--in both vegetarian and non-vegetarian forms, it's amazing. Their tzatziki sauce is out of this world--and I don't usually like yogurt-based sauces. In fact, I can't think of a yogurt sauce I do like! Other tzatzikis fall flat in comparison. This one is great! We love the Italian, Cajun, Oggie, Greek, steak... oh, and do NOT forget the sticky toffee pudding for dessert! OM NOM NOM.
13 minutes, start to finish, during the lunch rush, no less!  I visited for the first time a few days ago, and let's just say it's not a good thing for my BMI that my office is less than a mile from here.  Plenty of vegetarian and vegan (!) options.  As a insanely and annoying picky quasi-vegetarian, I'd like to see more vegetarian options withOUT faux meats.  But, perhaps as I make my way down to that section of the veg options, I'll change my mind.  The place seems a bit more cozy (aka cramped) than I usually care for, but I'll be back for take-out and eat-in for the food and service alone.  Tip: there are two entrances. I came in the west side door and couldn't really figure out where I was supposed to order.  Make your way to near the end of the bar and you'll be at the register for take-out.
Love this place! food is excellent and they have good beer.
This was the first restaurant I became a regular at when I moved to Phoenix 3 years ago. I love this place, my heart will always have it. Everything, and I mean everything on the menu is great. From the garlic mashed potatoes with cheese, to the vegetarian pasties to the P,B, and J pasty, it's all great. The employees are all helpful and extremely nice. A perk for me, is that I get to sit at the bar and watch my food get prepared. I love that. Great for lunch and especially great to pre-party before going out on Mill.
Inexpensive, incredible and the food is out of this world. Didn't expect this from a hole in the wall in Tempe! Cornish Pasty Company is a place you MUST visit if you are in the surrounding area. Not only is the food delicious, but the atmosphere puts you right into the heart of Eurpoe. A must have are the garlic "chips" which are actually thick french fries.
Excuse me. How in the world have I lived walking distance from Cornish Pasty Company for over a month and have only barely heard of this gem?! Thats what I want to know.  A friend introduced us to Cornish Pasty saying it is "the best restaurant ever". I best give it a try then right? The Tempe location is smaller than the Mesa location but I LOVE its vibe. A small narrow walking space between people sitting at a counter behind the kitchen and people sitting at teeny tiny tables, dim lit lighting and candles and for the most part, pretty good music.   My man and I ordered the Mexican Pasty and the Rosemary Chicken Pasty. They were unbelievable! SO GOOD. The Mexican Pasty was definitely the better of the two but I'd order both of them again any day. A little heavy dinner action to make a girl feel full and happy. I respect restaurants that have a plethora of vegetarian options. What generation are you living in if you don't offer veggie options these days? Get with the program all you other restaurants. You know who you are!   I loved the entire experience and can't wait for our next trip.
Curl up in this cozy, (and by cozy I mean totally and utterly tiny) dark pub with friends, a boddington and a Cornish pasty, preferably of the "thanksgiving dinner" variety. There are of course other amazing Cornish pasty flavors which my Phoenix mates have raved about, which I've yet to try, mainly due to the fact that I live in Los Angeles. I trust their tastes though, so you can believe that everything on the menu is definitely worth a go. The atmosphere takes you right out of the States and puts you smack dab in the middle of London on a misty summer night. A tasty way to stay-cation. Cheers!
The Cornish Pasty Company is all-around awesome.  I come from an English background and have enjoyed pasties all of my life -- from my grandmother, my mother, and my aunts.  But, hold the phone -- there is an entire RESTAURANT dedicated to these yummies?!  Yes, please!  Many of our family gatherings are Cornish Pasty Company lunches -- we buy a ton of these treasures and eat them together, whether there be 10 of us or 20 of us!  I have dined-in a couple of times and like that experience a lot, too.
Never really eaten at a place like this, but it was actually very good. Environment was really lively and loud. Went here on the weekend so it was very busy. Very small place so with a lot of people there isn't much room to move around. Also there is only two bathrooms, so there was a little bit of a line to use it. Prices were fair for the amount of food you get. Overall a fun place to hang out and eat.
The Cornish Pasty on University is very small place. There is more room and outdoor seating at the one in Mesa which is a little farther but worth it also. They have great Pasty's!!! They are truely gourmet hot pockets! YUM!
I've visited four or five times now, and each time have been glad that I did. Yes, it's loud. It's dark. The lights flicker. And the claustrophobic should think twice. Combined with consistently phenomenal food, these are all aesthetically compelling reasons to absolutely love this place. I generally stick to the vegetarian menu; last night I tried the eggplant parmesan, which was incredibly satisfying. And they do have some rather decent beer on tap. The staff are friendly and accommodating: even the bus-boy was upbeat and helpful as we navigated their dense menu.  It's a pain in the ass to get a table (as it should be), so choose your one best friend and sit at the bar.  Do it.
Been going to their Tempe location for years and always look forward to it. My favorite is the Veggie Pesto. I have also tried their Mesa location, much larger and could easily handle a big group. Customer service is great. If you are looking for fast food this is not it. Whenever I visit the area I like to pick up a cold pasty wrap it with ice packs and put it in my luggage to share with those back home; ten minutes in the oven and it's a beautiful meal.
Well I am from England and I think this place is totally awesome.  Yes it`s cramped tiny and hot. But the pasties make it up for it. Absolutely great, and I`m English and I should know. Don`t tell your friends though because this place is busy enough already and it`s often hard to get a table, and I want to make sure I can get in.
Oh i love thee cornish pasty!!!! Seriously so good! I love the vibe and atmostphere of this place, I know its super hipster and trendy but it's a nice place to eat and experience a delicious meal!!!!
Sorry Cornish!  You have a good thing going it seems but need some polishing/cleaning.  The place was doing a really brisk carryout business while we were there.  Very friendly and eclectic staff.  Good beer selection too.  The pasties were tasty but the temperature of the filling when reheated was not consistent - some hot spots, some cool spots.  I worry that this could be a recipe for food illness.  The star killer came just as we were getting ready to leave.  A small roach came crawling out onto the bar in front of us.  GGGAAAAHHHHDDDD.
The food is really, really tasty. I got the Pilgrim, because I love Thanksgiving dinner, and it did not disappoint. The cranberry sauce for dipping was a perfect touch. And it was super filling. When ordering, the waitress told us it didn't come with any sides - we thought it was kind of weird, so two of our group ordered some fries for the side. As it turned out, the pasty was deceptively small looking and was actually incredibly hearty. I could barely finish it and I had hardly any of the fries. Sides really aren't necessary!  The major downside, and the reason for 4 stars, is the rather uncomfortable interior. I don't really mind that it's dark or grungy, but my main complaint was how loud it was. The music was so loud, my dinner mates and I could barely carry on a conversation since we had to basically shout to be heard. I suppose if you're drinking and being loud anyway it's not too bad, but otherwise it's not the best place to actually eat there. In the future I'll stick to take out.
Oggie, oh Oggie, how do I love thee. Savory, warm and filling, perfectly good with or without the wine gravy. And the chips, just plain, no garlic or cheese, my gods... simple, potato-y perfection. I suppose I'll one day be adventurous and sample the other styles, but for now, Oggie is all I need. That, and a lack of hipsters and overly loud music.
Never had a pasty before coming here. I'm a HUGE fan, now.  Girlfriend had the Shepard's Pie (with lamb) pasty and I went with the Oggie pasty. We started off with an order of Mushy Peas. For dessert, we had the Apple Cinnamon Pasty and Chocolate Bread & Butter Pudding.  Everything we had was so delicious! My girlfriend said it looked like I was having a food-gasm. (I think I was) The pudding ... oh, my ... the best I've ever had.  The food here is OUTSTANDING. The beer is nice and cold. The service is great. The atmosphere is perfect for a British Pub. What more could you ask for?
Incredible food , Great staff , atmosphere , all around a pleasurable experience. Tell your friends one of Tempe's Greatest restaurants.  Its worth the trip.... Thanks Dean !!!!
Hole in the wall and a must-know amongst Sun Devils.  This place serves up pasties which are essentially the original hot pocket.  They have a wide variety of them from vegetarian to carnivore and none of them will disappoint.  Great place to meet up with a date or a couple friends if you're looking for a good bite and a couple drinks.
After multiple visits and having tried their other offerings, I'm upgrading my rating of Cornish Pasty Co to five stars. Last night it turned out my eyes were bigger than my stomach and I couldn't even touch dessert (the very appropriately named strawberry pavlova) until this morning; a Porky and mushy peas was all I needed for 12 hours straight.  My new life goal is to eat one of everything Cornish Pasty makes. I might die in the process, but I'll die happy.
It was a nice change from the same old takeout we have to choose from in Az. I was really excited at first, because they have a Reuban, my fav sandwich ever. The fact that they delivered to me, being a good hike from here was an added bonus.  It was good, a bit overpriced for what you get. The bread was slightly too thick.   It's the type of place I'd order from maybe twice a year if that. Staff was very nice though
When I was still living in Tempe area. I never had a pasty before until my friend introduce me to this place. It definitely was an experience and the food was amazing. The place is always pack and has a very diverse crowd. I normally sit at the bar to see how the pasties were being made but then again they seem to be the only available seats when I go. The beer selections were great. I either get a strongbow or hoegaarden (both of which are my favorites). I've only had the oggie and lamb mint pasty. Lamb mint was by far my favorite and I'd always get that one. The lamb was cook just right, tender and still juicy. To top it off the red wine gravy was amazing! Now that I don't live in Az anymore I'm craving for it! Out searching here in NorCal and the bay area for a good place that serves pasty! I would definitely recommend this place.
Good stuff!
As a Brit a long way from home, I couldn't believe it when my friend took me to this little gem hidden away in a random Tempe stripmall. The dark grungy decor and Hipster clientele seemed straight out of Capitol Hill in Seattle!   I had the original Cornish pasty, like what pasties are in the UK. Though the pasty menu is extensive and creative with lots of veggie options too.  It was fantastic!  Succulent steak chunks and vegetables wrapped up in the delicious pastry crust. Very authentic!  Also had the mushy peas, true British chippy style.   For dessert I had to have the sticky toffee pudding as that's my all time favourite 'afters' from home. It arrived in its own black cauldron with a side of creme anglaise. Absolutely amazing! The sweet gooey toffee inside was perfectly warm and runny. My friend and I quickly inhaled the whole thing in a few spoonfuls.  Overall it was a great dining experience here. Lots of beer choices too. I shall be back!
amazing!!!!
This is probably where the 7 dwarves would come after their day of work.....English comfort food!!  I have a friend who loves this place, and I FINALLY made it in......so glad I did, I really didn't quite understand her description of what a pasty is, but, now I do! It's like the English version of an empanada, or like a gourmet hot pocket, haha! (ok, it really doesn't compare to a hot pocket, I'm sorry, I'm just trying to think of a good word picture!)  So, they have a million different filling options...it seems what is available on the menu might vary depending on what is fresh (LOVE food made to order that's FRESH!) The best part about this place is that they have VEGAN OPTIONS! woo hoo!!! I'm adding this place to my dairy-safe zone!   I had the vegan philly cheese steak pasty, it was very good! They really do make it fresh, mine was piping hot....for the "steak" they used mushrooms, and whatever kind of sauce they used for the "cheese" was quite savory. When you order your pasty, they give you some different sauce-on-the-side options (apparently you eat pasty with sauce?) Anyways, the marinara was really good and really complemented my pasty. (a beer would have worked really well with it too.... oh well, next time!)  My husband had the oggie and thoroughly enjoyed it was well. These things are big, by the way! If you have trouble filling up, you'll be really happy with this place! And if you don't, you'll have two meals for the day for only around 10 bucks! Not bad, right?!  Can't wait to come back here! Btw, this location is designed to look like inside a mine (read the menu for the background story on pasties) If you are claustrophobic, just sit towards the back, there is a nice big window back there. Otherwise, it is a bit dark and narrow in there, but still comfortable.
We went to The Cornish Pasty Co. yesterday (Sunday) around 1:00pm and it was packed. Granted, the place is tiny, so it doesn't take many people to fill the restaurant. We waited a few minutes and were able to get two chairs at the bar. If you're sitting at the bar, you're essentially in the open kitchen as well. Like I said, it's very small! We had an awkward few minutes at the bar (sitting in front of people's empty plates), but someone finally gave us menus.   We ordered draft beer - Rogue Hazelnut Brown, which happens to be one of our favorites. I've never seen it on tap before, so we were pretty excited to try it. It did not disappoint! We ordered our pasties; I had the bangers and mash and my husband had the chicken tikka masala. I think we'd agree that they were both good, but nothing mind-blowing.  My husband is from England and thought the sausages didn't taste authentic. They were extremely sage-y and a bit tough. I was a bit disappointed that the "mash" was really just chunks of potatoes. The red wine gravy served on the side was good.   I think it was a bit pricey for what we got - two pasties and two beers for $28. I wouldn't make a special trip to Tempe to have it again.
I haven't had a chance to eat in yet but I did get to try their tikka masala chicken salad and it was good. We got it for a work meeting. I loved the dressing with it but the salad was somewhat lacking. The chicken was great but the veggies in the salad weren't as plentiful as I had hoped.   Everyone else's food looked great and it made me wish I could have a pasty (dang gluten!). I would suggest checking this place out as it has probably the only English food I've seen in Tempe.
When you walk in, the mining theme is hard to ignore. There's a long bar on the left, a long row of tables on the right, the decor is black, and the photos are all of early 20th century Cornish miners hard at work. It felt a bit like dining in a mineshaft, which seems to be the place to munch on Cornish Pasties.  We stopped by here on our way out of Phoenix back to CA, lured by the proximity to our hotel and the good reviews.  The pasties are substantial - my wife only finished half of hers. There's a variety of fillings - I had the bangers and mash, my wife an Indian curry. Both were tasty if a bit salty. We stayed full most of the trip back to the coast.  The server was friendly and efficient; our drinks never reached bottom before being refilled.  We'll likely come back next time we're in town.
This place is PERFECT!  The menu is rather unique and there's something to suit everyone's taste.  They have a pasty for everyone: from traditional savory options to sweet PB&J offerings, anyone can find something to love!  My favorite: the "indian" inspired options, like the lamb vindaloo.  The only thing I would change would be the fires - they were a bit undercooked.  Still, this is an exciting and delicious experience, and surely one of the best places the valley has to offer.  Top it of with reasonable prices and a good beer selection, and you've got a winner!
Finally ate here last night after wanting to forever! Got the shepherd's pie pasty and it was so good. Gravy on the side was a perfect addition. Very filling too. As always, the place was pretty crowded but we were seated quickly and I really liked our server. I would definitely go back- and hopefully soon!
I am not as enthusiastic about the Cornish Pasty Company as some, but if you are looking for this type of place to eat, you will probably enjoy the experience.  A Pasty is basically a turnover; at Cornish Pasty Company, it is a very big turnover.  One is a meal.  Here they precook them until they are almost done, then finish them when you order.  This process introduces a drying effect that detracts from the product.  They do serve a sauce with each pasty, and as the sauces we tried were quite good, you can use the sauce to counteract the dryness. When all is said and done, the pastys are tasty.  But not knock-your-socks-off great.  The atmosphere at Cornish Pasty Company is cramped and noisy.  It seems more like a college hangout than a restaurant, and this is not surprising because it is a college hangout, but one where the quality of the food has attracted a wider clientele.  If you like this kind of atmosphere, you will be right at home at one of the few small tables or at the bar.  I prefer the bar.  Prices are low (typically about $9 for a pasty), considering the size of the meal.  Hints: 1.  It is always crowded.  Try to come at an off hour, like 4:30 on a weekday. 2.  Skip the very average salads and the oven chips (dry, tasteless), and probably the other appetisers.  Just get a pasty.  If you are an abnormally big eater, follow it up with a dessert pasty. 3.  It is a bit hard to find.  Turn North on Hardy from University to find the Cornish Pasty Company in a small shopping center hidden by a large gas station.
What a pleasant surprise.  Best Cornish Pasty I have had outside of Cornwall.  A hole in the wall place in Tempe that looks like a British pub inside.  Good to go into a dark spot in the heat of the desert.  It's very good.
This place is awesome.   A cornish pasty is like a big calzone stuffed with whatever you choose. They have many choices and all regular choices are also available as vegetarian entrees. These are HUGE so come hungry! Their tomato soup is also good but I would definitely stick to a pasty if you want a delicious meal.  The place is pretty divey but in a really great way. I have also heard they are expanding so those of you who have complained about their cramped quarters may find some reprieve soon. Personally, I like the small dark divey feel.  They also serve Rogue beer which is delicious if you haven't tried it.   I like this place so much I eat there whenever I am in the area, which has prevented me from trying many other places nearby but I cant seem to bring myself not to go to Cornish as it is so good every time.  Highly recommend it if you are in the area.
Cornish Pasty Company, I hate you!  You are only located in frickin Arizona, and I can't get my fix because I'm in San Francisco!   My husband and I ate a Pasty at practically every meal when I was in Arizona for a convention so we got to try a LOT of the flavors there.  Please please please consider opening a shop in the San Francisco Bay Area.  I'll get a little rounder, but hey - happy fat is alllllllll good.
We came here for lunch and were a little leery when we first walked in. I had the cream of leek soup, my mother had the sausage salad, and my aunt had the Greek salad and we were all very impressed. We took a bangers and mash pasty to go, but we are so full, that it'll be awhile before we can try it. The service was a little slow, but the quality of food and atmosphere made up for the inconvenience.
What the...? A Cornish pasty place in Tempe, AZ? I've had a hankering for a pasty for quite some time and thought I'd have to wait until my next trip to the upper Midwest.   For starters, I like the menu here. Places that do one thing and do it well rate highly with me, and this place does pasties. There are about a dozen different kinds of pasties on the menu ranging from traditional (beef & potatoes or chicken pot pie) to unusual (salmon or Mexican), for example. The pasties are pre-made and warmed up to order and come with sauces. The red wine gravy I tried was very good. There are a few side dishes like chips, slaw, and beans, and some good looking desserts. (I can't say how they tasted; I had a second Strongbow for dessert.) They have several beers on draft and some bottles, too.   I thought the portion size was decent, but certainly not huge, and the prices fair, especially considering the next nearest pasty place is probably hundreds or thousands of miles away (aside from the CPC's other location, obviously). The pasty seemed authentic and pretty consistent with what I grew up with, but it was a bit salty and a bit dry, though the gravy helped. The flavors were good, though, and I enjoyed my Oggie (their main beef pasty).   The place is small, dark, and divey. There's a single row of tables mostly two-tops along one wall and about a dozen seats at the bar. Dark clothes, visible body piercings, and tattoos seem to be a prerequisite for employment at this place. I got the sense that this place turned into a heavy-metal bar in the evenings, though I could be wrong. I certainly enjoyed the Queen playing when I got there, and the two guys that waited on me at the bar were friendly, cool guys, and the service was efficient.   This is a place I'll visit whenever I'm in town. There's just nothing like it outside of England and the upper Midwest.
I guarantee that you will return. Great food!
I think I'm in love.  My friends have been telling me about this place for months and I haven't had the opportunity to try it. Yesterday I finally did and my tummy has never been happier.  I love the ambiance of the place. It's very small, though they are working on an extension. The employees are all tattooed and rugged, which made me feel right at home. Motorhead, System of the Down, and other older rock and roll and metal music pumped through the speakers, making my ears nearly as happy as my stomach.  They have an extensive beer collection with different options from all over the world.  I had the portobello chicken pasty, and it was wonderful. The insides were so delicious and the crust was decadent. It was a lot of food, but I was determined to finish it.  I've heard this place gets super busy at peak hours and I'm not surprised. I am already looking forward to going back and trying another one of their delicious concoctions.  You can also buy their pasties uncooked so you can make them at home!
Awesome food and desserts
Ordered two pastys as takout.  One was Lamb & Mint.  The other was Chicken Tikka Masala.    It appears to be a typical kind of bar and pub.  The pastys were very flavorful, but a bit heavy.  I guess this is what a pasty is.  My wife and I thought the pastys were quite good, and the staff was very knowledgeable.
So good!!! My kids loved the burger and bangers n mash pasties.  The tiki masala was awesome and so was the classic and Greek... Casual little place... Super good!
Ordered the Rosemary Chicken for my first Pasty experience. I was really impressed. Filling, tasty, and unique.   A few hiccups, the drafts were not in working order. I do believe they may be epanding this location because it's rather small. The other bottle beer my table ordered, they were out of too.   One other side note, there are NO substitutions. You get what you get and you don't throw a fit!  I'm not an onion fan at all, so my choices were pretty limited, but as I stated up top, the ROSEMARY CHICKEN did the trick for me!
Went in after a day of shopping with my mother. We walked into the bar side and decided we wanted to sit in the pew benches on the restaurant side instead. We ordered waters and sodas while munching on a side of chips. My mom got the chicken pot pie and loved the crust and the moist chicken. I got the Meat and Cheese. Although I wish the cheese was a bit more melty the sage pork sausage was great. The dipping gravy tasted of beer. Great addition. The music was fun and the bartender dancing to the music was fun. Great lunch! Will go again when I'm in Tempe. Another plus: enough for left overs!
Ive been here multiple times and love their food. Living in california i come here at least once a month. Any foodie knows there is more to a restaurant experience than a great product. An amazing restaurant has three basics covered:1) customer service 2) great food offerings 3) an overall great experience. This place lacks customer service which kills the experience. I stood there on a packed Tuesday and saw 3-5 different employees walk by with no acknowledgement that I existed. No eye contact, no greeting, no words at all! After 10 mins and a line out the door I left irritated and ticked.   I sympathize with the youth movement and the college atmosphere this place has, however customer service needs to be emphasized to the men and women working the floor. They are the face of your store and if this trend continues, eventually customers will get fed up and go elsewhere. If I am an owner I would be pissed if this negative behavior was going on in my business. The business acumen is very important and should be a learning tool to teach the college kids the important lessons which can be applied to all different job titles. The staff I saw working tonight looked lazy and tired. Maybe due to the high temperature of the restaurant however with poor customer service and lack of a face in the entrance greeting me with a smile and a friendly greeting, it leaves me feeling like you don't want my money and you don't care enough about your customers standing around. Eventually the attitude of we have a superior product that ppl pay for and they not have to worry about customer service will come back to bite them in the butt.   Areas for improvement  The waiters should be focused on turning tables and getting the checks as soon as the dessert is finished as opposed to walking around with their heads cut off. More tables being turned equates to more tips. I saw 4-6 tables sitting talking on their phone when they could have been served their checks or ordered more food. My avg time from start to finish was between 90-120 mins! You cut my time in the restaurant to 60 mins with efficient service and food running from the kitchen this place could double its profits and increase tips.   They need someone to work the front and greet the customers and let them know they are wanted, appreciated and they want to provide me with a great meal!   Drinks out in under 5 mins from order (I waited 20 mins and she forgot about my 2nd beer later in the evening and I had to remind her so 30 mins for a pint of beer...total wait time for 2 drinks: 50 mins  Notification on food times (depends on who is working)   Challenge your servers to turn tables faster   Servers need to be smiling and social
This is the type of place you want to keep coming back and trying other "Pasties" this has only been the second time I've been but will go back the first time I had the "Cajun Chicken" it was great this time I had the "Rosemary Chicken" and it was just ok not enough flavor and a little dry but it still was good and it didn't turn me of from this place at all. I will be back soon
good food, different - never would of thought there was an english flavor in Phoenix!
I had no idea what a "pasty" was before coming here, and I was actually a little wary of trying something that sounded like nipple coverings.  Thankfully, Cornish Pasty is lacking tassels and the like, simply serving up deliciously magical pockets filled with wonderful themed concoctions.    My personal favorite is the reuben, where the pastrami and corned beef is tender, juicy and chewy at the same time, the buttery crust is perfectly flaky, and the 1000 Island dressing is something I enjoy smothering everything in.  I don't know that I've had a reuben in the valley that's comparable to how amazing this pasty is.  And the oven chips?  Forget about it!  Not that you need a side with the size of the pasties...Oh, the Apple Caramel Pasty is also pretty top notch for dessert - warm and gooey.  Their craft beer selection is also admirable, with a few local drafts (including Four Peaks and Oak Creek) and plenty of English-themed brews and English IPAs.  Full disclosure: as a beer geek, I only wish they didn't serve the beer in a frosted glass...it kinda affects the flavor.  Besides that, there is nothing I can complain about, especially since they recently expanded into the building next door, thus gaining about 5X the seating and space.  Much more comfortable, less claustrophobic, and easier to get around.
I've been going here for years!! Sooo good!! Cajun is a must... Hands down!! Super flavorful and the chipotle sauce it comes with is awesome. Warning:  if you try the Cajun, every other one you try (although still delicious) makes you wish you had gotten the Cajun.
I hoped for more from Cornish Pasty Co.  I ordered the Rosemary Chicken (pictured) and while the chicken was pleasantly moist, there was absolutely NO hint of rosemary.  The peppers were fine, but the entire pasty was overpowered by the taste of vinegar the peppers were soaked in.  :(  I also ordered a half-baked Oggie (pictured) to go for a friend and am told it largely tasted like a pot pie.  I guess that's fine of that's what you're looking for, but the only flavor stand out seemed to be the wine-flavored gravy.  The dining room near the entrance was rather small, but it seems they're expanding into the space next door to create a second, larger dining room and second bar (pictured.)  It's unclear if they intend to continue remodeling or of it's complete, but it currently has a combination of very dated details as well as newer, more modern ones.  The second dining room is filled with old church pews for seating which I have mixed feelings about.  I'm happy to see they've been re-purposed, but can't help but wonder how many funerals they've "seen."  It's slightly creepy while trying to eat.  The sever was nice enough, but I have a pet peeve about restaurant cleanliness.  It was rather slow and the server amused himself between visits to the table by playing darts with another patron.  I could care less how he spends his down time, but would have appreciated seeing him wash his hands after touching the same darts other people have used.  Who knows where THEIR hands have been???  If I ever pay CPC another visit, I think I'll skip the entree and try dessert, instead.  Or better yet, skip the dessert and plunk down $3 for a Happy Hour Car Bomb and hope they offer free WiFi by then.  Hopefully, the bartender's hands will be clean.
Love love this place. casual and great food. I go there after a hard hike then beers and Salmon pasty taste like heaven! I wasn't familar with pasty but it's like great empanada and I love it!
I have been going to the Cornish Pasty Co since they opened, years and years ago. When they were still serving your pasty in a basket, cheap tables and chairs, no liquor license, you always saw the owner there working and the menu was so short.   Oh, how its grown, and I love it even more now. The new expansion is awesome! The beer they have on tap is fantastic, the staff is always welcoming and friendly! They've done such a great job. I recommend this place to everyone and I try to visit at least every couple months or so. Every time someone visits from out of town, I make sure to bring them there. If someone has never heard of it before, I tell them all about it. Many people have been pleased by going after I tell them about it! I've never heard any complaints. I only have 1 of my own, and its never stopped me from returning. I had one bad pasty, too much garlic. I can't say how many times I've visited, but its always been a very enjoyable experience. I will keep returning, keep talking them up and still bring in new visitors with me!!   I love the Royale with Cheese, Cajun Chicken, Chicken Alfredo is my favorite, Pesto Chicken and Rosemary Chicken. I always want to try new ones, but I love getting the ones I know I already love! Oh, and you must try the banoffee pie! I'm not a sweets or dessert person, but oh my, it is to die for!
What a gem of a place, entirely unique to Phoenix and one of a kind. The pasties are soooooo good! I felt like i was in Germany being served authentic food. I had the chipotle pastie and ate so much that I was way too full. I only do that when I really like something. Highly recommend! Ps I'm picky too
The help was amazing, the food was delicious, they have Anchor Steam beer! I am making this at least a once a week place for lunch.
Out of both locations, this CP is the most intimate and cozy. I always sit at the bar, order a beer and watch the guys behind the counter do their thing. The PASTY, not PASTRY are really good for the most part. Stick to the classics like Shepard's Pie. Any of the other food styles (Italian, Mexican etc) aren't as good. Their soups are also delicious.
I have been to Cornish Pasty multiple times, but was compelled to write after going in this last time. Things just got THAT much better at Pasty with the opening of their additional dining room. The lack of seating was my only previous complaint, and I look forward to being able to bring large groups there.  They have a helpful staff, and I enjoy the Chicken Pot Pie pasty the most. ALSO--get the banoffee pie and add ice cream. INSANE.
This was my first time here since they expanded. The food was great as always and the service first rate, but now you can actually find a seat. They've done a great job on the expansion. They still maintained the old section but now have an additional bar section and large seating area on the other side. It's dark inside and the music is cranking, great atmosphere in my opinion. If you haven't been there in a while it's worth checking out again. A great location for happy hour as well. I would go back just for the Sonoran White Chocolate Ale.
Great food,  great beer selection. I love this place
Went back this afternoon to enjoy happy hour with my coworkers. We had a great time and I enjoyed more of the Sonoran White Chocolate Ale. The waitress was very nice, offered to provide us with separate checks and even took our picture for us.  I loved the music, nothing better then Led Zepplin, Buffalo Springfield, and all the other great 70's tunes they were playing.  The best part is getting dinner to go and enjoying pasties at home.
LOVE this restaurant. The food is great (especially the cajun) and great selection of beers! Glad they expanded so there is no more wait, but I love the atmosphere of the original dark cramped restaurant.
It was my first visit.  All my co workers have been talking  about this place....with that said,  ..........walking up to this establishment is not impressive.  Please do not take a 1st date here.  All I have heard is about the expansion..and thank goodness!!   This place is dark, the staff look like they are all on tour of some skating boarding ESPN tour  in town.  BUT!!!!  The staff  (who look like skateboarders) were great!  Each one of them so friendly, polite and very attentive.  Beer selection-par none...excellent selection on tab.   The expansion section is inviting for large groups...which was perfect for our work HH. MENU- as my friend would say......UNBELIEVABLE! I took home a Carne Asada concoction and it was sooooo good.  The calzone idea is great! When you can come up with creative stuffing you can't go wrong.    Ambiance 3 ..too dark for me  Staff  5+ -very friendly, attentive & polite Food 5+- the calzone spin -UNBELIEVABLE...so good.  even take home. Beer 5 -great selection on tab......can't get that everywhere.
All I can really say is WOW!  I absolutely love this place... The Carne Adovada is by far my favorite, and a close second is the Spicy Asiago chicken.  The service is always great, and the renovations they've made to the joint are wonderful - it's really a very pleasant place to visit.
I hate giving this place two stars, but the service has always been inconsistent. I've been coming here since 2006, and the food has always been excellent. Service has been spotty though; during my most recent visit our server blew off two of our drink orders and I had to order from the bar myself. Honestly if they would hire some frumpy old veteran servers then I bet everything would improve ten fold. Anyone else ever had this problem?
I found Cornish Pasty via yelp about 2 years ago while visiting Phoenix area for work.  It made such an impression on me,I keep hoping i get to go back to try more variations on the pasties.  We had so much fun with beer and music also last time that i hope the expansion didn't get rid of the hole in the wall feeling.  Anyway my coworkers are placing orders for me to bring back pasties for them.  I don't know how i'm gonna fly with those, but we'll see.   It's probably gonna be  110 plus or minus, but the fact that with of all the great places in phoenix im still drooling about this one means i gotta give it a 5.
my friend recommended this place to me because I mentioned I was going to AZ for a work trip.  I was with my big bosses and some other coworkers and we all went to eat here for a quick bite and drink before catching our flights.. My friend made a great rec because all of my coworkers had a good time and I got the credit for picking the location :P  We tried three different pasties and all three were delicious. Can't recall the actual names of them.. .one was the curry based one, the other was the thanksgiving one.. and the final one was one with the gravy sauce.. everyone loved each one and we just shared a whole bunch family style  Another plus about this place is their collection of beers .. mm... i'm not the biggest fan of beers but the beer that the bartender recommended to me was really good..  .. if i'm in AZ again I'll probably wanna stop here again for sure
Love it, love it, love it!!!! Just.... not the space. SO small and always packed results in either a long wait or us leaving to find a different place to eat. However, the food and service is always excellent. If you've never had a pasty before, you need to go and try one. They are very filling and every different kind I've tried, has been excellent. If you don't know what it is, think of it as like a larger, tastier & fresher hot pocket. I normally stick with "The Oggie", "Bangers & Mash" or "Cottage Pie". All 3 are excellent. I also request an extra side of their red wine gravy. Its amazing!  Don't be scared off when you walk in to find dark walls, dim light and rock music playing. Nor the servers & chef's with tattoos and piercings... because you could easily miss out on one hell of a meal.  (I'd like to add that if you want to avoid the small, dark space with limited seating, you can always try out their other location off Dobson & Guadalupe).
I agree that the service is a hit or miss, but the food itself does justice. The Shepherd's Pie and the Italian should not be missed. I've done take out here a few times and the food is just as good eaten at home as when you eat it at the restaurant. Solid 4 stars from me for their limited, but specialized menu!
First time there, not a bad experience at all.  Sat at the small bar, ordered a couple of 20 oz lagers and a steak pasty.  My server was very enthusiastic and helpful, the atmosphere casual, the music loud and therefore the conversations had to be heard over the music, so it just kept getting louder.  My beers were great, the pasty came out hot & delicious. I could tell that they really do you use the finest of ingredients. The crust was definitely the way it should be, flaky & crumbly at the same time.  Though at $9.00 each they'd be better be worth, it, right? I would say yes for the most part, I wouldn't go there every day but a definite once in a while yes.
Excellent food, cool venue.  Had the Greek pasty, crust was baked perfect, fillings fresh and flavorful.  Side of cheese broccoli and cauliflower - again baked perfectly, perfect blend of cheese, breadcrumbs and sauce.  The Chocolate bread and butter pudding with anglaise was a phenomenal dessert to end with.
Since my last review in 2008 I have probably been here 20+ times. The food is always top notch, but I have to say since the recent expansion the service has really suffered. On each of my last 3 visits it has taken over an hour to get my food. I am patient (especially when the food is so delicious) but the lack of concern from the servers is a bit much.   Last time I came in I ordered the tikka masala salad, now I know they may be busy, but over an hour for a salad is pretty poor service. The time before that I was served a cold pasty and you could tell it had sat for quite a while before making it to my table. Each time I pointed these things out and was met with blank stares or a passive "we're working on it."  I think I will wait a couple of months before returning so they work out the kinks in their service. I still love the food, but I don't usually have 2 hours for lunch.
This is one of my favorite, unique restos in the Phoenix area.  What is a pasty? Think about is as an empanada. If you don't know what that is then think about as...[moan]...a Hot Pocket.  As far as the pasties go, the Lamb Vindaloo is my favorite. I've also tried The Chicken Greek (least favorite), Chicken Tikka Masala, Lovely Bit a Salmon, and the Peppered Steak. They also have a good selection of vegetarian pasties even though I have yet to try them.  This place has expanded and added a lot more space on the other side, but, in my opinion, lost a bit of charm. Something about being uncomfortably hot near the ovens on a summer day in a somewhat cramped setting equals pure character, and I do miss it. Unless I'm hungry.  The staff is laid-back and pretty cool reminding me of dives in Austin, Charlotte, and Philly.  If you want, you can get the pasties half-baked so you can take them home and pop them in a 425-degree oven for 15-20 minutes. But why deprive yourself the experience of enjoying it here?
Good food... Great service... Small place though
Dark & dink, among the whispers and the music lies the CPC! -- Don Don Da....!  Halloween comes and it goes, but not the CPC. First thought was how dark and weird this place was when I first walked up and opened the doors!  What is this a vampire joint!?  Why so dark!?  I guess the sun will melt away the patrons.  I've heard about the meat pies of the CPC and finally made my way here.  I ordered The Oggie - The Traditional Pasty.  Not bad and very good to say, but I do recommend having it during the winter months.  It's pretty hot during the summer here in PHX if you haven't notice.  I would say the CPC is a seasonal restaurant and perfect during the cooler months.  Unless you need your meat pie fix!  Service was good overall and quick.  Needless to say they had more employees that day then Vampires. - Enjoy!
This is probably my favorite restaurant... ever.   It's not the cutest place I've ever seen, not the friendliest staff I've ever met, but my god... they know how to make a damn pasty. And as a vegetarian, it blew my mind to see a food I would normally consider not veggie-friendly to come in so many vegan or vegetarian options. I am not huge on mock meat so I tend to stick with the Cheese & Potato pasty. However, what I have had of the mock meat is pretty crazy good. The dipping sauces are delicious and the breading of the pasty is phenomenal.   Great place to fill up on drinks and grub at a fairly reasonable price (and if you think it's expensive - it's worth every last penny).
Pasties are good, yes? The service at this location blows. Who wants to drive all the way to Mesa, though?
This place is great. Low key, great beer, great food. Spicy Asiago Chicken is fantastic.
Just fantastic. I first went to Cornish Pasty in 05' a few months after they opened and fell in love immediately. Although a few things have changed over the years each one is usually an improvement and never a negative.   If you are not familiar, a pasty is a traditional British coal miners food.  A hearty filling wrapped in a pie crust and baked. Kind of a hand-held meat pie. Cornish Pasty Co. has taken this simple and traditional dish and meticulously perfected each component. Their crusts are some how simultaneously hearty and flaky. Although their is nothing delicate about their seasoning it is never out of balance and all of the ingredients are always quality.   Beyond just mastering the finer details of pasty science, Cornish Pasty Co. has also branched off into wild and exotic flavors. It's no shocker that the British know Indian food and it shows with the tika masala and the lamb vindaloo pasties. What is shocking is the refinement of the Greek and Italian inspired pasties. Perhaps my favorite pasty, from the cuisine most elusive to the British, is the Carne Avadado. This is a Mexican inspired pasty that will satisfy even the most snobby Las Cruses/El Paso foodie. If you have ever talked Mexican food with one you will know just what I mean.   I have eaten nearly every item on the menu and not a one disappoints. It took me ages to get past the pasties and start ordering soups and salads. Now that I have had the spinach, mushroom, walnut soup, it is difficult to save room for my old favorites.   Although the mine shaft inspired interior is dark and cramped I have never felt uncomfortable there. The sound system is usually bumping classic rock and the employees are pierced and tattooed well beyond your typical wait staff, but everyone is friendly and service is typically good.  If I have to list a negative the only one I can think of is the food is consistently just a little better at the University location than the Dobson one.  No clue why, but everyone I've talk to seems to agree, the Tempe store has the edge on quality.    After you add a respectable selection of beers the only reason you won't be here every night is your waist line.   Edit (4/30/2014):  Food's still good... but...    The service has gone down hill. What was once a staff of edgy, unquiet, and skilled individuals. They are now mostly pretentious hipsters, with a bad attitude and below standard skills at basic service.
Absolutely love this place.  A usual lunch spot for me and my team members.  After the expansion things were slow for a bit while the staff got the kinks worked out, now it is great!
Probably my favorite restaurant in all of Arizona. The food is fantastic (I recommend the Cajun Chicken pasty), the servers are really hip and awesome, the kitchen is open for you to see how your food is being made, and the prices are fair. Don't be discouraged if you realize they make the pasties the night before, because they cook them the day of and give you the option to take them home half cooked if you want to eat them at home and cook them yourself. Just such a awesome atmosphere for small groups or a date and really good food with a very nice beer list.
this place is so darn cute!  You might miss it if you are driving too fast.  The food is like nothing I have ever experienced.  I had the pot pie, mmmm was that tasty.  All of the chicken and veggies are wrapped up in a pie type crust with the gravy on the side for dipping.  I have never enjoyed a pot pie as much as this one.  The only thing that was slightly off, was the lighting is very dark and the portions are small.  With that said, the portions being small left us room for dessert.  The dessert was out of this world!  You cannot go wrong with any of their items on the menu! I will be back for lunch for sure, and will bring visitors to this location too!
Excellent options all around. Super tasty stuff.
TOP restaurant I have ever been to in Arizona or even on the west coast.. Once you start walking into the pub you feel like you have suddenly traveled over the pond and back to America's roots BRITISH FOOD! I have always heard horrible  things about how British food consisted of mainly fish and chips and other bland entree's - to my pleasant surprise  the Food was Delicious! - huge beers  -Pasty for all food types  - the service is outstanding  Give yourself the gift of time travel and head on over  to Cornish Pasty Company  where you can leave the southwest once you step in the dark hall of the restaurant EXPERIENCE LIFE ABROAD!
If you haven't been here recently, they've expanded the dining space significantly, creating more of a dining experience (though I prefer to sit at the bar).  The food is consistently terrific--i've never been disappointed. I tried the oven chips for the first time and I'll be ordering those again. They have a good beer selection. The desserts are tasty and unique.   For first time visitors, I'd recommend The Oggie and a pint of the Hazelnut Brown from Oregon. Try the oven chips, or save room for dessert and order the Shirley Temple pudding. Fantastic!
Love Love Love this place! Every time I visit the Pasty, I fall in love with the place all over again. I always get the cream of leek soup and I am never disappointed. I also recommend the chicken pot pie, the chicken Alfredo pasty and the portobella pasty!
This place was a wonderful surprise. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was quite comfortable. Our server, Ally, went out of her way to be sure our party of four was taken care of. In fact, the service was world class, yet the prices were neighborhood eatery. We will go back again and again!  Now I know what a pasty is!
I have to say I'm impressed.  I had never tried "British" food and when it was explained to me that the Pasties are like gourmet hot pockets I was not looking forward to trying it. I was actually very scared but since everyone else was onboard I thought I would try them out. I tried out the Portable Chicken pasties and was very happy with my selection.   It turns out they are somewhat like a gourmet hot pocket or calzone. The listed ingredients are baked inside and the outside is a bread crust. All the pasties come with a dipping sauce that just adds to the yumminess. I have eaten at the restaurant (Tempe location) and also placed a large order for work and both were a great experience with excellent customer service.  This place is so good I will continue to order month end lunches from here.   Food- Excellent Service- Excellent, owner very nice and friendly Establishment- good parking but get's very busy. The only off thing is that it is very dark inside the restaurant for some reason they have dark curtains covering every window.
A favorite in Tempe, I have had almost every pasty on the menu and liked every one.  Glad they finally got the extra room as this placed is almost always packed for dinner.  The kitchen side is always open so you can see the staff preping and preparing your food.  I belive they pre-make the pasty's and then cook them upon order. 32 ounce beers, $3 car bombs and fancy hot pockets, whats NOT to like
This place is awesome. I love the shepherd or sheep herder's pie it was phenominal!
A Californian approved British pub dive with a decent array of beers on tap, a lot of which I actually wanted to try --  but, since I'm on a business trip, I figured I'd save that pairing for my next spring training visit to this cactus town.  Atmospherically speaking, it is dark.  The windows are blacked out with drapes, the ground is dark, the furnishing is dark, and with a tinge of yellow lighting throughout the place, you truly feel like you're in a medevil pub.   The menu is filled with a decent variety of classic, vegetarian, and modern/fusion pasties.  As a newcomer from out of town, it was quite hard for me to decide which pasty to get.  Although I really wanted to try one of the 2 portobello mushroom varieties, I ended up getting a classic, the cottage pie.  To fulfill my fungi craving, I paired it with a very garlicky, and very flavorful mushroom spinach soup.  The cottage pie was decent, but after the blast of flavor concentrated soup, my mouth was just not amazed by their spot on authentication, of the bland British classic.  If you want the classic, you'll probably love the nostalgia of the pie.  If you want flavor and the experience you get from lots of aromatic compounds, the Cajun chicken and Mexican pasty smelled wonderful.    I for one will be coming back for the balsamic portobello pasty next, which probably means tomorrow night since my trip here shall end the following day.  And I shall keep coming back with every subsequent Phx trip till I've satisfied my tastebud's curiosity.  I guess I'm a bit OCD when it comes to joints with a rainbow of the same type of dish.
I try to make a monthly visit to the pub and get my grub and drink on when I can.  I love the atmosphere but the seating situation can be bothersome at times.  The food is good ol'fashioned heart stopping goodness coupled with cold brews and service that's mindfully busy.  Bring talking and thristy company because it can be a wait sometimes but when you have patrons guzzling down mad amounts of brew I can totally understand.
Finally, after months of hearing people rave about this place and it constantly popping up on Yelp with fantastic reviews, I went to the Cornish Pasty for lunch with a coworker.   The whole time I felt so confused by the good reviews.  The service was terrible- they acted like we should have known to seat ourselves and weren't friendly or helpful, but doing the bare minimum assuming we'd been there before.  I'd never had a pasty before, and I was not impressed.  I got the philly cheesesteak which the waiter informed was nothing like an actual philly cheesesteak.  As far as my experience goes, they include steak, cheese, mushrooms, peppers- all of which were also in the pasty.  The difference was, this steak was chewy and flavorless, I didn't taste any cheese, and there were more green peppers than any other ingredient.  The pastry part was good,  but undercooked.    I was excited that they had specific sauces to pair with each pasty.  The server allowed me to try both- a mustard one and a red wine one.  I found both to be gross and a terrible combination with the pasty.   I just want to emphasize that I am not a picky eater and enjoy most food.  I was extremely disappointed that I spent money there.  Neither me nor my coworker finished our food and the waiter looked at us oddly when we didn't want to take the rest to go. No thanks. We were both totally confused by why people rave about this place.  Perhaps it is the good beer they serve...
I went there at night on a recommendation of a friend and didn't really know what to expect. The place is somewhat hidden and rather unpretentious compared to other restaurants. The place is lit by candles and soft lightings, with metal music playing in the background. Occasional rock and metal music plays in the back ground which goes well with the easy ambience. The place despite its unconventional getup offers intimacy for groups and also welcomes loners. They have a huge collection of beer, both domestic and imported, all reasonably priced. On to the main course - pasties. Comparing pasty with hot-pockets oversimplifies this delicacy. Alright, its roasted bread stuffed with cheese and your choice of meat, but there is so much more to it. Depending on what you get, you'll get to enjoy vibrant flavors that go well with your choice of alcohol (personal recommendation - get Buddingtons). Pasty recommendation: Peppered Lamb
Where have you been all my life?!  Will you please open a place in Phoenix metro area!?  Better yet, a Pasty stand outside in downtown Phoenix would be awesome!  Yelpers, this place is delicious, has A+ service, all in a wonderful, chilled atmosphere.   They have a pasty for any taste!  Dessert was off the charts!  Go try it.
We did the take-away at Cornish Pasty.  One time.  Given that one-time experience, I'd say it was just so-so.  I didn't really get jazzed about my meal like others have and the restaurant itself is kind divey, but overall, it was not bad.  It was a Sunday afternoon family get-together and we decided to pick up some pasties on the way for an early dinner.  We all had a pretty good spread off the menu, each of us had a different pasty, the Italian, Bangers and Mash, Carnitas, and a couple of the chicken and vegetarian options.  For me, with the Carnitas, I found it a bit dry, but it did have good flavor.  I expected a thicker pastry crust, but it was adequate and I can see where this kind of meal makes a great portable lunch.  It is large and filling, and mine came with a mild salsa and some sour cream that helped to moisten it up a bit.  The menu description had it with Hatch Green Chile in it, but I could not tell.  Chiles from Hatch tend to have a bit more heat coupled with a savory flavor, but that was not apparent to me.  Everybody else seemed to enjoy their pasties, although the portobello-mushroom one got a "meh" from the nosher.  The items were priced about right, giving you a decent value for you bucks.  The restaurant itself is kinda like that two-faced bit that actors seem so fond of - you know, happy face on one side, sad on the other.  One side was long and narrow and looked more like a downtown bar, with a narrow passage bordered by stools on one side and small tables pushed up against the wall on the other.  This is actually the side that does all the cooking.   As we got back to the rear of this area, a passageway opens into the other side, which is a bit more open, has another bar and bench seating at long tables.  Music was nice, there was an outdoor area, but on a day when it's 100+ outside, everybody was inside.  Nodor dart board adds an authentic charm and the bathrooms were large and fairly clean - at least the men's was :-)
Wonderful place to hangout with friends ...small and cozy. Hoegaarden white ale with chicken tikka masala pasty is my usual.
What a fantastic place! The shell to the pasty's is so flaky and yummy, reminiscent of quiche, and the plethora of choices is to die for!
This is my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area. It's a great place for me and my husband since I'm vegetarian and he's a meat eater. They have a wide variety for both sides and I believe they always offer a couple vegan options as well.   My favorite is the Veggie Mexican (Quorn brand "ground beef", egg, jalapeno, potato & cheese) and he loves the Royale with Cheese which is pretty much a cheeseburger and fries wrapped up in a delicious crust! We each usually have half a pasty leftover for lunch the next day if I can keep myself from overstuffing myself because it's so good. You also definitely have to try the Banoffee Pie(graham cracker crust with banana, homemade caramel & whipped cream). My mouth is watering just thinking about it! They also have a pretty big selection of beers I've never heard of if that's your thing!   The space is pretty small but I feel it kind of adds to the ambiance. My only complaint is that it's so far away. We need one in North Phoenix!  GO EAT AT CORNISH PASTY NOW!!!! (and bring me your leftovers!)
This place is OK.  More than anything, its a trendy place among hipsters who wear ski hats in the summer and come here to translate the meanings of their eastern-inspired tattoos with their hipster fiends.  Overcrowded and they sit you next to strangers.  Pass if you aren't in an identity chrisis.
The food is delicious. The downside is the small cramped and dingy atmosphere.  The one in Mesa is much better because of the seating and patio area that it has that the Tempe location is missing.  I would order the food ahead to go at Tempe.
I love Cornish Pasty, I really do. I eat here regularly. I recommend full-tilt the lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka, royale with cheese, bangers and mash, the salmon one I forget what it's called--literally everything here is delicious. I need to try everything on the menu, it's a plethora of flavor delights. The crust on each pasty is amazingly flaky and buttery and makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. The sauces are amazing. The food is last-meal-on-earth worthy.  I cannot, however, give Cornish Pasty Co. five stars, because the service is sooo hit or miss. I will deal with slow service for the food, but good gravy I wish they'd get a clue on this point. Sometimes I go there and it's wonderful--I get my booze, food and check in a time frame reasonable for human living. Other times, I convince people I know to try the place out and we're literally there for two and a half hours while the one server working at the time roams the entire place and spends half the time chatting.   I read a lot of yelp reviews of places I love and think people are being entitled jerks about the service and they should never leave corporate franchise places. I would never, never complain about service if it was even mediocre. Just, from time to time, the service here is so bad I do question whether I should ever go back.
The first time I ever had a pasty was in Michigan when I was 10 years old. My grandparents bought them at the grocery store premade - all we had to do was warm them up in the oven. When Cornish Pasty Co. announced they were going to open in Tempe back in 2005, I was ecstatic and for good reasons - it was love at first bite.   Since 2005, I've tried many different pasties and still can't decide which my favorite is. The Oggie is a good standard- it's what my memory from Michigan tastes like only better. The Pilgrim is amazing - but only when made with Turkey. Honestly, my favorite part is the crust that holds the goodies. I don't care what is inside, as long as that crust is flakey and warm. Mmm... One time I ordered a small Greek Salad and now I have to order it every time I'm there. The dressing they use is this lemony pesto and it is so, so good... the only down side is that I'm still tasting it hours later. It's that strong! To finish up, you have got to order the chocolate bread pudding with crme angelias AND ice cream. The bread is deliciously chocolately but it is also soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside, which I love. The husband isn't too crazy about it ("bread pudding shouldn't be crunchy!"), but that means more for me!  They have happy hour starting at 3pm, which includes drink specials. I've only ordered a Gin and Tonic here and as far as I'm concerned, it's pretty damn good. One time they were out of tonic and they made a special trip to go out and buy some, just so I could have my drink. I felt pretty special that night.  We have been to the location in Mesa and the patio is really nice, but the original restaurant has rustic charm. Whether you are sitting at the bar top or in a corner booth, you can feel the energy of the restaurant and be intimate with your dining partner. It's nice they expanded the restaurant and were still able to keep the same ambiance.   Anytime we are in Tempe, this is always one of our stops and a place we frequently take friends. If you are ever in the area, definitely stop in!!
A group of 5 of us just sat down on their patio after being told when we walked in to just "have a seat anywhere." After about 20 minutes of not being noticed one of us walked inside and kindly asked for some menus. We were assured there would be a server shortly. 15 minutes later a waitress came out but didn't have menus and said she would send out somebody else. 15 more minutes later still nobody had acknowledged us even though the person we first talked to had looked directly at us multiple times. We literally did nothing rude and feel like we were deliberately ignored or at best just forgotten about. I don't think this place will be receiving any business from us in the future.
I have never been as insulted as I was last  night when my party and I were refused service at Cornish Pasty Company. We sat outside without being approached for 20 minutes, after being told at the door that we could sit anywhere. I finally got up to ask someone for menus, and was told by a male server that he would bring them out. He then proceeded to move in and out, making eye contact with me numerous times, without greeting our table. After 10 more minutes of waiting, a female server asked if we had been helped. We said no, and she said that she would send someone out. 15 minutes later, and we still hadn't been approached. We ended up leaving and eating somewhere else. I can't believe that we were ignored for so long on a busy patio that had at least 3 different servers moving around. We have eaten here numerous times in the past, but will never go back again.
My party and I sat at a table for 45 minutes and never even got menus despite being approached by a server twice and told we would be helped shortly. It wasn't even a busy night, and when we finally decided to leave and go elsewhere, we saw the servers chatting casually with each other by the kitchen on our way out. I eat out at least once a week and I have NEVER encountered service this terrible.
THIS PLACE IS GREAT.  Not only is the vibe and atmosphere so much fun but the beer and food is one of a kind. Some friends and I wandered in this little hidden gem late on a Thursday night. The expanded back room is lined with old church pews and community style tables. Walls are decorated with large canvas photographs of old miners digging deep, naturally. I order a Strongbow and my brother ordered a fancy beer that came in a mug so big it had a lip to drink out of. Very cool. It feels very much like an Irish pub or a gastropub because it is so tucked away and no where close to a bar scene.  We order The Royal with Cheese pasty, the Rueben pasty, the Mint and Lamb pasty and an Asiago Chicken pasty. To say that everyone was 100% satisfied at the end of their meal would be an understatement. I would HIGHLY reccommend this place to anyone and I will be going back.
Great food. I'm not a huge fan of how dark and loud it is inside (Tempe location), but the food was great and our server was top notch. She even let the 5 of us have our own checks without a bat of the eye. Highly recommended.
love this place! Good food, great atmosphere, nice selection of beers, and a great staff who all seem to really enjoy working there and making customers comfortable.
SO YUMMY!!! An excellent laid back environment. All employees were nice. I think he was the manager/owner with the red beard was super friendly. Can't wait to try every pasty on the menu. We had the chicken Alfredo and lamb mint both excellent. Only weird thing was that we didn't know what door to enter from and didn't know that we just seat ourselves.
Apparently hailing from the British city of Cornwall and here in Arizona finding its foothold at the appropriately named Cornish Pasty Company I had originally heard of the pasty during a recent trip to Philadelphia where the baked crescent was a daily special on the menu at The Dandelion but featuring the least the combination of beef, rutabaga, onion, and potato I cannot really say my interest as high - a situation remedied by the extensive (if inauthentic selection at Cornish Pasty Company and thus leading me through their doors just after 2:30pm where I'd find the small bar area still full but the larger dining room only perhaps half so.  Largely unaware of the logistics of CPC - whether you seat yourself or wait to be seated and whether you order at the counter or at a table I stood and watched for a moment before deciding to seat myself and within moments a friendly young woman named Hannah greeted me, first offering a beverage - just water - and subsequently the restaurant's extensive menu which I browsed at length while listening to The Sex Pistols and then The Clash play overhead.  An eclectic list of Pasty's both 'traditional,' 'signature,' and 'premium' plus a collection of soups, salads, and sides I asked Hannah about portions on her return and told that each pasty clocked in at approximately a pound (and that two would be "way too much" food for a solo diner since she could only eat half of one) thus leading me to settle on a single option, a dish I was told would take "about fifteen minutes," leaving me more time to study and enjoy the tunes - the White Stripes perhaps the only thing 'un-British' in a string of songs ranging from Zeppelin to The Beatles to The Ramones.  Reading as I waited and enjoying the room as well as watching the team slice meat, shape dough, and chop vegetables it would be just under a quarter hour before my dish arrived and although smaller than I'd imagined (I definitely could have eaten two - probably three if I didn't have dessert and dinner plans) the Shepherd's Pie that was presented was far better than I'd have ever expected, a golden buttery shell wrapped around lightly mint tinged lamb and although fatty and intense nicely balanced by the vegetables.  Generally a fan of Shepherd's Pie, particularly when using a sharp cheddar, this handheld version would prove to be an exemplary take on the classic and the addition of a sidecar of onion and sage laden red wine gravy certainly did not hurt.  Debating a second pasty as Hannah returned to check in on me (The Pilgrim sounds quite good) but subsequently turning my attention to the sweeter half of the menu I decided to not make the same mistake twice and inquiring as to which dessert she recommended I went with my gut and ordered two to arrive with a delay between them, the first "Shirley Temple's Pudding," a $6 sticky toffee pudding served in a cast iron pot with a side of crme anglaise.  Rich and thick, a dark treacle just barely set at the center and almost a brownie consistency along the edges what really shined about this dish was the manner in which it worked with the crme, a thick but delicate sauce balancing out the intense sweetness of the pudding.  Moving next to my second dessert, and for my tastes the better of the two, a goodly delay of fifteen minutes brought to the table Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding with vanilla ice cream - a truly unique spin on bread pudding made with what almost seemed to be cracker-thin pieces of bread juxtaposing a brandy tinged chocolate sauce and baked much like the sticky toffee pudding to be set at the edges yet dense and moist at the center.  Truly a decadent dessert - the sort begging for a glass of milk or coffee - I will say that the ice cream was rather run-of-the-mill vanilla and although it served its purpose admirably I'd definitely go with more anglaise on subsequent visits - visits which I'm sure will happen the next time I find myself drawn back to Tempe, or to Mesa where there is apparently a second location whose Banoffee Pie and Apple Caramel Pasties seem to be calling.
Probably the best tasting food in Tempe. Its like mouth watering delicious. I haven't been there in a long time, and I forgot how damn good it is... Its like every bite you are in heaven.   I dont go here often because I tell myself $10 is too much for just one item, I wish it would come with a side. But thinking about it, its like $2 more than you would pay for something else at like say Chipotle. So its totally worth the extra $2 to get something you cant get anywhere else, that tastes 10 times better than anywhere else.  The beer menu is nice to, and with the expanded patio, I will go there again for happy hour, or a late night on the patio for a Lagunitas.
just had a great cottage pie pasty and brought home banoffee pie which I fear will have to wait until tomorrow. neat little spot unexpectedly tucked away in a pretty pedestrian shopping center. Definitely give it a try!
Think hot pocket but way better. I tried the cottage pie pasty. It had ground beef, onions, mashed potatoes l, and a few other goodies. The pastry shell was very flavorful. Very interesting atmosphere. Very poorly light, tatted cooks, and 80's metal music blaring. Wanted to try the dessert but the pasty was very filling.
Who knew this place even existed?   I was feeling quite sick and couldn't decide what would satisfy my soul when my roommate suggested we get some soup. Little did I know what a cool scene I was walking into or I would have probably changed out of my pajamas. In reality, NO ONE CARED about my attire, the lighting was dark and the seating was said to be from an old mine however it reminded me more of a church.  The people that work here are super chill, they were playing AC/DC's, "Let there be Rock" and the pasty's reminded me of an Australian pie.   The soup was fabulous and they give you tons of bread which is delicious to dip or butter! They've got pasties on pasties on pasties to pick from as well. I decided on the vegan eggplant parmesan and although I was under the impression I specifically asked for no cheese, vegan or not, I received it. Hey, mistakes happen it was what it was and I wouldn't order that again but even if I wasn't going to eat, its a low key hipster bar scene for sure, and i'm all about that.
New, bigger but Better?  Gone are the days of long waits to sit in a subway car's width to dine, the next two store fronts and patio are now part of the cornishpasty co.   As time goes on some this place move a bit more upscale, lighting so dim I was blind for the firs Prices have gone up about a dollar or two since the early days.   One thing that has not changed is the great pasties.
We saw this place on a local cable show called 'Check please' and it looked good well it was not good it was great! We sat at the bar in front of the kitchen and the guys doing the cooking were very cool as a matter of fact everybody working there was very cool and willing to go the extra step for example are waiter was telling us about the beer they had on tap and we were trying to decide so he brought us a couple of samples without us asking-nice. As I said the guys doing the cooking and prep were more than willing to talk to us telling us about the different dishes even though they were very busy.   I ordered the 'bangers and mash' while my wife had the salmon both were very very good and for dessert we had the chocolate baked bread {that might not be the exact name but its close} good god it was soo damn good! Next time I'm getting one to take home.  We're going back with our neighbours this week and I can't wait!  If I could give 6 stars I would! Really great food and excellent people!  PS we went to the one on Alma School in Mesa.
Cutest place by ASU! and the food is to die for! The pesto chicken, spicy chicken and chicken alfredo are my favorites! My friend and I tried this place during our freshman year at ASU and habe been going back ever since. It's the definitiom of a hole in the wall and a great little gem.
Absolutely fabulous! The food is incredible. The restaurant is a hole in the wall and the dining room and staff look a little dark and scary but have no fear. You've found a true hidden treasure. My favorite pasty is the pilgrim but I've tried almost all of them and you will love em. Prices are really good you will be so happy you found this place. Go now you'll love it!!!
This is a cool place. I would love it if I lived near by it would be my favorite place to belly up. Oh to dream as I live in suburbia, sigh. We walked in one of the many doors and find ourselves in a dark skinny bar with many open two tops and a full four top. Yes, we are with our boys so we need four top. The (I believe) manager said sit where ever you would like. I asked are there more tables? He motions around the bend of the bar. We walk around and into a restaurant with HUGE tables with church pews for seats. Obviously not from a Catholic church as they were comfortable.   We grabbed a table and spread out. The waiter was great, showed up right away with menus, made beer suggestions and brought them quickly. We perused to the menus, a lot to choose from! I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, husband ordered the vegan pasty selection, kid 1 ordered Chicken Alfredo (it had bacon) pasty and kid 2 ordered Potato Leek soup with fresh bread. My husband and kid 1 devoured every bit and loved it. I could only eat half and enjoyed it. Kid 2 loved the bread and ate some of the soup, it was delish but not for him (blue cheese).   I think I need to go back and get something different. It was good but I just think it had potential to be great. I might try something more traditional or go for the carne adovada pasty.  Overall it was a great experience. The decor and atmosphere was great (great hangover bar as very dark), service was perfect and food very, very good.
My girlfriend and I went in a couple weeks ago for something a little different for dinner - and we had a good time! We both had a beer and ordered a pasty. The food took a little longer than I typically care for, but when it came it was worth it, and the environment was cool to hang out in.
This should be a 2 1/2 stars. Wish I could give it more.The pasties are good but not traditional. I found them a little over-spiced but the pastry was rich and flaky. Wish they offered a plain meat, chicken and pork gravy as the reductions and sauces just aren't complimentary to all flavors of pasties and pies. Husband got a chix pot pie, gravy tasted like there was vinegar in it although it was supposed to be "thyme chix gravy". He has an ulcer and it made him feel ill. In all fairness, I would eat there again as I feel they deserve another try. Service is excellent. Friendly, helpful and fast. For this alone, give them a try.
i swear i wrote a review for this place before...anyways, here goes again.  Great beer, great food.  If you never had a cornish pasty before well you are missing out on a lot. The chefs here put a lot of thought into each pasty because the flavors really compliment each other and the crust is nice and flaky (how i prefer).   This place is a pure dive bar... if locals scare you...don't go around here because that is all you are going to get.   Thinking about cornish pasty co. is making me hungry. i am going to have to stop by sometime this upcoming week to meet this craving now...thanks yelp...
I love eating here! I love getting take out! They are very nice, the hipster thing is fine, you aren't made to feel unwelcome, but the cool people are just sooo cool! :) haha! The Cajun is yummy, bangers and mash, the burger one with thousand island is soooo yummy! Oh, but the tomato soup.... oh my heavenly goodness!!
I tried the southwest chicken pasty and it was very tasty. The crust was thin, crispy, and flavorful. The mixture of chicken, cheese, beans, corn, and salsa inside had a nice and slightly spicy Mexican flare. The pasty was something like $6 and plenty for one person. The food is definitely the high point for this place.  The place was very busy when we arrived with about 8 people and we had to wait a long time to snatch a table (we were on "the list" but they don't appear to actually honor any such arrangements versus a free-for-all). There was also only one server running around the whole place, so it was difficult to place orders, get refills, remove leftover encrusted plates, etc. The drinks are priced relatively low and there were many types of beers on tap, which probably makes it a popular place for the college crowd.   Overall, this might be a nice place to actually dine if it had better service and wasn't such a dive bar rather than an eatery. It would be nice if there were separate areas for a dinning room and bar. Right now, it seems like it really wants to be a bar, but it happens to randomly serve some good food.
I'm a Yooper-- I was raised in Michigan's Upper Peninsula and left for college.  Ever since (and that's a few years now!!), I have felt the absence of a good pasty nearby.    Totally by chance had this place recommended to me at a business meeting and was BLOWN away.   I'm used to the traditional "Oggie" and  it brought me right back to my childhood   but as I went with family, got to try a few bites of some of the others--all were amazing including the Royale.    Love the eclectic crowd too.  Definitely a place to go back to when we're in Phoenix again.
British food is normally bad, but I decided to give this a try. It was better than I expected! I had the lamb mint, and was quite surprised at the flavor! The pastry was ver light, and the goodies stuffed inside were very good. Not a bad price, and worth the trip.
Awesome! This was one of the first places I tried since moving to Tempe and it is so good. Don't be fooled by the strip mall appearance from the outside, what awaits you inside is the most glorified hot pockets you'll ever taste!
Don't be afraid when you walk into the dimly lit space that mimics the feel of being in a coal mine.  Cornish Pasty Co offers up a wide variety of pasties that are very good.  I think this my new spot for lunch on my way to the airport.    Good beer too.
CPC is a fantastic niche restaurant that will put your grandma's pot pies to shame.  I've ordered the majority of their pasty menu over the years and haven't gotten something I didn't like...  The only drawback is the time it takes to prepare the food.  Busy or not, if you didn't call your order in, you'll wait 20-30 minutes for your food.  This place is both meat-eater and vegetarian friendly, so it's a safe place to bring your group of hipster friends who disagree about diets.  Pricing is more than fair at about $10 per pasty.
Easily one of my favorite places to eat in the valley. We first stumbled into Cornish Pasty with the thanks of Yelp a lil over a year ago. Been coming here ever since. I love this original location and its gotten even better with the expansion. For the money you really can not go anywhere as good in Phx. My wife usually can share one pasty and be plenty full.   As for which ones to pick my favorite is the Cajun chicken and the Meat and Cheese. I've also tried the pilgrim, Italian and original all which are really good. I'm just a meat and potato type of guy so I like the more basic pasty.   Overall a great place to come. It's dark, walls painted black, and usually good music playing. I've only come here for lunch so I can't speak for the night time scene but I'm sure it's chill and fun.
The carne adovada pasty is delicious! Self seating, just go in and find your own seat. The atmosphere is very unique in a good way. I just wish it didn't take so long to prep the pasty!
It's been a long time since I last visited this location ( I have been going to the outstanding Mesa location ).  I was glad to see that they have expanded.  In addition to the previous area with the long narrow counter there is now a much larger dining room.  There is still a bit of construction going on and when driving by at night the blackout on the windows makes it appear closed which was a bit confusing.  The food takes a bit of time to get at both locations, but it's very much worth it.  They have a pretty expansive and varied menu ( all contained in pastry ) with lots of options for vegetarians.  Our waiter was very nice and checked on us to make sure our beers were full and we got everything we needed.  This is a very unique and awesome restaurant.  Try:  - Egg Plant Parm - Veggie Cottage Pie - Oggie
The food is divine. I wish I worked/lived closer. The are super friendly and fast. The place is a cave, but you don;t notce once you take a bite.
I did not like this location AT ALL.   I was overwhelmed on where to park... I couldn't figure out if you park in front or back.  Then I couldn't figure out where the front door was or where you get seated at.  I walked in a complete circle around the place 1 1/2 times.  Then it is dark and crowded.  The service was very hurried and it was not conducive to sitting and enjoying a meal together as there were people waiting for our table (if you are even lucky enough to get a private table).  I much much much prefer the Dobson/Guadalupe location and won't return to this one.  However, the food is delicious.  The potato leek soup.  Yummmmm... the bread it is served with is Yummmmm... the pasty was Yummmm (I had the vegetarian potato one with ketchup).  Wish I had saved room for the peanut butter and jelly dessert one as I like it so much.
The Tempe location got a nice bit of redoing and is now a lot bigger, but the southern half of the place is still hilariously and charmingly small. I love sitting so close to the cooks.  Tip: they half bake pasties for the next day late at night, so if you order one then it's noticeably different. The super fresh 11pm cajun pasty I got after (during?) my bachelor party may be the most delicious thing I've eaten. The bar's got wonderfully cheap car bombs, and they leave a nice note on the receipt when you get one.
OMG!!!! The food is great here.  Had the meat and cheese pasty and could not stop eating it.  That red wine gravy is to die for.
Picture this...3 $1 bills (which may or may not be from a bet I lost (or won) at the strip club)...an affinity...a propensity...nay, a proclivity! for Irish Car Bombs and a menu that says 'CAR BOMBS: ALWAYS $3'.  Those 3 words, squiggly symbol and numeral made me squeal and giggle with glee. The music they were playing was also very appeasing.  Monday night, Hubzilla and I were looking for ADVENTURE!, completely exhausted with the usual suspects that we pick up for take out, we headed down to the college town affectionately known as "Tempe" and whipped out the handy dandy Yelp App.  Up jumps "Cornish Pasty Company" at the top of the list.  Eventually we found it tucked into the back of a strip mall (weirdly unexpected location...but sooooo glad we didn't turn away).    Down to brass tacks:  The menu has a bunch of stuff on it, yummy-sounding stuff, inexpensive stuff...After a brief conference with our server (and a couple of car bombs to lubricate our speaking skills) we decided to split The Oggie and The Peppered Steak.    The Oggie was the favorite because once you added that red wine gravy to it, the flavors just kinda...pop.   The Peppered Steak, by default, was the 2nd favorite, but was also very yummy. I just wish that the peppercorn brandy cream sauce that came with it wasn't cold. Some people really like that, I guess, but I'm a warm-to-room-temperature-or-hotter saucy kinda chick.   Next time, I look forward to tackling their delicious sounding dessert menu (they have creme anglaise!!!). I REALLY look forward to going back (soon) to try more pasties!
I brought a group here for my birthday, the wait was worth it. I ordered the pilgrim and it was delicious. I love everything about this place.
Service was awesome had a waitress that was very attentive and gave great recommendations! Leak soup by far one of the best soups I have ever tried. Very unique food but good
Just thinking about Cornish Pasty makes my mouth water. I highly recommend the Royal with cheese. CP also has a great selection of local drafts. Good service, music and a kick-ass extension of the bar which overlooks the back of the kitchen. And the bread they make (from scratch) is a secret recipe (for good reason) so flaky and delicious!
flavor was good, but there was more bread than I expected. Price was a bit high for what I got
I do not even know where to start with Cornish Pasty they have mastered the English food restaurant in this area. The ambiance is out of this world the food is to die for and the beer list is as good as it is long!. I have taken multiple parties here and enjoyed it every time. The Staff is possibly some of the coolest and most respectful and fun people i have ever have serve me and the owner will take the time to walk around and talk to you and his patrons. 5 Stars and that is a rarity!
So amazing. Almost every Pasty i've ordered here was absolutely delicious.   I went with one I've never seen on the menu, as I was visiting since I've moved. I got the Royale With Cheese. I highly recommend this for anyone who wants a glutenous treat.  The only thing I would change is: Knowing your server knows about you, make it not as dark and if you should seat yourself.
Simply Fantastic!!
When we arrived it was a little confusing if the place was open or not.  The windows were covered with black shades so we couldn't see in but the sign was lit.  We ended up just picking what kind of appeared to be an entry.  We found out later that we went in through the side which used to be the main entrance, but was too small.  Within a few steps we noticed a very bad smell, but it went away after we kept walking.  We found out later that the smell is from a special kind of cave cheese they keep back there.  The smell was gross and made me think "turn around and leave," but just then we were greeted by a friendly waitress who told us to sit where ever we wanted.  I was surprised at how dark it was in there.  I started with the potato cheese soup.  It was wonderful, but the fresh baked bread really added a nice compliment to it.  I had the shepherd's pie pasty with red wine sauce.  It was super delicious!  The crust was perfectly flaky, the lamb was tender and tasty, and that sauce was so flavorful!    I almost didn't order a desert for two reasons: #1 my husband isn't much of a desert person (and by this time I was so full I didn't think I could finish one by myself.)  And # 2 I was slightly concerned about my waistline.  I went ahead and did it anyway because I wasn't sure when I would get to go back.  I AM SO GLAD I ORDERED the toffee pudding!  It comes fresh baked so it takes a little while...wait dang it, you will not regret it.    It was not the kind of pudding I expected at all.  It appeared to be a little chocolate cake in a cast iron mini cauldron and to its side was a nice pour of creme anglaise.  I first tried just the cake and it was yummy, but then I began to slowly drizzle the creme over the cake watching it soak into it like a sponge.  The next bite was unbelievable!  It was so warm and soft and moist and sweet I thought I'd explode!  Overall, the whole experience was an A.  The wait staff was casual, but nice, patient, and informative and the food was very good.  I look forward to my next venture at this place!
Had a British friend give us a couple of these to try a couple of months ago (via take out) and even heated up at home they had us with that delicious crust. The "Oggie" and the Italian were loaded with lots of meats and each had it's own sauce to go with. Decided to try the place for lunch on Friday and the wait was a bit long, especially considering we were the first ones in the door at 11am. It got crowded really fast and ended up waiting over 20 minutes for our Bannoffee Pie dessert (which was SO, SO sweet but very tasty, taken in small bitefuls). Either way, the Rueben Pasty was very good but I wouldn't order the chicken pesto one again. Too heavy on the mushrooms and artichokes, not enough meat. And something about these pasties beckons for MEAT! My husband and I are both Cornish Pasty Fans.
This place kinda has a hipster vibe.  They play folk music, which I like.  They serve very unique menu items.  I had never heard of a pasty prior to going there.  Its a baked pastry with some sort of combo of ingredients inside. The outer crust reminded me of a chicken pot pie.  The seating is different. The tables are so long and the benches are pew-like, you could potentially share a table with some strangers.  The only thing I wasn't a fan of at this place is that the pasties are pre-made and you cannot customize your order. For instance, I ordered the Vegetarian Greek and I HATE olives but I could not get mine without them.  So I ended up just picking them out as I ate.  I also got the potato-leek soup, which I love and many places don't serve.  It was pretty good.
Holy moly, why have I never heard of the pasty for the so many years I've been alive!?  Simply put, the pasty is the premium version of an empanada....and a super deluxe version of a hot pocket.    The boy and I drove here Saturday night around 8:30. The place was packed, and we waited about 15 minutes for a place to sit.  We were, as many others have mentioned, confused about where to go to get seated. A guy beyond the counter told us to just find an empty table to sit. I tried his technique and was stopped by another guy who told us to wait, and he'll get us a table.    I asked our server to see what's the most popular pasty, and he said there is one single pasty that sells more than the other.  So I would just suggest go with what you're feeling for the day.  I ended up with The Royales with Cheese, and my boy got the Bangers and Mash.  The Royales is basically a cheeseburger stuck inside the delicious, warm, buttery crust.  It had a weird garlic taste to it, which I didn't care for. The thousand island that came with on the side didn't go well with my pasty.  I still garbled that thing up regardless though.  I tried a piece of the Bangers and Mash, and I'm not a fan of it. I don't normally like eating pork, so I wouldn't have ordered this.  The boy really enjoyed it though.    Now, unto the BEST part of the meal...this is none other than their Banoffe Pie.  I HAD to get this even though I was already stuffed.  I have never had anything like this. Thick, crispy graham with creamy, homemade caramel, topped with whipped cream and slices of banana.  I've got a sweet tooth, and that banoffe was definitely one of the best desserts I have ever had!  I would definitely come back to this place again and again the next time I'm back in Arizona.
Really cool place, great food, beer selection, cool friendly staff and eclectic ambiance.
This place is everything that all the other reviews have said before me.  The food here is quite simply - awesome.  I've been a few times.  I've ordered the Cajun Pasty and the Pesto Pasty.  Both are very good options if you like chicken.  I usually eat half and save the other half for the next day.  It's still good heated up the next day.  What I like the most about this place is the food comes out remarkably quick.  I've gone for lunch on various occasions, arriving around 11:45 each time.  I've gone with one person or with 4 or 5 other people and the food always came out in a reasonable amount of time - even with the restaurant packed to the hilt with hungry folks.  I give them an A+ for their speed given their popularity.  This establishment is fairly odd in a quirky way that makes you want to return.  The decor has "character".  I suppose the intention is to replicate a English Pub.  I'm not sure.  They expanded the dinging room in recent years and the new dining room is full of these very long tables where the seating looks like what used to be a church bench.  A little awkward whilst you try to chump down on your pasty.  Nonetheless and church bench aside, however you have to sit, its definitely worth your time to visit this establishment.
I've only had their carry out but their pasty's are incredible.
One of the most fun places with really amazing food. Always love the veggie chicken tikka masala pasty. The tomato soup and banoffee pie are excellent too. Big fan!
This place is great in many ways. The food is tasty, I don't feel its overpriced and all the bearded people working there is nice enough. With that last statement I don't mean that the service is bad, it is enough i.e. not circling you, but checks in with you now and then. I like that. I also like their laid back style, and they're attitude that goes along with a unconformative beard. I like this brand service.  Since I barely knew what a pasty was, I ordered the Oggie, the most basic of pasties. It was good, but I can now see how more elaborate filling is better. Next time I will throw some more spice in there, and yes there will be another time. I really enjoyed it, the whole experience. I liked the atmosphere, and the food... and the fact that they have some cool English beers is also a crowd pleaser, if you are my kind of crowd. So food and drinks goes without complaint.  After a pasty and a couple of beers I was full. Completely full. Sense dictates that I shouldn't have been this full, but I was. Totally worth the visit, and as well as I might not become a regular - I sure will become the occasional returning visitor. I guess I'll end with - come here, support this establishment, not that they need your business - but you need to try a pasty and a beer experience.
This place has expanded and that is great news because it is a must go.  I have tried many of the pasties and everyone is delicious.  The beer is great along with the irish car bomb special.  The atmosphere is great but the food and the beer is the reason why I continue to come back.    Another suggestion would be to try to soup.  It is a secret bonus.
Big fan of this place! The food it so good and the people who work there are super nice. The Tempe location can get pretty crowded and there aren't that many tables but  still highly recommend it.
While in Tempe on business I found this place on Yelp and the reviews sent me right over for lunch. Once I finally decided that the front door was, in fact, the front door (it's a bit dark and seems like you're entering the back of the kitchen or something) I had a seat at a small table along the wall. Once my eyes adjusted, I fell in love with the place. The atmosphere is great. The menu is amazing. The beer list is generous. I had the bangers and mash and my husband had the pesto chicken pastry. We shared a coleslaw. First off, the coleslaw was the best we have ever eaten. Secondly, I wish I lives in Tempe because I want to go back and try everything else on the menu. It was killer! Totally delicious. Soft flaky crusts, amazing dipping sauces, ice-cold beer and great service. They really have a good thing going here. I want to open one in Austin.
I've been going here for 3 years now and it is one of my favorite places to eat in the Phoenix Metro. Now that they have expanded the restaurant I don't really have anything negative to say about the place at all. Their food is fantastic, the atmosphere is laid back and the prices are very reasonable. I've tried several of the Pasties and while they are all fantastic my favorite is the Lamb vindaloo. If you haven't been here yet it is a must try!
Whenever I am craving a Runza (a favorite food from my hometown of  Lincoln NE), this place takes care of it. They have a wide variety of fillings anywhere from lamb to a wonderful vegetarian selection.  I've been to both locations and they have always been very consistent. FYI, Runzas are also known as Bierocks of German origin  (savory filling of meat, onion, and cabbage).
Who knew what a pasty was, or that they are amazing! They are like large hand pies filled with complete meals. This is such a wonderful place. They have a wide variety and even many vegetarian options. You can't help but feel good when you are there. As good as the food is, the experience is equal. It is a very relaxed environment, and by the way, a great list of beers.
I don't have anything unique to add to the long list of positive reviews.  The service was great.  The beer was cold.  The bangers and mash pasty was amazing, particularly the homemade sage sausage.  My friend had a mushroom garlic soup that was fantastic.  This is definitely on the short list of places I will revisit when I'm in Phoenix.
I broke the first rule of restauranting. I went somewhere named after their specialty item, and ordered something else. That's right... no pasties for me.  But, I have an excuse. Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding - homemade bread, baked in chocolate brandy sauce until crispy on the outside, served warm with vanilla ice cream. Who looks and that and doesn't think, "I want that inside of me" immediately? Nobody.  When I ordered it, the waiter replied with, "You know what makes this even better? If you ordered a shot of Rumple Minze (peppermint liqueur) and dipped your spoon in it before every bite." As if it needed to be better.  Now I might never get a pasty from Cornish Pasty Co., but gaddamnit, rules were made to be broken. And warm chocolate bread and butter pudding, alongside melting vanilla ice cream soaked in booze, was meant to be inside me.
sorry to sort of buck the trend, but  I wasn't overly impressed. the service was friendly, but a little shaky. they got my order wrong, and I ended up eating part of a chicken sandwich, when I had ordered a vegetarian pasty (and yes, I am a vegetarian). they also served me tepid coffee, and I did overhear some slight staff bickering. the overall atmosphere is very hipster, dark, with fairly loud music playing (good tunes, but a little too loud). the booth was so flimsy, that every time I leaned forward to take a bite of food, the seat tipped with me completely. now the pasty...good flavor (if too many at once), but far too rich and unnaturally dense for me. and way too SALTY. after eating half of the sandwich, I felt like I was overloaded with salt (and full). how do you place items like cheese, olives, dressing, and meats in a pasty without there naturally being too much sodium content? you don't. not without things like lettuce, tomato, etc. (didn't have any). it desperately needed a salad to go along with it. it was nearly as salt-horrific as their neighbor, rosita's mexican food (not recommended). and anyone who thinks this is healthy food is mistaken. this place could make a vegan fat.  the only reason they get 3 stars is because of their unusual menu items, the fantastic side we ordered (broccoli and cauliflower cheese thing), the delicious desert (banana cream crusty thing),  and the potential for a better pasty experience next time (mental note: for god's sake, order a side salad!!).
I have been coming here for years and I love this place. Literally everything on the menu is delicious. Although to be honest, I have only tried their pasties and their deserts. I know that they serve salads, I just think that is a waste of a meal, and i can make a pretty excellent salad at home. I switch between the vegetarian and the meaty versions fo their pasties and they are both delicious. So vegetarians, have no fear.   The drink specials are very nice as well. I like to get the enormous mug/pitcher of hard cider with my meal. SO GOOD!  I was very happy when they expanded. Sometimes it could be hard to get a table. I'm looking forward to them opening up the patio. I am not sure if that is complete yet.
Being an English chap, I'd like to think I know what a good pasty is all about. I even make my own for our friends here. But this is the best I've ever had, I mean that and I've spent lots of time in Cornwall.  I had the traditional pasty as the benchmark and it was fantastic. The filling was spot on, as was the pastry. The menu was very diverse, with things that should never be in a bit of pastry - Hamburger & fries for example but other things that will be lovely to try the next time I'm there.  As for the atmosphere, I really liked it. There were four of us, with two little saucepan lids. Good music playing, skater feel, bench seats, all in all a good vibe. Please don't think of this is as an English themed place, if only we had things like this there. Just go and enjoy!
Good stuff.  Enjoyed everything this place had to offer.  A  rare find, considering it's location.
Love this place, glad to see them expand. Everything I have tasted has been delicious from the tomato soup to their desserts. They have something for everyone. Hope they open a location in phoenix.
Yum!  Beer and bread, what more could you ask for?
MUST TRY: Potato & Leek soup!!!!!!!!!!! Arguably the best soup I have EVER had, and it's served with warm bread. The Pasties are also so delicious, of course. The pasties' bread literally melts in your mouth. We also ordered the Chocolate Bread Pudding....wow! The liquor in the bread pudding also gives it a nice, warm kick.  Service was great, and the waitress took her time giving recommendations since it was my friend and I's first visit. The vibe is sort of hipster, but so relaxing.  Will definitely be back!
How come I've never heard of a Pasty before?!  I was going to be in the Tempe area so I typed in "dinner" in the search box and this place showed up first with its 600+ reviews! And I'm so glad we came! They were pretty busy at 8:30pm on a Saturday night. Walked in, sat ourselves, and a server showed up a couple minutes later to take our drink orders. I'd say they were a bit slow and not as attentive as I'd like but its more of a pub feel and they were pretty busy anyway. We ordered the Crispin hard ale to share and it was pretty tasty, not very sweet. I like how they have a large selection international beers (like King Fisher from India!) on their menu, its like you really are in an English pub!  Our group got the Porky, Rosemary chicken, Lamb vindaloo, and chicken tikka masala pasties. We also ordered the broccoli and cauliflower bake and banana dessert. They were all good but I loved my lamb vindaloo, it was like actual lamb vindaloo that you would get at an Indian restaurant! Ironically the chicken tikka was my least favorite because it was too tomato-ey but it wasn't terrible. The yogurt sauce that came with complemented the pasty perfectly.   The broccoli cauliflower bake was delicious and cheesy, totally hit the spot on a cold night! The banoffe banana dessert was ok but I was disappointed that it was mostly whipped cream (unsweetened). The caramel, graham cracker crust and sliced bananas were still enough to carry on the dish.   Overall great food, fun casual atmosphere ( saw LOTS of people on dates here) and totally worth checking out if you're in Tempe!
The Cornish Pasty Company has great food.  The only thing is to get there early because when the place gets busy the service becomes slow.  The decor is nice and dark which is nice to get out of the sun now and then.  I had the Lamb with mint pasty and also the salmon pasty, both tasted awesome!
Such yummy food but I definitely did not enjoy the interior dining experience. I will happily get my future food to go. Their british pub concept could be so cool, but instead it was really dark (blackout curtains on every window), way too loud (blaring music), and just overall way too hipster grunge for me (hello, Seattle). Dining experience aside, the menu is giant and the food is really good. I had: -  Greek Pasty: Vegetarian and I absolutely loved all the flavors in it. It was full of cheese, artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatoes, and olives all wrapped up in a warm buttery crust.  - House Salad: Really fresh (amazing tomatoes) and good-sized.  - Sticky Toffee Pudding: Having read about the dessert in English books, I've always wanted to try it. It was pretty good but probably not something I'd order again. After this dish and watching enough Downtown Abbey, I finally get that the English call their cakes "pudding". So it's not pudding at all, but a cake. There really wasn't enough of a toffee flavor, and instead most of the cake had a mild molasses flavor. Parts of the cake were really dry, so the vanilla ice cream its served with made it a lot better. This is certainly a fun dessert to try, but not totally my favorite.  I only ate half of my pasty at dinner, then ate the other half a few hours later in the comfort of my own home, and definitely enjoyed the leftover half in my home a whole lot more. So overall, I really recommend the food, just in a to-go form :)
I had never heard of the Cornish Pasty Co until I came across the hundreds of awesome reviews on yelp..... thank you yelp!!! This has become one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. Since discovering the Pasty Co, I have been twice in less than a week with no notion of slowing down!   This spot is tucked away in the back of a shopping center with a small sign letting you know it actually exists.  Although it can be hard to find, this is one of the things I feel leads to the overall experience of the restaurant.  Inside the restaurant its dark and cozy - total pub feel!! Also, the staff is extremely friendly.    Pasties I've tried: ALL AMAZING chicken pot pie bangers and mash reuben  chips (french fries) with garlic apple caramel dessert pasty
Why oh why have I waited so long to try this place? The soups are beautiful and my rueben pasty was only phenomenal. Note to self and others, go super bowl Sunday...it is empty and no TV 's!!!
Ahh, pasties. No, not the nipple coverings, although those can be nice too (have you seen these ones? amazing! http://www.incrediblethings.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Grumpy-Cat-Pasties.jpg).  Anyway, this meal was a delightful taste and cultural experience, in the otherwise megacorporate sprawl wasteland of Arizona (what I saw of it anyway, I'm a Seattleite). Although I entered very reluctantly (it was phenomenally gorgeous out and this place is basically a cave), I was quickly pacified by the familiar surroundings... booze and dingy booths, my native habitat.   I'm a true pasty fancier, and the ones here are top-notch. If I ever mistakenly return to your city, I will gladly hide out at the CPC.
Had lunch here on Sunday - tried several different pasties in order of preference  -  Asiago Chicken, Lamb Vindaloo, Pesto chicken, rosemary steak.  The french fries (chips) were great too.
Decent enough. Definitely filling. I'd come back.
Super yummy!
I did like it better when it was just a little strip with just a few seats with a line out the door most nights, but the wait was definitely worth it. However, the new remodel and expansion looks very classy. The food is still totally worth it of course. Definitely one of my favorite places to go that is unique but very simple. You can't find a Cornish Pasty just anywhere!
I still have not been to the actual location. So this review is for the Catering service they provide.  I went to a Beautiful Outdoor Wedding this weekend. Cornish Pasty was the caterer. My girlfriend being an Ish is well familiar with this type of food, for me it was a first.  I have to say I really liked it. They did a great job serving it up. It was hot and very filling for sure. They had several choices for the Pasties. I chose the Steak and the Shepard Pie, both were very tasty. Teresa got the curry one which is was over the moon with. They also served a really good Salad ,the dressing was just right on it. As well and a Broc,cheese type vegtable side. Not bad at all. We will check out the shop soon, but for Catering they did a great job.
When passing through Phoenix last week, we had dinner here on the recommendation of Yelp. Who knew you could get good British pasties in Tempe?  The pasties themselves were incredible. I had the bangers and mash, the wife had the chicken tikka masala. We loved each of them, and believe me that one pasty is enough to satisfy a big appetite.  We were not as huge fans of the fries/chips. Also, the waitress really had no idea about any of the beers on the menu. Since I am not knowledgable about British beer, this led me to order something I didn't really care for. Next time (oh yes, there will be a next time) I'll stick with the Lagunitas IPA.
My boyfriend and I stopped by for a nice little unique dinner and we got just that! The pasties are simple but full of great flavor. He had the carne adobada while I tried the greek (veggie-friendly option). We were both pretty impressed. Beer selection was pretty solid. Overall, we had a great time and would come back again.  Entrance is kind of odd, just a heads up.
Really dig the food here.  Everything tastes great.  My wife was a big Cornish Pasty food fan prior to us finding this place, and I have to say that she made me a believer when she brought me here.  The food is tasty and bona-fide as far as I can tell.  Did not know that they made the Tempe location dark on purpose to mimic a mine--thought it was to go along with the emo/Goth/lots of tattoos and face piercings crowd that appears to be in attendance--which is great if you're into that sort of thing (we're not).  The Mesa/Chandler location is a bit more open, lighted, and civilized (in terms of face piercings).  Very pleasant and helpful service coupled with tasty victuals, minus the face piercings = 4 stars.  Hate to have my personal bias short them a star, but it is just a bit off-putting if you're not expecting it (and if you show up wearing your Sunday best).
Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite places for lunch when I have the extra time and even better when we are able to spring for a beer. There is something for everyone on the menu here. I have tried a variety of their pasty's, but lately I've been stuck on the chicken portobello pasty. So good and the pasty crust is delectable. At some point I'd like to try a dessert pasty, but that might have to be a special trip.   The only small negative to this place is that the service can sometimes be slow. Also, note that it's pretty dark inside, so if you're with people who like a lot of light to read the menu this is not the place. They've increased the seating a lot, so it usually isn't hard to find a table, but it's usually pretty busy.
The Pasties are fantastic. Deserts are great big enough to share. Definitely a college hangout, but I remembered the louder 70's 80's 90's rock music.
Now, we might have gotten some strange looks from other patrons cause we brought Baby C here cause well...this place IS a pub after all.  But they do serve food and we weren't ordering Baby C car bombs or anything and he was behaved - so those people can go "Sit On It"!  J ordered a cup of Cream of Leek, Potato and Stilton soup and an order oven chips with garlic.   My Pasty - The Mexican J's Pasty - Bangers and Mash  The soup was awesome - he shared a few spoonfuls with me and Baby C.  Baby C went crazy for it!    My Pasty - Very tasty.  The right amount of spice.  Not oily.  Very filling!  I could only eat 1/2 of my pasty.    J didn't like his pasty all that much.  He said it was extremely salty and heavy.  Wished he would have ordered something else instead of trying to go somewhat authentic.    The oven chips were kind of a disappointment.  I wouldn't order them again due to a good portion of them being still on the raw side.      So it was kind of a hit or miss depending on what you ordered.  Might be able to talk J into going back again and have him try a different pasty.
These weren't the "pasties" I was thinking of...  Joking, obviously.   I was here to celebrate a friend's birthday. They told us 20 people would fit at one of the long tables. Uh, no. Not unless we all sat shoulder-to-shoulder with our arms squeezed under the table. Oh well, all 20 people weren't there at the same time, and a few people stood, so the 14ish people that were sitting, were comfortable. But, being a looooooong bench at a table, it was kind of a pain when the person in the middle wanted to get out of their seat.  The pasty I had (some southwesternish thing, I think) was okay. I've never had a pasty before and if I ever return (which I have no objection to), I will order something different. The drink menu listed cider on tap. They didn't have any. I don't know if it was just that night, or permanently, but I was sad. Our server was great, though. For a busy night, he was pretty attentive.
This is a must stop for us when we're in AZ. The newly expanded area is a plus, but we usually try to go right before lunch to avoid a rush. And helps w/ food time - but trust me the wait is worth it! I've tried several pasties - shepherds pie is one of my favs! Sit at the bar and watch them work - so neat!
Got addicted to these while in England, this place is the real deal. One of the few places I have found that can make a proper shepherds pie. My GF had the Guinness stew, also excellent. I am going back to try the mint lamb. All the crusts have been flaky and cooked to perfection. Warning, we almost drove by thinking the place was closed, when you step inside its like a pocket dimension. Looks tiny on the outside but is really a large place with a nice patio. They have a large tap selection for those like me who like trying draft from all over.
I don't like fat people, but a pure drop of empathy landed on my brain the first time I ate Cornish Pasty's Banoffee Pie.  Now I understand what unlimited desire to eat is like.  Fucking delicious.  Thirst-buster sized beers.  Hail Satan.
Maybe it was an off night, but this just didn't do it for me. Dropped in, no one to seat me, figured I'd seat myself. Waited 5 minutes for a server to say hi and offer me a drink, another 15 to get some water and get my order taken. The server didn't know which Vegan Pasties were available that night so she checked, it was only the Vegan Greek Pasty (the menu stated at least two available on any given night). As a vegan, that was my option, so that I got (with a side of chips).   A good twenty minutes later everything comes out. The pasty was ok at first, full of sun-dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts. About halfway through I bite into a huge chunk of Mozarella (not vegan) and put the rest down. The only vegan option available that night was in fact not vegan. Really guys? At least the chips were ok.  Waited a good twenty minutes after I was clearly done eating before my server offered a check and to-go box. Overall the service was extremely slow and inconsiderate (I didn't really feel welcome), the vegan food wasn't vegan, and I still paid $15.00 for what amounted to a sandwich and fries. Maybe it was an off night, and I know a lone customer isn't a top priority, but I wouldn't come back again.
Seriously everything is delicious! Irish Car Bombs are kind of part of the experience, so get used to it.
I ordered the Vindaloo pasty for lunch and was not impressed. It was a stronger, spicier, and sweeter sauce then I was used to from Vinaloo at most Indian restaurants and didn't go that well with the pasty. I might give the place a second chance though because everyone else I went with seemed happy with what they got.
I liked this location so much better than the Dobson one! Maybe it is the atmosphere, but to me the pasty even tasted better. I wish I lived closer to this location. Had the Greek pasty, and it was wonderful.
love cornish!
An awesome place to dine. Been there so many times & never dissatisfied with the quality of the food. At times service is slow. But the wait is worth it.
All my life I thought the Irish were responsible for rainbows. Fantasies of red-bearded drunks with pots of gold dancing in shamrock fields had always accompanied the notorious rainbow in my childlike imagination, but I was wrong. The Cornish own the rainbow. Let me explain:  I became stranded in the Arizona desert one day when my Pinto got not one, but four flat tires. (Hit a hot speed bump and the tires melted right off.) I realized that I didn't have any food or water. At that moment, I knew I'd be fighting for my life.  My heart began to race. I was on the verge of having a panic attack. I had to settle myself down. I took a few deep breaths and knew what I needed--smooth jazz. I turned the radio to 95.5 KYOT. But I couldn't believe my ears. Coolio's "Gangsta's Paradise" was blaring through my speakers. Projectile vomit shot out my mouth. Had my entire childhood been sold down the dry riverbed? I thought God was playing a sick trick on me. I shuffled through radio stations faster than old people shuffle board. But it was true. Thee "Coyote" sold out.  All hope had been lost. My spirit was shattered, and the little moisture I had left was now a soggy puddle in the passenger's seat. I was in a dire situation. In desperation, I checked between the seat cushions hoping to find some crumbs to eat but instead found a few petrified McDonald french fries. I looked at them and thought to myself: "I'd rather eat pigeon crap." I flicked the measly fries out of my Pinto then used my finger to write a goodbye message on the dirty windshield and began my trek amid the arid desert.   As far as I could see, nothing but cacti and cheap Mexican food restaurants. The little vegetation was riddled with thorns and bore no fruit. The thought of a carne asada burrito tempted me like a mirage, but I knew the explosive diarrhea I'd get would dry me out quicker than a sponge in the sun. I had to stay strong and keep going.   After four long minutes of walking, I gave up. The sun leached my energy and exhausted all remaining calories. The horizon held no signs of hope. Just signs for Filiberto's, Amado's, Los Favorito's, Armando's, Pedrito's, and Taco Bell. My pasty skin was turning pink and my balls looked like raisins, so I sat in the shade of a palo verde tree and prayed. I begged God not to let me die. I repented my sins. I promised that if he let me live I'd never do anything bad ever again.  Then, out of the blue, I felt drops of wetness on my bald scalp. I turned my head up to the sky and saw that a pigeon was dropping deuces from the branch above. I knew Jesus turned water into wine, but I had no idea He could read minds. (I guess He wasn't too fond of me flicking french fries onto the desert ground.) God trickled the sign I was begging for right on my forehead, and now He was now putting me to the test. If I wanted to be saved, I'd have to eat this pigeon poo. So, I bowed my head, placed my palms together, and said grace.   There was a trembling rumble that echoed across the desert and it wasn't the sound of me regurgitating. As I stood up from the gravel to peer into abyss of newly formed clouds, a surge of water swept my legs out from under me. Before I knew it, I was being carried away in a flash flood.   My next memory was waking to the sound of chirping birds. I flinched and covered my face fearing that I may be lying under another pigeon-riddled palo verde. I opened my eyes and was blinded by colors. I didn't know what was going on. Vibrant reds, blues, yellows, and greens! I had no idea where I was. I suddenly got scared and pooped a Skittle. Then it hit me. You know when people say that it's impossible to reach the end of the rainbow? It's a lie. I was there. It's at the entrance of a mystical place called Cornish Pasty.   I entered the land of the Cornish and it was like no place I'd ever been. I anticipated for there to be leprechauns. I encountered a species far more enchanting, with skins of the finest tapestries and earlobes so large and peculiar that they could double as tire swings. Apparently, I wasn't the first person to reach the End of the Rainbow, because this Cornish Pasty place was rather busy. I tracked down one of these Cornish creatures and told her my story, explaining how famished I was. She was unusually polite and let me sit in her earlobe until a seat opened up at a table. I swung around the restaurant as she went from table to table, filling mugs up with magically frothy beer. Then, I whispered in her ear: "Are there pots of gold here?" A spot at a table had opened up and she sat me down. She told me that she'd be right back.   I sketched pictures of these Cornish creatures as I waited. The girl returned and placed a dish in front of me. She gave me a wink, then walked away. I grabbed the warm pocket of food that rested on the metal plate before me, stuffed it in my mouth, and died.  It was gold, my friends.
Sometimes getting a table takes a while but it is worth the wait. My favorite is the carne adobada pasty and their apple dessert pasty (YUM!). The people that work here are always super friendly and prompt.  My favorite place to sit is the bar by the entrance because my friends I enjoy watching them make the food and striking up conversations with the people working there... sometimes weird convos but always entertaining. :)
I think I just found a new favorite hang. The food is exellent and the ambiance is incredible. The music is classic (like Dylan or Neil Young) so you won't find any rap gang bangers here. Inside is very dark which I like, but if it is a nice day, they have a nice roomy patio on the North side where you can relax. Very casual yet classy. It is difficult to describe. If this is what English pubs are like then Americans could learn a thing or 2 from them.
The Pasty is in the corner of a pretty nondescript strip mall, and was tricky to locate the first time, but I am so glad that the Cornish Pasty and I found each other. I love coming here with friends for a great beer and a pasty! The decor is a mix of traditional pub fittings and industrial touches, and there's a pretty hip soundtrack on to match. The atmosphere and the servers are casual, but I can't say that I've had bad service here before. The pasties are fresh and flaky (note: they can take time to bake up!); the bread pudding took me to heaven: warm, chocolatey and oh so rich! I also recommend the broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake.
On the recommendation of a co-worker, my husband and I decided to try this out.  We had checked out the website and menu, so knew what we wanted to try.   First thing, in a lot of pictures, the place looks really cramped and small...wrong!   When you first walk in, there's a narrow hallway with a bar on one side and small 2-seat tables on the other.  But, if you walk around the corner, it opens up into a pretty large dining room (there's also a bar in here), as well as a nice sized patio. We seated ourselves, and were immediately met by Hannah, our server.  She was friendly and made us feel welcome.  We perused the menu, but we both pretty much knew what we wanted.   I ordered "The Pilgrim" and my hubby ordered "The Reuben".  While we waited for our pasty's, we were able to enjoy the music playing.  Lots of our favorites, so the wait didn't seem like too long.   "The Reuben" is basically exactly what it sounds like...a reuben sandwich in a flaky wrap.  It was served with a side of 1000 island dressing.  My husband loved it, before I had a chance to ask for a bite...it was gone!! "The Pilgrim" is like a Thanksgiving dinner in a pasty.  It had roast chicken (during the holidays they serve it with roast turkey, but honestly, I couldn't tell the difference), sweet potatoes, stuffing and grilled onions.  It was served with a side of cranberry sauce.  OMG!!!  It was delicious and moist.  The chicken was so juicy.   Each bite reminded me of the day after Thanksgiving sandwiches...only this wasn't leftovers.  I devoured it!  My husband, who doesn't like stuffing, kept saying that when we go back, he's gonna order it.  Delicious!!! The flakiness and flavor of the dough is wonderful.  Honestly, it's so moist and flavorful, you don't even need a sauce or condiment.  Most of the meals come with a red wine gravy on the side (and so did mine), but it definitely wasn't needed.  If I had ordered something with beef, it might have been a nice sauce to dunk a bite into, but like I said, it may not even be needed. We're definitely going to make our way back to Tempe for another taste of a pasty, and there are a lot of very interesting ones on the menu.  We can't wait to try more!
I love this place, food is great and beer selection in awesome.  My favorite pasty is the vegetarian greek, so good!
Cornish Pasty Company is the best! If your looking for amazing comfort food all wrapped in a flaky crust this is the place! I haven't had one that I didn't like. My all time favorite is the Bangers & Mash! Its like your moms home cooking of meatloaf and mashed potatoes with extra gravy. The service at this location is great, they are very friendly and outgoing. I've even eaten here alone and felt totally comfortable eating at the bar. They also have a great selection of beer. If you haven't tried this place out you need to go . . . like right now!
Loved that place (great pastys) until I found a hair - hopefully not of pubic origin - on my last visit (in February 2013)....
Such a cool spot in Tempe. The food is awesome and the atmosphere is laid-back and fun. Definitely want to go back for happy hour!
Amazing place. Every pasty is the bomb you can't go wrong. The desert is a must as well.
AMAZING!!! The food here is great!  I really enjoyed the Beer as well as the great ambiance.
Not a local and decided to try it out due to the reviews here and on Trip Advisor.  The place is dark and feels cramped, for all that it is not at all a small place.  It is also very, very difficult to find.  The entrance is actually on the opposite part of the building from the street it is "on."  The place is more college bar than British pub as far as atmosphere.  The staff are indistinguishable from the customers but once discovered, generally helpful.  I had the Royale with Cheese and it was very good.  The pastry was crispy and tasty, the filling was well balanced and seasoned.  I'm not sure I would recommend it as a place for dinner or just to grab a meal, but it is absolutely a place I would go to hang out with  friends over drinks and food.    I would definitely come back on another trip into town, but maybe call in and order take away.  I'm not sure I could deal with that atmosphere at the end of a long day of travel again when all I want is to relax and enjoy a little peace.
Delicious, hearty, cheap eats on the way to the airport or when you're in the Tempe area.  Pasties are a British calzone-type food. I had the Shepherd's Pie and it was delicious. The beers are very inexpensive and quite worldly for Tempe, AZ. Even though their outdoor area is in a parking lot, it was pleasant and quiet on a Sunday evening.
Amazing flavors and extremely unique the only down side was the 45 min I had to wait after I ordered my food at 4pm.
Never understood food fully until I ate at Cornish Pasty, Never know it from the outside. Mix that with chill employees and badass shop, this is could be the best dinner of all times
Second visit, just as good as the first:  Mushroom, Walnut, Spinach Soup with Homemade Bread and Butter  Cheese Steak - Onions, Green Pepper, Mushroom, Swiss, Red Wine Gravy  Chicken Pot Pie - Carrots, Red Potato, Green Beans, Celery, Thyme and Chicken Gravy  The Pilgrim - Turkey, Sweet Potatoes, Grilled Onion, Stuffing, Cranberry Sauce  Banoffee Pie - Graham Cracker Crust, Caramel, Whipped Cream, Bananas  Apple Caramel Pasty - Apples, Cinnamon, Caramel topped with Ice Cream and Whipped Cream  Moving from sweet to savory (and then back to sweet) our arrival at Cornish Pasty Company was met with a raucous crowd enjoying any number of craft brews but seated swiftly as Led Zeppelin, The Who, and The Ramones competed for air time overhead we were greeted equally quickly by an excellent (and funny without being fakey) young server who understood our time constraints in terms of making it to the game and took our whole order at once noting that she'd place the order in a staggered manner to make sure food wouldn't pile up while still leaving us time to make it to ASU by kickoff - a plan that worked flawlessly.  Knowing from my last visit that the pasties would all be excellent - and they were - what truly wowed during this visit to Cornish Pasty Co was actually the soup, a recommendation from our server as "her favorite thing on the menu" - a dense, creamless potage with a hefty mushroom nose and a subtle vegetal note on the tongue while the walnut base added a lingering smoothness that went well with the hearty housemade soda bread and cultured butter.  Obviously not leaving without dessert and having already enjoyed the sticky toffee pudding and bread pudding on my prior visit this time we opted for the house-special Banoffee Pie and Caramel Apple Pasty, neither as good as the pair off puddings but both better than the vast majority of in-house pastries at restaurants in Phoenix and Scottsdale (where even top tier restaurants choose to outsource their desserts to Ms. Dempsey.)
What can I say about one of my new favorite hangout spot? I'll try to make it short and sweet.   -The pasties are tasty, unique filling and reasonably priced (Love the chipotle sauce on the cajun chicken pasty).  - They have an awesome selection of spirits.  - The atmosphere is great (outdoor patio for when its nice outside and a dark cozy inside when you are out in a date).  - The desserts I've had so far have been very good (You have to have the Banoffee pie its legendary).  Overall, a great spot to go hidden in a small shopping center on University and Hardy. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
Ambiance, service, food and drinks were all good. I tried the cheese steak pasty which was very good. Will definitely go back.
This is one place that totally lived up to the hype. The roasted garlic rosemary potatoes as a side dish were outstanding - very crunchy and well seasoned with of course Rosemary. Our pasties were equally impressive. The greek was my choice with big chunks of chicken, two kinds of cheese and veggies that included kalamata olives and artichokes. Every bite you got something new and it didn't even need both sauces, but the Tzitiki was excellent for dipping. dad had the Pilgrim (no turkey anymore), but had some nice roasted chicken and sweet poatoes and onions also. Thev wait staff was friendly as hell, great service and this place is bigger than it looks also on the inside. Good times.
I have been going to here since the day that it opened and even had them cater my graduation party when I got my degree from ASU. If you cannot appreciate Cornish Pasty Co you have some sort of problem dealing with restaurants.   They will not molly coddle and treat you like you are some sort of special patron. They are just too busy providing some of the best pasties ever created. Service is not what you come here for, pasties are!  Be sure to ask them what the Vegan selections are, they are usually pretty amazing. Especially if you put gravy on them! (The gravy is totally not vegan, neither am I...having evolved as an omnivore).   Now they have a patio, as well as more seating and a nice bike rack! Classing it up CP! Just kidding, this place is not classy, which is why it is so beautiful and amazing.
Amazing! The pricing ain't too bad but its usually very busy!
I was a little skeptical because English food isn't exactly considered a fine culinary experience. (For some reason I think of bleating sheep and porridge whenever i think of English food?) But I had the Oggie's (traditional) pasty and it was one of the best meals I've had in a long time. The crust is flaky, but not like a croissant. It's tougher than that. The pasty came with a very nice gravy that tasted a bit like a mild A-1 sauce. The selection of European beers is quite wide.  You will not be disappointed.
I have had several pasties and they were all good. They have a good beer list with huge mugs available. I like the classic rock that they play, and the dive-bar atmosphere.
Been here a number of time. Always a friendly staff and always a great place to enjoy catching up with a friend or group for dinner.  Smaller but diverse beer list. Food always tastes great and is vegetarian friendly. Never a bad choice.
Yes please!  Again, on business travel my boss and I went here right after landing at 10pm on a Monday night.  I was starving and tired and this place was awesome!  Total dive, great beers on tap, and the pasty are phenomenal.  Hot pockets on steroids!  Great variety; vegetarian, Indian masala, chicken pot pie, cheese steak.  Total guy place if you ask me - but plenty of ladies inside :)  You eat with your hands, the beers are enormous and it looks like it frat house inside.  I will be going back to the Cornish Pasty every time I come to Tempe.
Holy shit is this place awesome. Great unique foods, which are essentially hand held pot pies, wonderful beer selection, and desserts that will knock your socks off. This is truly a unique gem. One thing that shines brightest is the warm, friendly service. It'd be easy to look at the staff and assume you'll be getting shat upon by a hipster tattooed crew, but in reality- they really care about service, and have pride in what they do.  Pro Tip- have the banana dessert, it is insanely good.
Wow! I fell in love with this place as soon as I saw the beer menu. So many great beers on tap, poured in 32 ounce frosty steins.   The menu has so many choices that it is hard to decide what to get. I ordered The Pilgrim. My incorrect assumption was that the pasties would be heavy, doughy concoctions. In fact, the pastry itself is very light and flaky. The filling consisted of turkey, stuffing, and sweet potato. Imagine the best day-after-Thanksgiving sandwich you have ever tasted and you would have The Pilgrim. It came with a side of whole cranberry sauce and light gravy to smother all over the yumminess. Most importantly, it was obvious that the ingredients were fresh. No canned potatoes and gravy here.   The ONLY reason I do not rate this establishment with "5-stars" is because I want to try more items on the menu but if the rest of the food tastes like what I consumed today, I will raise it up.
I finally went here to eat after hearing a lot of hype. It's good, but not amazing. The food is tasty, but I was not blown away. However, for $9, you can't go wrong. I will be back.
Let me preface this review with a little history... I'm married to a chap from England.  I've been to England. And I eat. A lot. Not too memorable, if you get my drift.  Had I not seen a soon-to-be-opened Scottsdale location, I never would've tried this place. You know, British food and all (keep in mind my British husband who loves these things called mushy peas,  "Bubble and Squeak" and some sort of kidney pie). Ewwww...nuff said.  Well, out of curiosity, I looked up the menu, and off we were to the Tempe location.   It's VERY dark in here, and I imagine that on some cold, winter day, I'd like to spend a few hours in here drinking beer, listening to the awesome music they play and fiddling around with some of the menu items I haven't tried. And I know that when it's hot here, we all like to hide from the sun a little. But seriously, it's a little difficult to see the menu. And the food.   On my first visit, I had "The Porky" which has pork, potatoes, apples, onion and sage. It's served with this delicious red wine gravy. I should've stopped after I asked the waitress for a to-go box, but I couldn't stop eating. It was wonderful. As in AWESOME.  Today, I had the Lamb and Mint. It had lamb, rutabaga, onion and mint. Also, that wonderful red wine gravy. Killer good.   And by now, you're probably aware that all of these delights are contained in this "pocket" of dough, baked and neatly sliced in two when they serve it.  If you sit at the right-hand part of the bar, you can see the cooks prepare all of the food, and it's really quite an art.   The best thing is this: they have all different pasties for all different tastes...italian, mexican, vegetarian, greek and even an American Thanksgiving pasty with turkey, sweet potatoes, onions, stuffing and cranberry sauce.   Check out the menu and try this place. ! They have fabulous food, good music and lots of fun beers.   God save the Queen. And Cornish Pasties....
I went for lunch.  I arrived right when they opened.  I am so glad I was early.  The place fills up quickly.  The Pasty's are out of this world.  I went with a friend, we each ordered two each of different.  We had the best Pasty's I have had in the Valley.  They remind me of the Pasty's I had back home in Northern Michigan.  I had the Chocolate Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream.  My first time with Chocolate Bread Pudding and it was the most awesome desert!!!!  Excellent Service.  Great Music to enjoy.  Never ending Ice Tea.  I am definitely going back.  I ordered half baked Pasty's to bring home and bake for another time.    I will definitely go back and soon.
Amazing. I stop here any time I drive through Phoenix.
Probably the best restaurant in Tempe.  Cornish has been a favorite of mine for years now and I'm fortunate to live so close to the Tempe location. The beer and drink selection is great and a pasty is just near impossible to beat. The staff is always attentive and funky.  People of Tempe, we are fortunate to have such a place.
This place is awesome. Come hungry because the food portions are huge and the beer is awesome.
The best place for a late night snack or a mid day munch. All different Pastys for your all the different taste buds out there. Delicious unique desserts, great people and atmosphere. You can't go wrong with the great beer and drink selection either. Definitely a regular spot for me, my friends , and fam.
Awesome beer at low prices $1 off happy hour reg 32 oz beer 8 bucks no wonder everyone loves this place.  We tried the oggy and the cheese and onion.  I love the cheese and onion and would get it again.
This place really is doing it right.  The pastys are tasty and large.  Service is friendly, but can be a little slow when the place is packed (Mesa location).  They recently expanded so I'm hopeful that they can keep up witht he added capacity.
Just a quick update. I've been many times since and these pasties are incredible.
The Cornish Pasty has been a favorite of mine for several years now. The food is amazing. I'm working my way through the whole menu, and I haven't ever ordered something I didn't like. The desserts are fab, too. On top of the food being great, the ambiance of the bar is great. My friends and I love to go there just to grab a beer, even if we're not in the mood for food. Great service and selection. I recommend this place to everyone looking for something new.
Let me first start off by saying that I love Cornish Pasty. So why the three star review? Well, their food is great, but the service is lousy. But let me back up a bit.  The very first time someone told me about "The Pasty," as I refer to it, they described a pasty as "a gourmet hot pocket." Let me tell you, that did not sound appealing. Despite how great they tried to make it sound, I could not get over the idea of a gourmet hot pocket. So I never checked it out until maybe a year ago when I was recommended by another friend, and figured I'd just give it a shot. It was delightful!  I've since been to The Pasty multiple times. It's the food that keeps me coming back. "The Pilgrim" is like Thanksgiving! I get it almost every time. It's a combination of turkey, sweet potatoes, onions, mushrooms, and other wonderful flavors inside. Served with a side of cranberry sauce and a red wine gravy. I'm not too crazy about the gravy, but the cranberry sauce is awesome. I've also tried their Greek salad and black bean soup, which are just as wonderful. I love the bread that comes with the soup, and the dressing on the salad.  Although this location is closer to my house, I prefer going to the one on Guadalupe and Dobson because the service is slightly better (although both locations have poor service). And this location on University is way too dark and full of hipsters. But, I guess people dig that nowadays.  The main reason I'm writing this review is because of a trip I made to this location yesterday. I went with my boyfriend and we split all three items mentioned above. The Greek salad, black bean soup, and The Pilgrim. I was starving and was hoping our server would bring the soup and salad out first. I was thrilled when she came back after a couple minutes with the soup and was hoping the salad would come out shortly after. I love bread and when we ran out of bread (meaning after I scarfed all the bread down), I patiently waited for our server to come back around so I could ask for more bread, as well as the status on our salad. Remember when I said I was starving? Well, I start to get a little cranky when I'm hungry, and our server was not making any rounds to see how her tables were doing. After fifteen or so minutes, I decide to go over to where our server is talking with another server, and ask for more bread, nicely of course. Once she comes back with our bread, the soup is cold, but I don't really mind. I was just happy she put more bread in front of me. A few minutes later our pasty comes out. She had obviously forgotten about our salad (guess that's what happens when you don't write anything down) so I reminded her and she comes back shortly with it. Only after we had been sitting there for ten minutes after we had finished everything and the busser, who was much friendly than our server, had already cleared the table, did our server appear from the darkness and we were finally able to get our check, pay, and leave. I'm used to the service being not so great, but this was just awful.  I thought maybe if I wrote a review about my last experience, they'd change the service up or hire better servers. Serving itself isn't very hard, I know, I've done it. And it doesn't take much effort to check up on a table. But the people who work at The Pasty just don't seem to care about anything. I guess that's just a hipster thing. (I would love to see their interview process, if there even is one. "Do you know how to carry food?" "Yes." "Okay, you're hired.")  Anyway, I think I will be driving out of the way to go to the other Pasty instead. Since their servers are a little more attentive and I can actually see who I'm eating with, and what I'm eating for that matter. Hah, I can only imagine what that place looks like in the light. Maybe they keep it dark for a reason.  It's not like I'm expecting five star service or anything, I get that it's a bar too. But come on. If you're the type that doesn't like their server to stop by a lot, or you don't need any refills, then this place would be perfect for you.
We've been here a handful of times and LOVE it. My husband and I are beer snobs (err connoisseurs), and they always have a great selection of yummy brews. My favorite pasty is the Lovely Bit of Salmon, and it sure is ... well ... lovely. I don't know how they manage to get so much delicious into a little pastry pocket. I was afraid the whole thing would taste fishy, but it was perfectly balanced with seasonings, asparagus and a little bit of potatoes. My husband's tried four or five different pasties and loved them all.   We've even gotten them to go, and they're still great. We like bringing out-of-town friends here since it's a unique little place with great food and lots of character. I'd love to try one of the desserts, but I usually only finish half my dinner pasty and have no room!
Awesome location, both in Chandler/Mesa border and also the Tempe Location...   1st experience in about 2008 in tempe.. Lil crowded for lunch, but well worth it went a few times, then in 2010 experience Chandler/Mesa Newly opened, great look and roomy even though still packs the place, but what do you expect for the great food. Finally made it back out to the tempe location and WOW, they renovated and definitely more room, and guess what ? yes Crowded still..   I have tried almost every Non-Vegetarian Pasty, and loved them ALL.   Favorites are, Cheese Steak, Steak and cheese, Pepper Steak and the Adovada..   1 That i didn't like was a misplaced order on a very busy day and ended up somehow with shepherds pie pasty,, thinking that all the pasty's are great,, cant go wrong,, but should have known as i don't like any shepherds pie that it may be a bad call to keep it... lesson learned.   Working in area and hitting this place about once a week.  Keep up the great work !!!  OHHHH and the BEER..... great selection,, i suggest the RAJ IPA
We went for late dinner, near closing -- no problem, staff was excellent. Food was rich, outdoor ambiance in lovely neighborhood at night, all completely satisfying. Thank you :)
The service has actually been much better the past few times I've been here. I don't know if they hired more servers or what, but I appreciate it.
service was horrible - and the food was ok... maybe they where having an "off" day, but I was NOT impressed.
This place is amazing! First off, ambiance is dead on! It looks, feels, sounds and heck, smells like a proper pub. Yes they pour an awesome pint. Yes, they offer tastings of their beer so you pick the right one. Yes, service is excellent. Yes, the food is delicious.  Get the chips with garlic and jalapeo, and don't miss the peppered steak. Be warned these pasties are fri kin huge, filling, and you probably won't finish one on its own. The shepherds pie was also delicious, but really it all looks so good. The crust on these pies are flaky, tasty delicious. The fillings are delicious, and they definitely don't skimp on the filling. The sauces that come with the pasty are also delicious too.  Also, they have a royale with cheese. Pulp fiction anyone?
Right when I walked in the door I knew I would be coming back. Sat at the bar Cornish had great beers on draft it's like a pub setting. Sneaky spot to take a girl with a deemed lighting. I at the peppered steals and my friend at the Rueben both were housed in minutes. The bartender brought out some dipping sauces the mustard creme sauce took the cake and went really good with the peppered steak. Definitely will be back
Laid back deliciousness.  Comfort food for the soul.  Great beer selection.
I know they are known for their pasties, but the Chicken Tikka Salad is delish!   We've tried the Portabello, The Italian, The Bangers and Mash -- all are yummy.  The staff is always friendly.  We've had opportunity to sit at the bar, at the tables, and at the bar near the kitchen.   It's fun all the way around.
I CANNOT BELIEVE these EXIST!!!!!!!! Their pasties are out of this world!!  The dough they use is light, not crumbly, and perfect, just perfect.  The fillings - HA amazing!!  the flavors will blow your mind.  I could not finish mine (cause their HUGE) so I brought it home.  Had it two days later - e-v-e-n better!  The beer selection is phenomenal.  When we first arrived, my husband and I walked in and the waitress said "sit anywhere" and we sat behind another couple at a table.  The waitress never came to our table after 20 minutes passed - not even to take a drink order.  So two seats popped open at the bar & we bee lined for them.  Thats when all became good in the world of pasties and beer.  Do not pass this place up - stop in.
Came here for the first time to have a going away dinner with a bunch of coworkers because we work at a restaurant nearby. TERRIBLE service. Absolutely horrible. I have never felt so unwelcome before in a restaurant in my entire life. Every person I encountered was rude to me. I sat down and was never offered anything, never even got water! I tasted a friend's pasty and wasn't very good. A slightly better hotpocket really.  After telling a friend about how bad the service was, she told me she also got horrible service and got food poisoning after eating there a few weeks earlier.  Needless to say, I'll NEVER step foot in there again !
Yummy!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE "The Pasty", as my bff and I call it!  Met my boyfriend there at the bar!  love the leek and potato soup with the bread and butter!  LOVE! and the service is always excellent!
When you're in the mood for fresh homemade turnovers pasties head over to the Cornish Pasty Company in Tempe which is right next door to Rosita's Fine Mexican Food. Once you arrive you will notice two entrances the one to your right is the original restaurant with bar stools. And the entrance to your left is the new addition that has a bar and table seating.   Since all of the pasties are made from scratch be patient you will wait 30 minutes for your order but they are so worth it. All of the pasties come with a side sauce or dressing ranging from red wine gravy, mint yogurt, tzatziki, tahini, to peppercorn brandy cream sauce.  Since I love spicy food I normally get the Carne Adovada or the Cajun Chicken.   Carne Adovada $9.50 Simmered pork in New Mexican red chili stew, Mexican rice, hatch chilies and cheddar. With a side of sour cream and salsa.  Cajun Chicken $9.00 Spicy cajun chicken breast, bacon, ham and Swiss. With a side of chipotle sauce.
First time eating Pasties and I'm impressed! Quite the local favorite. :)   I had the pepper steak pasty and it did not disappoint. Pepper steak pasty was very filling but not large in terms of portion (it must have been all that starch from the baked bread). The various ingredients were fresh and right out of the oven hot. There were some nice mushrooms, peppers, and onions that complimented the pasties very well. The pasty may have been a little too salty for me but it was still delicious.   Another notable item was the oven chips. They were very delicious with its combination of flavor with the garlic and jalapenos. The ketchup that came along with the oven chips seems to be very fresh rather than using a bottle of Heinz.   Overall, a good impression from eating here after a long day on the road to Tempe.
As a vegetarian, I am usually wary of Western (as in American/English/etc.) cuisine. There aren't many choices available and the few that are, usually turn into disappointments.  Cornish has a separate menu for vegetarians. But make no mistake - this menu is not your usual disappointing veggie substitute stuff. It lists a variety of items that are delicious so I never feel like I have to settle. We've been to the Mesa location and love the ambience there. It has great service and is relatively easy on the pocket.   I highly recommend it.
This was not my first visit. I've enjoyed myself on previous visits but this time ... not so much. Pros: the waitress was good, kept my water filled repeatedly without being asked and checked on me regularly...reflected in her tip.   Cons: I really like curry so I ordered the "curried potato" side dish with my pasty. I wanted to like them, I really did but they were so salty as to make them inedible. The waitress apologized and took them off the bill.   The "bangers & mash" pasty was great but again the small cup of gravy was too salty to be edible..and I'm a guy who eats salty foods.OK, I didn't need the gravy.   My desert pasty arrived without the accompanying ice cream or cream sauce. The explanation was that the fridge unit with the ice cream apparently went down ....the ice cream was all melted....sorry here's your pasty without the rest of the desert.   Brandon (manager) stopped by my table;  he started out by saying he understood there was a problem with my ice cream...I had to explain that the ice cream wasn't served at all...he seemed surprised. He acknowledged that I clearly should be disappointed if the full desert described on the menu hadn't been served .... Got me my check...the full price of the desert was included on the bill.   I paid up and left. I know if I had asked him to reduce the price of the desert he would have done so...but frankly after visiting my table and learning that half of the desert dish hadn't been served, I shouldn't have had to ask.
I went here for lunch yesterday and didn't have any trouble parking or getting a table. Not sure if that is because it was the middle of the day... or if its because its summer and so no students were around. Anyway, they have the same awesome food as the other location so I was well satisfied! This time I ordered the bangers and mash and it was fantastic. I love the red wine gravy dipping sauce. Soooo good!
Delicious.  From the moment you get to parking lot the aroma is outstanding. Although I thought my Alfredo pasty was good, the pb and j pasty dessert was my highlight. It was a amazing. All the desserts sounded bomb. I can't wait to try them all. Will be back!!
This location has been recently remodeled, I think it could still use some more work as their Mesa location is so much nicer but the food makes up for it.  The only downside, is the pasty take a little while to bake, but just sit back, relax, and sip down on a beer or any other drink from their bar, a local gem.
Cornish Pasty never fails to disappoint. I love that they have lots of vegetarian options and even a couple vegan options! They have a great beer selection as well and super cheap Irish car-bombs (my favorite) during their happy hour. The staff is always super friendly and on top of things. I'm so happy a place like this exists!!
Amazing place.
The food is absolutely outstanding, service is bad. Worth it for that pasty though. My advice? Get it to go and have a picnic in the park just north of the place ;)  Also they're mixed drinks always seem a bit light too... stick with the drafts.
Yesterday I decided it was time to introduce another friend to one of my favorite restaurants in the East valley.  We went to the Tempe location which is a lot farther away from home than the Mesa location.   But that doesn't matter because the drive is always worth it.  I like this location because it is the original.   This time I decided to skip the appetizer to save room for dessert.  I still had the usual very large Hoegaarden to start and ordered the very new and not on the menu "Spicy BBQ Chicken Pasty". Anything with spicy and BBQ deserves a shot and it was delicious.   The chicken was tender and juicy, the BBQ sauce had some kick to it, the jalapeo and grilled onions were a great touch.  I am not sure yet if this may be a new favorite but if it weren't, it would be a close second.  Only one thing could make this night more perfect....well....maybe two things but I will settle for the Banoffee pie. It has been a while since I had the Banoffee pie and I don't know why.  Who doesn't love graham cracker crust, homemade caramel, bananas and fresh whipped cream?  With every spoon full you get everything, the crust is incredible, the caramel is sweet, the whipped cream is delicious and the bananas are perfect.  I was only able to eat half of it so I brought the other half home with me. Another perfect meal from a great place to eat, drink and be satisfied....anywho.  I know it's 7 am but I am heading to the refrigerator for the other half of my Banoffee pie.
Got the Lamb Vindaloo and a beer. I love lamb, but I don't love spicy. It was a little spicy for me, but still delicious.   GET THE LEEK SOUP. Amazingggg.
The "lil bit o salmon" is off the chain! Hearty and delicious! Service is always welcoming and the desserts are awesome! I hate that it gets so crowded at lunch - but thats what happens when you serve up solid food for decent prices!  You have to try this place, definitely a hidden gem in Tempe!
My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our one year anniversary of our first date (which was also at cornish pasty :)). A year ago when I came hear I loved the ambiance and three dollar car bombs! However, I ordered the pasty my boyfriend recommended that had mashed potatoes (i hate mashed potatoes) due to first date jitters, so I could not appreciate how amazing the food is here. This time around I ordered the Greek Chicken Pasty and was blown away!! The dough is amazing and I was extremely pleased with my pasty. I would recommend this place to anyone!
I wish there was a way to leave two different sets of stars. My 2/5 will hopefully get their attention. I was glad to see that the restaurant is doing well and remodeled their two locations with more locations coming soon.   The food at Cornish Pasty is impeccable. I always bring friends and family visiting here to try the unique cuisine. I like to explain it as 'gourmet hot pockets'. I haven't ordered a thing I didn't like. I know it can be hard for picky eaters since there are no substitutions but thankfully I don't have that problem. Their soups are amazing, all made in house. The peppered steak and chicken and rice soup are my two favorite dishes. The Mesa location recently added some new appetizers and I can't wait to try them all. Very disappointed to find that Tempe didn't add them to the menu yet.   The atmosphere, music, and excellent drink selection is another aspect I love about this place. It's good for dates as well. $5 mid shelf and always $3 Irish Car bombs with lots of microbrews on draft? YES PLEASE.   The one thing I hate about Cornish Pasty, and the reason why I give it 2/5 is the SERVICE SUCKS. It must be a requirement to be a hipster with 5+ visible tattoos/piercings with a poor work effort. You even get a raise for having poor personal hygiene! I've been eating at Cornish Pasty for 5 years and have never received good service. Last time I ate at the mesa location the service had improved a lot, unfortunately I went to Tempe a week later and had awful service. I could go into detail about the awful service, forgetting ordered items, being ignored and the general distasteful appearance of the staff. I don't mind tattoos and piercings, I have some! I was even a waitress for 7 years, but you should really brush your hair, shower, or wear socks to work.  If you like great food, drinks and atmosphere and can stand the idiots they hire to serve you. Then definitely eat here. I will continue to be a regular, I just wish their management would shape up those servers. I would recommend the Mesa location over the Tempe one. The Mesa one added new menu items, I ate there about 3 weeks ago and received great service. The Tempe one continues to disappoint. Although the food is always top notch.
I have been here twice for lunch, once on my own and once with a co-worker and I enjoyed the food experiences both times but the atmosphere...well...it could use some help.  Visit #1: I bellied up to the counter so I could eat while watching the kitchen staff put together some of the dessert pasties. I ended up also sitting next to the manager or owner who was cracking away on his laptop. I didn't mind though, the building was small and he might not have an office to work in. My main issue with the ambiance is just how dark it is in there, it is almost like a seedy bar with really low hanging lights over the tables that emit very little light.  On this run, I tried the Rosemary Chicken pasty and it was awesome. The chicken was perfectly seasoned, the peppers tasted great and the potatoes were spot on. It was like eating a handheld rosemary chicken pot pie, but better. i wasn't a big fan of the mustard sauce, but the pasty was perfectly good on its own.  Visit #2: My coworker and I sat at a table that eventually got half-occupied by another large work group. It was a little distracting and the table situation should really be worked on, but I didn't see it as a big problem nor did my coworker.  This time around I tried the Oggie, a traditional pasty with steak, potatoes, onions, and swede with the red wine gravy. I've had some pasties in my time, but this was spot on and very tasty.  I will definitely be visiting again, though I will probably stick to eating at the bar...
Anthony P couldn't have put it more succinctly....we never considered this place because i thought it was just British meat/pub food. i am ashamed of thinking this!  the decor/atmosphere is actually like a british pub...all the windows are blacked out, but it just adds to the warmth and ambiance of the place.  we went during the lunch hour but found 2 spots at the bar and were greeted immediately. for non-meat eaters, the menu has TONS to offer! everything from traditional vegetable only options, to full on "fake" meat options (chicken, beef, etc soy product). i ordered the "chicken" massala pasty, the wife ordered the eggplant parm.   i should have only eaten half because their dessert pasty's look amazing as well. alas, my lunch pasty was so tasty, i couldn't bear to not eat the whole thing. fair warning....they are huge! best to share or eat only half and maybe try a soup or a dessert selection. mine was so flavorful and rich and full of curry! the breaded part of the pasty was crispy, kind of thick...but not heavy....like, there was way more filling than crust so you feel like you're getting a great deal! all that for a meager 8-9 bucks!  i cannot wait to try the other options on their menu. no wonder it has such a high star rating. oh, and our sever was very cool....even giving us suggestions for our next outing here!
The name threw me off at first when my husband suggested it for lunch. I thought it was a chicken place or something with cornish in the name. Oh no my friends this place is fantastic for meat and veggie eaters alike.  A pasty is similar to a calzone, but with a flaky pie-type crust, not a dough crust, and filled with various meats or vegetables. Kind of like a pot pie to go. To our delight they have a whole menu page filled with vegetarian pastys. I got the eggplant parmesan and my husband got the tiki masala with "soy" chicken. It was just delicious!!! Flaky and warm with delicious filling for $9.  The inside is British pub decor with dark wood, church pews for seating, two bars where you can order drinks/food, and the staff was super friendly. We sat us at the bar and one of the employees enthusiastically pointed out the purse hooks for me to hang my purse! Every bar needs to have these!  I think this place is automatically a new favorite.
They make such good hot pocket. Freezer pocket is taste of dumpster when I eat Pasty as well get three sheets wind. Every time is EXCELLENT at The Cornish Pasty of Tempe! Yay the gourmet Potatoes :)
Great food! Great beers on tap! They own it with there vegetarian selection. Plus Dean, the owner is pretty much a bad ass. Thanks for the t shirt old neighbor!
Oggie is the best
Eek!  This was a second time in just a few weeks I've had a "Meh, I've had much better experience!"  What has happened to Cornish Pasty???  So I felt compelled to write a review about my experiences so that others would know this Cornish Pasty is in need of some management/owner love/help or something....   Service~ yikes! It was turrible, to quote Charles Barkley.  Both visits were the same experience but with different servers.  The servers here seem more interested in talking with each other rather than serving their customers.  On both visits we had to remind our server multiple times to refill our drinks and bring us condiments.  Probably the biggest disappointment is when we complained about our food.  They both were very disinterested in turning our poor dining experience into a positive one.  When we asked to speak to someone in charge in our 2nd turrible visit the waitress disappeared!  I kid you not!  She never came back and when we asked the bartender about her she stated that she went on a break....  Food~ prior visits we've had a pretty good experience trying the different pasty's however lately their food has not been up to par!  The pasty's are very dry lately for some reason and they lack flavor.  This last visit we had the bangers and mash, chicken and the traditional beef and potatoes.  We also had a couple of side of fries and some salads.  The salads and fries were the best parts of our dining experience again unfortunately.  The banger and mash was ok.  It had a good balance of bangers to mash but had too much onions.  Since when did onions become a major star in this pasty?  The chicken pasty was not filled completely and was very dry.  The waitress suggested the red wine sauce to help?? WTH?  NO THE RED WINE SAUCE DOES NOT GO WELL WITH ALL PASTY'S, ESPECIALLY THEIR CHICKEN PASTY! It was gross!  We asked for a different sauce.   The waitress stated that was their only sauce but she could bring us ketchup and that's what a lot of people use.  Yes she did say that! If a lot of people are requesting ketchup, the cook, heck the owner needs to know their customers are having to douse their pasty's in ketchup because they are too dry.  The beef and potato pasty was more potato than beef and yes it was arid dry as the desert....  So for both visits I give this Cornish Pasty 2 stars because of their salad and fries.  For had we not order those this would easily be a 1 star review. I hope they can turn this place around soon!
This place is awesome!! If you have never been here then you are missing out. We absolutely loved the food. Of course it is not a light meal, but hey what do you expect by the pictures you see. We also had their dessert and it was fabulous. The restaurant definitely has some interesting group style seating but it is definitely unique. I am sure we will be back here again before we leave the Phoenix area.
This place is pretty good! Yummy draft beers & delicious pastys. I like how many vegetarian options they have! I don't feel left out at all coming here with my meat eating friends. The Greek pasty is my favorite so far!
This is not the normal type of restaurant I would go to but I was dragged there by my wifey and I was pleasantly surprised. First off, they have real good selection of pasties... and for that I mean empanada type hot pockets w/ all kinds of different items.  The Good, I had the rosemary chicken pasty and potato wedges. The server was very friendly and on top of things for us. Parking was also a breeze.  The bad: The ambiance was absolutely horrible. It was pitch black and hard to maneuver. The layout was great but too dark to enjoy. The service was great for us but the table next to us was ignored for a long time. Lastly the potato chips were pretty bad. Not sure why the wedges were so good but these weren't edible.  Lastly the bill was not as painful as other places I have been dragged to so I will be back.
I'm sure I agree with just about everyone else's raves about this place, so here's my own spin on the place:  I love love love that I never knew puff pastry could be so versatile and delicious.  Lovely bit o salmon is just that! The veggies inside are perfect! And the sauce mmmm!  The Royale is named so appropriately!! If you like burgers, you will Love it!!   Service is good, always someone spunky and friendly.  But my main reason it's awesome??? I reheated my Lovely Bit o Salmon in the microwave 2 days later, and it was still astoundingly fresh tasting but perhaps even more flavorful?!  That might just be a culinary miracle.   I recommend this place to anyone, visiting, living here, young, old, meat lovers and not.
My wife was in Tempe yesterday and picked up two pasties for me, a traditional and a more fancy Chicken Tikka Masala. I ate the traditional last night and it was the best pasty I have ever eaten. I am an Englishman who has eaten a huge number of these delicious pastries, I think the key was the pastry, in England they tend to have too much and not enough filling, this was not the case at the Cornish Pasty Company. Can't wait to eat the second one tonight. I can only review the food, but I will be visiting this location very soon. We need a location in the West Valley!!
One word... Awesome! Any choice is a good one.
Always a good time. Excellent soup, especially the tomato basil. Comes with fresh homemade bread!   Great food, drinks, music. I'd recommend this little hole-in-the-wall to ANYONE :)
This place is awesome.  Had a giant beer and a pasty.  Pretty much a fancy hot pocket, but really good nonetheless.
Service is slow and has gotten worse since expanding. Food variety is great and the boutique Pastys are very filling.
The food here is so freaking good.  Totally a hipster place, but once you eat a Pasty, you will come back no matter what!  Just recently expanded too!
Good variety of pasties and drink. A bit small, so not much elbow room. One of my favorite places in Tempe for lunch. Pretty noisy and packed later in the evenings.  A good change of pace if you are looking for something out of the ordinary for lunch or dinner.
Amazing place. Great food. We sat at the bar and the bartender was awesome, very friendly and helpful.
Mmmmmm.  Is all I have to say.  Their pasty's are the best I have ever had.  I took my sister here when she came into town, and she loved it!  Can't get enough!
Cornish Pasty is delicious! They recently expanded the floorplan to accommodate  larger groups, and now have an outdoor patio for cooler nights. The food is simple but delicious, filing but not super greasy. I love the classic pasty just since the rutabega is prepared with just a tiny hint of crunch left,  just the way I like it. And the dipping sauce is awesome. I wish they would bottle that stuff and sell it. Only downsides are the really, squinty dark interior at night, and the wobbly recycled pew benches. Staple those shits down, guys! Otherwise, a super awesome place with kickass food.
You have a lot of choices when it comes to food in Tempe but Cornish Pasty has been a staple of the area for years. There's a reason why they're one of the best reviewed restaurants in Tempe.   You might also notice their success has them expanding to multiple locations. It takes awhile for these new locations to find their legs, but Tempe is the original Pasty that started it all. An excellent staff and unique atmosphere compliment some of the best food you're likely to find in the area.  Oh, and they have an extensive assortment of beers on tap, many imported. They treat the beer with respect here, ensuring every pint is served up fresh. It sounds gross, but many restaurants don't properly take care of the hoses that connect the beer to the tap -- you end up with half your beer sitting outside of the refrigeration and going stale. Pasty's staff make sure everything is fresh like any proper bar -- something unique for a restaurant to do.  My personal favorites include the Cajun Chicken, Tikka, Meat and Cheese and the Royale. Honestly, order anything off the menu and you really can't go wrong.  Make sure if you order chips to ask the server for the 'wild' style, which includes baked garlic and fresh jalapenos. Adds an amazing kick.
Chicken tikka was fantastic. Cool atmosphere. Hard to find and no clearly marked entrance.   Good beer selection and helpful wait staff. Would definitely go back again.
I have visited this place only once. From outside, I was not able to guess since the windows were blacked. This restaurant is long and narrow. Tables are cramped, but that does not dilute the experience.  Food is good, love it. Their food also contains Tikka Masala variants (this taste is still debated whether it originated in England or Indian subcontinent). My overall experience was great. Looking forward to visit it again.
Great location, food and staff. Cornish Pasty delivers the best quality food and service every visit. I love the Italian pasty! Everything from their pastys to dessert have been consistently amazing!
Great food! I always get the Greek Vegetarian pasty. I want to try something else but this ones just too delicious. For a special treat, go for the Banoffee pie! Fantastic!
OMG!!!!!!!!!  I just had dinner at Cornish pasty with my two buds and all I can say is A-W-E-S-O-M-E!  Had my all-time favorite, the Pilgrim. Can you say thanksgiving?? All my favorite ingredients wrapped up into one sweet tasty package. Turkey, sweet potatoes, etc.  I do not recommend the banoffee pie, but this is strictly for religious reasons.  Shirley temples pudding is to die for. I would probably not go anywhere else in town other than this place for the treacle.  Also, the waitress was pretty cute.  This place almost makes me wish I was a Cornish pasty.
this go-around, i ordered the cottage pasty, vegetarian. filled with quinoa meat and lots of potatoes and veggies. it was divine. the wife and i split the banana desert with graham cracker crust and caramel drizzle....caramel dollop that is.   super rich and sweet. it was delicious but i felt my teeth hurting afterwards. we'll go a little more savory next time!  still an awesome place with over excellent service.
This place was amazing! And the selection was fantastic :)
Really liked the Thanksgiving dinner one! Will come back
I have tried both the pesto chicken and the spicy asiago chicken. Neither were really that amazing, as I was expecting from the reviews. It was good, but not amazing. My friends that I've come here with agreed. The people who work here are so nice though, service was great. The pasties are very filling, you will leave stuffed (I couldn't finish a full pasty in one sitting).  I'll probably go back sometime to try one more pasty, maybe I was just expecting too much?
If you have never had a pasty before in your life, you need to ask yourself what your problem is, and get down the the Cornish Pasty Company, ASAP!!!!!  I'm not going to go further, just go, find the one that looks best to you, and get it, you will NOT be disappointed!  Not to mention they have Hoegaarden on draft!!!
Tried this place for the first time.. Yes I'm in love and I plan to try more items on the menu. I came later at night so it was a bit dark and loud from me. Hard to have a conversation with a soft voice, but eassssy to stuff your face with delicious pasties!
This place is really fun and eclectic.  The servers look like a mix between hipsters and homeless, but the food is amazing and the service is fantastic.  I felt right at home and will definitely be back.
I thought pasties were those patches that cover a woman's nipples, but in this case they refer to a raised semicircular comestible made in the tradition of Cornish miner's lunches. After seeing all the Yelp reviews, I had to make it to Cornish Pasty Company. Great options for vegetarian and carnivore alike. Great beer selection on tap. Service here was great, the staff seemed to genuinely want to make it great. They definitely have a system here to serve up all these pasties, from freezer to fridge to oven, but the end product was still fresh and served piping hot. A unique experience, and definitely worth a visit. Now where in Phoenix can I find the other type of pasties?
Oh man, how does one describe perfection.  I absolutely LOVE this place with a passion.  I literally cannot stop dreaming about the next time im gonna go in, The variety they have is awesome, i originally wanted to try all of them, and got a good start, then found a couple favorites, the Chicken Tiki Masala one is phenominal, and the potato soup is to die for.  But it comes out super hot, dont eat it immediately.  Its like lava, but delicious lava. ALSO the peanut butter and jelly pasty is SOOOO good.  haha.  And the potatotes.  Damn, pretty much everything is great.  Do yourself and your buddies a favor and GO!
One of my favorite places in all of the Valley! The good is wonderful. If you've never had a pasty think gourmet hot pockets. Any combo you can imagine and more on the menu. Are newly expanded location is great. more tables but no loss of the UK pub vibe.
This place is the spot. Amazing inside and out. Underground vibe, crusty snacks, sexy suds, tasty tracks, you're good for the night here. The salads are pretty good and they have a dedicated veggy section which always tickles my fancy.
Service was amazeballs. Food was bomb. Great for vegetarians. So incredibly good! Highly reccomend.
Couldn't be better. Beer, great music. Hard workers.  Had the bangers and mash with mushy peas... And the Royale with Cheese... AND the Reuben. All very, very tasty. A+ for ambience, too. Great music, and sitting in the kitchen bar adds to the experience.
Great rosemary steak pasty. The Banger and mash pasty was outstanding. Greek salad had a ton of feta cheese on it, which I liked. The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful. Great tunes, service was flawless. I'm going back.
By and large, I am a huge fan of the American revolution, "give me liberty or give me death," and all that jazz. However, the tainted, revisionist history textbooks that brainwash our youth these days cleverly gloss over the greatest void created when the british were expunged: exquisite hand-held edibles. Over the last 200 years, the sandwich has had its day, the hamburger did its best to satisfy, and fringe cultists have clung to the wrap, shawarma, burrito, or gyro for solace, but now you can have the real deal in all its glory! Soft, flaky, golden crust that makes every Marie Calendar's pie, Hotpocket, and Toaster Struedel hang it's head in shame! Variegated, creative, symphonious fillings that arch like piping hot rainbows over your fortunate tongue. I have to stop now, or else I won't be able to resist driving the 11 hours from salt lake to salvation. Ironically, given this verbacious soliloquy, my favorite pasty is probably the pilgrim.
This place is somewhere I will go weekly if not more than once a week. Seriously. This may sound bad but the pasty I had here was better than any my grandmother has ever made. It's authentically good and the place is really cool in general. I don't think you can go wrong whether you sit inside or out, and everyone who works there is pretty great.   Another plus.... they have a lot of really great beer. And the music they play made me want to stick around all night.
Very unique place to eat.  Has a little bit of everything.  Definitely try it!
This place is extremely different from the one on Guadalupe. It's not in the best area of town and when you go inside, it's kind of like a dungeon. All the windows are covered, it's super dark and almost creepy like. However, don't let that scare you away! Their food is still the best ever! You must try their cajun chicken pasty. Yumyumyum!
I love, love, love this place! I eat here any chance I get. I love everything about it. The location is convenient for me, the atmosphere is exactly what I like in a restaurant. It's laid back and not stuffy. Staff is attentive but not pushy. Music is eclectic like much of its staff and clientele. I feel at home here. The beer selection is fantastic! The food is out of this world. My usual is The Pilgrim but I have had many others and have never had a pasty I didn't like. This is a regular spot for me and I am SO glad it's in my life!
If you like Cornish Pasties, then you'll dig this place. Their traditional 'flavors' are spot on with what you'd get across the pond in the UK.  They also have a LOT of non-traditional versions - like a chicken tikka.  And if you have no clue what a pasty is, but you like things like pot pies or even hot pockets, then give this place a go.  Good selection of beers, too.  Only thing to be aware of is that the place sort of looks closed (or even out of business) from the side entrance. Don't let that fool or deter you.
Mmmm. Hipster Hot Pockets. Twice we've gone, and both times I've had the Peppercorn Steak, and the BF has had the Royale with Cheese. Both times, they were great.  Crispy on the outside, piping hot on the inside and they come with yummy dipping sauces. Great beer selection as well, too bad there isn't a location conveniently located near me! Locale is Ok-ish, typical college-area pub/eatery-like atmosphere. A bit dark, the only complaint is the church pews for seating of large groups. Not gonna lie, they straight up feel like they're about to collapse, and they make it damned near impossible to get out of if you're not sitting on the end. Hope you don't have to get up to pee! Eek. But hey, it's about the food, right?
Wonderful meat pies!  Reminded me of New Zealand!  Tasty and lots of food!  Will be a regular stop and I go through Phoenix!
Amazing!! I have been here many times over the years and I don't think I have ever had a pasty that wasn't delicious. I honestly believe that you could open the menu, blindly point to any one of their pasties, and you will have a delicious and satisfying meal.   Oh, and don't forget, both their bottle and draft beer selections are any craft beer fans dream.
Very hipster, but the pasties make it worth coming back. It's tough to stray from my go to: The Pilgrim (it's like thanksgiving in your mouth everyday of the year). They have over 20 different varieties to choose from though, so it's sure to please the entire group.  TIP: Wash it down with one (or two or more) 3 dollar Irish Car Bombs all day everyday
This is a funky little place with awesome comfort food and nice service.  If you're into light, this is not the place for you.  Think more underground cafe.  The food is homemade and delicious.  But seriously, dessert.  I had the banoffee.  There's not much better in the world than that.  I would have to say that this place might even be a good reason to live in Arizona.
Very nice place and awesome pastries. There haven't been a single instance when my pastry was not good, it has been always awesome. There are so many options for every kind of taste. Everyone I have taken there for lunch has liked whatever they have ordered. Decor and setup is very good and different than a regular lunch place. There was only one instance, when I felt bad because they asked us to free up the table when we were having a short after lunch talk, I can understand their constraint because it was raining outside and there were few people waiting for their table. Other than this instance, it has always been a nice place to have tasty lunch.
WOW! As an appetizer we started with the Chips and added the garlic. They were perfect amount of crisp and seasoning. Next, we ordered The Oggie and Chicken Pot Pie. They both had the red gravy that was the perfect touch. Both pasties were great!   The service was okay considering they were pretty busy. However, food came out very quickly.   Everything on the menu looks so delicious. I look forward to going back!
I love this place!  The food is fantastic and very reasonably priced, the staff is amazing with great customer service, and they have great beers on tap as well as a nice selection of wine.   The interior is comfortable with large farm style tables for groups.    I frequent this place at least once a week - it is that good!
Ok so let me start by saying this review is probably pointless, since I doubt any of you will read 780 reviews to make a decision. But this is my favorite meal in Tempe. The wait staff is great, and not the fake "hi welcome to blah blah blah I'm so happy you're dining with us can I take your order". This is truly a great part of Tempe culture. If you feel uncomfortable here because it's hipstery or whatever else, may I suggest any of the corporate food chains in Gilbert?  I have never had a bad meal here...EVER. With all that being said there is really only one Pasty worth ordering that is the Shepard's Pie. Look I get it there are like 50 other ones here to choose from but save your time and just order the Sheppard's pie.
Absolutely delicious and and good presentation. I had the chicken tikka masala which was perfectly made.  Inexpensive but amazing flavors that will burst in your mouth , make sure you eat here before you kick the bucket
I've had take out from Cornish Pasty a couple times the latest was the most incredible Pilgrim pasty stuffed with Turkey, sweet potatoes, onion, cranberry and complete with a wine sauce for dipping, made you feel like you had a warm Thanksgiving dinner, minus the pumpkin pie. Then after reading Preston's ROTD the fabulous Monica J sent me an invite for lunch to our closest location. The restaurant is a bit dark but inviting and our waitress Jenny got us served up in no time.(greatly appreciated on a worktime lunch hour) I ordered the Bangers and Mash Pasty, homemade pork with sage sausage, red wine gravy, grilled onions and potatoes and more wine gravy on the side, not enough to make you tipsy but it does leave you feeling warm and fuzzy like good comfort food should. If you're looking to satisfy your appetite with warm comfort food, this is the place! Top notch pasties everytime!
Pasties are awesome with a wide selection. Food takes a long time, even the appetizers.But with a large selection of draft beer, with a drink in hand, time is never a problem among friends.   I grew up in Michigan and was born in the UP of Michigan. I grew up eating Pasties. These are fricking good....
Stopped by for lunch on a Friday...decent crowd for a late lunch.  Had the Adovada Pasty and it was very good.  Could have been a little hotter, but the flavor was good.  Salsa is homemade and very good.  CJ, the bartender was very nice and helpful too.
Wow-this place is incredible and the best British food I've ever eaten. Keep up the great work
good
Finally had the chance to stop in here for lunch and was not disappointed. Arrived right when they opened and was the first one to get served. Sweet!  This location is definitely set up with the college kids in mind. Inside is very dark with black painted ceiling tiles and walls. Looks like the basement of a really old bar or maybe even a coal mine. Great place to gather up with the crew and down a few pints and then chow down on some tasty grub.  Their west side entrance has a long sit down bar with a few small tables and is rather cramped. The east side entrance has more of a full seating area with additional bar seating. Recommend using the east side one unless you are going undercover and need a quick escape.  Started with a cup of Cream of Leek, Potato & Stilton soup. It came with bread and butter and was very good. Ordered the Peppered Steak Pasty which is filled with Sirloin Steak, sauted Portobello Mushrooms, Leeks, roasted Zucchini, and Stilton Bleu Cheese. It also came with a side of yummy Peppercorn Brandy Cream sauce.  Everything was very satisfying. There are so many different versions of what they can make. Lamb, Chicken, Pork, Beef, and Veggie are just some of the fillings. I suppose you could make a check list and try them all. Hmmm?  Don't forget some Dessert if you still have room. Can't wait to explore more of their delicious menu. Would probably go to the new Scottsdale location or the Mesa one on my next visit. Same great food with more lighting and better suited for a blind old fogey like me. PARTY ON TEMPE!  3.75 STARS
I've heard a ton of buzz about this place around the main campus but never gave it a try until last weekend. The atmosphere in there is really interesting; walls and windows are painted black, good music with all different types playing.  The staff are very friendly, professional, and fun. I like that instead of wearing uniforms or name tags like most places, they are encouraged to wear normal street clothes which I think gives the place a moreto comfortable relaxed atmosphere.  Great selection of draft beers on hand behind the bar. I gave the meat and cheese a try, and was not disappointed! Really good combination of sausage and cheddar cheese inside a pastry. I will be visiting that place more often now for sure!
Oh man. So many choices, so little room in my stomach. I tried both the cottage pie pasty and the chicken pot pie pasty. Out of this world! The pastry shell is so delicate and tasty. I will be back!
Wow, I am a convert!  The pasties are amazing.  I highly recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty.  It was so tasty!  Their menu looks really good, and I look forward to coming back to try more.    Our server Stephanie was great!  Service was really fast.  This is a great place to grab a beer too.  Enjoy!
The food at Cornish Pasty is unique, freshly made, and delicious! For the vegetarians, I highly recommend The Greek ($8.50) and the Balsalmic Portobello ($9) - both are flaky, delicious and oh so flavorful! My mates enjoy the more traditional meat and gravy pasties and rave about The Oggie (steak + potatoes) and The Royale with Cheese so there's something for everyone and you really can't go wrong!  Service Very attentive and friendly. Relaxed yet polite servers. The waiter kept a close eye on our beverages and offered refills on our water. I'm always concerned going with a large group to dinner about the check because rarely do I carry extra cash and some restaurants make a fuss about splitting checks. Thankfully, splitting checks isn't an issue at Cornish Pasty. Our server happily complied with our request without batting an eye. The service was excellent so we were fine leaving a little extra gratuity since it made splitting the bill easier. Our waiter was jubilant over the slightly more than 20% gratuity, which just underscores that this is not one of those fancy, pretentious restaurants that expects a generous tip.   Physical space Beware: The restaurant is NOT visible from street when driving down University. When I finally found the restaurant around the corner and walked up, the windows were black and it appeared as if it was closed. Fret not - it IS in fact open! Apparently the restaurant also recently expanded and friends who had visited the restaurant previously were impressed with the remodel. The bathroom was the one place that suggested more of a pub and college feel. On the bathroom walls I found strange graffiti art. Some inscriptions may have been written by Lady Gaga during her carnivorous costume days or a confused co-ed (e.g., "I am meat"). In any event, once you find the hidden restaurant delicious pasties and friendly service are just a few steps away!
This is authentic Cornish Pasty.  We love having a little piece of England nearby.  English ales, English type soups, and the pasties.  Oh, and yes that sticky toffee pudding is a must order.  Go, you won't be disappointed.  And if it's your first time, sitting at the bar is a great idea so you can watch them create the pasties.  It's amazing.
The food here is to die for...  I'd highly recommend the pilgrim. It is a Thanksgiving party in your mouth... I love leftovers over the regular Thanksgiving meal and this pasty puts those leftovers to shame. The other meals we've had there have also been freaking amazing. Mix in some craft beer and it's a perfect night out.   The only negative thing I can say is that both times I've gone they've been rather busy... But busy is good so just make a reservation or go off of peak hours.
Where am I? Brooklyn? Portland? This place is hip! The staff must skateboard to work because several boards have been left leaning against the bar--one even with a flannel. Btw, the staff are awesome.   Food? Yum! So yummy. Pasties are a new culinary treat filled with deliciousness. I'm so full from eating one and sharing another with a friend.   Wine and beer? Great selection!   Decor? Love it! Great for a date or a group. The big tables manage to feel intimate due to the low lighting and large space of the restaurant.   I will be back!
HMOG!  I'm in love!  I had the bangers n mash pasty today - my first time to this establishment.  It brought me back to Sunday "dinners" when I was a kid in New England.  AMAZING flavor, and my grandmother would have been happy with the pastry.  For dessert, I tasted my friend's PB, banana & Raspberry J pasty.  REALLY?  hahahaha - my tongue is still laughing with delight!  RIDICULOUSLY tasty pasty! I WILL be back.  Please don't deny yourself!!!!   Oh...wait - atmosphere...not what I expected.  Dark, loud music, but my friend and I were very comfortable holding a conversation above the sounds.  My eyes adjusted to the light! (ha) Waiter was very personable, and the service was good.  If you're in a rush, get take out.  If you have some time to comfortably kill, eat in.  Whatever your time allotment to spend, don't forego this restaurant.  (sigh)
I was out in the East Valley for a meeting, so met a friend for lunch since we don't see each other often. She suggested Cornish Pasty and said it was one of her favorite spots.  This place is amazing! I had the pasty that has salmon, asparagus, potatoes (can't recall it's name), and it was delish. She had the Cajun Chicken and told me it was one of her two favorites. So many of the pasties sounded so good!!  I will be back... My husband will love this place.
The food is so so, I am not too impress with it, Howeve, the environment is good and the waitress is good too. I am not going to be back for the food.
A co-worker and myself decided to make this our last lunch before Christmas stop.  And while I have been here a couple of times before . . . I noticed that I had never written a review.  I had The Royale with Cheese a side of their British Style Baked Beans, and a Boddington . . . the pasty as always was out of this world, hot, juicy, cheesy, and full of flavor . . . the beans were a disappointment, dry, lacking in flavor, however, very spicy . . . the beer was a little on the warm side and had to let it rest before I would drink it.  Ultimately, you come for the pasties, and as always they were great . . . with a little work on the other two items . . . five stars is easily attainable . . . and yes . . . this place is as always is definitely on the I WILL BE BACK list.
This is poor people food. Like. Seriously. Poor people eat this food. And they charge you like $10 for it. Srsly?
Boooooo!  Walked in, sat at the kitchen back bar area for five minutes, we weren't even greeted.  We figured that we must have to sit around the other side so we got up, walked around and stood around looking lost for another five minutes.  There isn't a way to tell who works there and who doesn't in the sea of skinny jeans plaid shirts and black rimmed glasses so we finally left.    I've eaten here before, the food is pretty good but customer service is more important than food.  I'll take my dollar and properly fitting pants somewhere else.
This place is awesome, traditional English pasty is what you'll get. The service is so so , your typical hipster to cool for school vibe But all in all it is good, oh and I forgot to mention the beers amazing beer on tap, some of what I only thought they sold in bottles. Also a great place to take a date.
I love this place!  The Patsy's are delicious; the ingredients are always so fresh and I haven't had a pasty that I didn't like.  There's a relaxed and comfortable vibe wether you sit at the bar or one of the tables with the church benches; and this place also has the BEST dessert! The sticky toffee pudding and a pot of P.G. Tips is a perfect way to end your experience.
I live pretty close to this location and haven't done a new review in a couple of year so, to start the new year, let me just say that the Cornish Pasty Company is still a great place to go have a delicious pasty and some suds. They have a nice collection on tap and even more beers, I believe, in the bottle. I like that you can watch the food prep opera at the bar as they are continually putting together new pasties to keep up the supplies or, one of my new favorites, when the weather is nice, sit at the outside patio to enjoy the cool weather and the piped out music, which is audible but not overpowering.  My favorite pasties, which are a welsh savory pastry, are:  The Peppered Steak The Greek (vegetarian)  I'm also a big fan of their incredibly fresh house salads with pesto dressing - a regular is good enough for two people or half works for a single serving. I understand there are now locations in Mesa and Old Town Scottsdale but this was the original location and dare I say it, still my favorite. Worth checking out if you are looking for a place with good food and good beer, and people watching is always fun due to the location close to the University, it has a significant bohemian vibe and though I'm not a hipster (too old and too fat), it is fun to mingle with the more visible members of the creative class that Richard Florida writes about.
WOW, to find a pasty restaurant in this part of the country was amazing, as was the quality of the pasty my wife and I had. My wife is a pasty expert since her mother (who has made pasty's all her life) comes from Ontonagon, in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, which is knows as pasty country. We both tried the "original" pasty which we both agreed it was true to the original. It was hot, and full of the expected ingredients. In addition to the original the have many other types of pasty's, from Greek, to Mexican, vegetarian, chicken, salmon, to name a few. We would have liked to try some other styles of pasty, and will do so on our next visit to the Tempe area.  In addition to the pasty I did try a cup of one of the soups. The Cream of Leek, Potato and Stilton soup was to die for. A bowl of this soup could have been a meal in itself. Beer choices were very good, and they do have a happy hour 3-6 and all day Sunday with $1 off all beers.
Great food, mediocre service.  Not someplace to go with a big group or kids, but if you have a little time to wait - it's worth it!  If you like mushrooms, you must try the Mushroom, Walnut, & Spinach Soup, it's amazing!  I come from a long line of miners from Cornwall, and pasties were a staple growing up.  These are the closest to homemade you will find.  Although, they could use more rutabagas, in my opinion.
Quite frankly, my little sister doesn't understand why I write reviews on Yelp and it annoys her when I take pictures of food, but she has demanded that I give this place 5 stars and exclaimed, "Look at the craftsmanship (of the pastry)...this is actually worth a photo!" Sooo, yeah Cornish Pastry Co is a 4.5 in my book, easily rounded up to a 5.  While I would probably never find and/or try this restaurant on my own, I was highly intrigued by the excellent ratings and sheer number of reviews, so my sister and I dropped in just after 11:00 for lunch. I think we made the rookie mistake of entering through the dark, candle-lit kitchen side (with tables along the wall) rather than the far door with the actual dining room, but sitting on either is fine. They even have a patio!  The staff was great, answering any questions we had about the menu and service was well-paced. Now...the FOOD! As a (mostly) vegetarian, I was pretty blown away by the options - I have to eat a lot of veggie burgers elsewhere - but this place has a whole vegan/vegetarian page of items, some of which include veggie chicken and beef. Forget what anyone else has said...nothing could be better than the Eggplant Parmesan pastie! ;) My sister also loved her Lamb and Mint pastie, saying it was "effing delicious" and that the mint was not overpowering. The pastry is not doughy like pizza crust, but rather flaky and crispy like a biscuit. The vegetables were cooked perfectly, as they were fresh and still a little crunchy.   Literally my only complaint about this place is that my meal was so good I kept trying to bite into it while it was still hot, burning my mouth multiple times. I look forward to coming back the next time I'm visiting my sis in Tempe, as I know she's about to jump on the Cornish Pastry Co regular train! She already has the "Pilgrim" pastie picked out as her next one to try and at about $9/meal, I bet she'll have worked through most of the menu by the time I see her again.  Definitely put this on your "must see" list of places to eat (for lunch)!
Came here because this restaurant got the most reviews in Tempe.  The baked pastries were good.  The Cajun chicken and pasta salad were too salty.  The pilgrim baked pastry was better (basically baked turkey dinner). The mushroom and leek soup were tasty.  The atmosphere is loud and dark, and great for beer and a one pound pastry filler.
This was my second visit to CPC and it was a home run once again! The originality and character of the dishes, much like the staff, are whole heartedly commendable. I can't wait for the Phoenix location to set sail!
Loved this place. At first glance the bldg looks deserted but I gladly followed some people into a black sheet covered door into the land of Pasty.   They have so many Pasty's  to choose from people will find that the issue is never not finding anything they like but which one to try first.   I had the Chicken feta. Stuffed with chicken and perfectly crisp. Can't wait to go back and try another one.
Just got to Tempe and this was the spot I chose for dinner. I was tired so I called in for take-out. I ordered the lamb vindaloo pasty, a cup of leek and potato soup, and the Shirley Temple pudding. The person taking my order said the order would be ready in 20 minutes so 21 minutes later I was parking my car and heading in to pick up my food.   Getting into the restaurant was a little confusing. I chose the door that had the restaurant name on it, but once I entered, it appeared that I came through a back entrance behind the bar area. I made my way around to what I'd consider the front of the restaurant and was guided to the pick up area. The guys were friendly and my food was ready however they had my food on a plate and not prepared for take out. I had a seat while they got it together.  I'd say my pasty was very rich, spicy and flavorful.  I'm used to pepper so I'm guessing it may be too spicy for some. The pasty was full of meat and I didn't feel slighted in the least. The soup was great, would order it again, however, they put it in a styrofoam drinking cup covered with foil, not very travel friendly.
I love the food here.  have had cornish pasty in Bathe, England and fell in love with these little pockets of goodness.  I love that they have a great selection for veggies and meat-eaters alike.  I like that you have the option for communal seating, and love the BIG steins of beer!  The servers are always pleasant and I cannot wait until the one on Monroe street opens!
The Cornish Pasty Company is fantastic. I've had many, many of their numerous options and my particular favorites have been the Lamb and Mint, Shepherd's Pie, Chicken Tikka Masala (which was quite spicy!), the Lamb Vindaloo, and the Rosemary Chicken. The Peanut Butter and Jelly dessert pasty is pretty tasty, but it simply does not compare to the Sticky Toffee Pudding (best with the ice cream option). Sides are also really good - I really like the Oven Chips and the Broccoli and Cauliflower Bake.
Amazing Atmosphere, Music, Draft Beer, Chicken Tikka Masala Pasty, Church Pews(Feels Like I'm in Heaven), Banaffee Pie! And Customer Service was great!
So good! When I first heard of this place, I was skeptical. Maybe because of the name or how people would describe it to me as, "a really good hot pocket." So I finally went the other day, and it was delicious!! I got the Mexican, and I loved it!!!
Over rated! Doesn't compare to the pasties of the U.P. over priced for what you get too. I don't think I'll go back anytime soon.
Decent beer selection, ok wine selection, REALLY GOOD FOOD. The pasties are essentially gourmet hot pockets- a variety of different boiling hot meat/cheese/veg/sauce combinations presented to you in a warm flaky pastry. There are so many combinations that you will DEFINITELY find something you like, whether you're a meat-and-potatoes person, an anything-with-extra-cheese person, or a vegetarian.  The place itself is pretty small. It has a very unique character. It's pretty dark, and the staff is a friendly gang of textbook alternative, slightly goth hipsters. It's a great place to go early in the night or if you're looking for a more low-key place to drink and munch.
This location is very crowded, has decent parking and can be a bit on the dark side, but overall is nice. I think it is my least favorite of the three locations, but definitely worth checking out!
The food here is very good. I've loved nearly everything I've tried. I will say that I only ever get take out. The restaurant itself is really small and often packed. If you are in the mood for a pasty though this will hit the spot.
The service gets more and more dismissive every time I come here.  I wait longer and longer to be acknowledged and the waiting periods of being ignored after initial contact get bigger. At this point, I feel like coming back here knowing this is comparable to holding your breath under water...the longer you wait, the more it sucks; but for some inexplicable reason you keep trying to outdo yourself and beat the clock. But the beer is cold and the pasties are tasty...and one day I'll remember to wear my horn rimmed glasses and not cover up my sleeve tats, maybe that will help.
This small venue has more space than before, bring your friend's!  Really good food, beer selection is decent and the service was friendly, and efficient.  Great place to relax and enjoy a casual evening out, without having to venture to the pricey Mill Avenue area!
We have lived next door to this place for over 2 years before we ever ate here. WTF were we thinking, this place is AWESOME! Great Service! Great Food! Oggie is my favorite. Salmon is fantastic and the bread is delicious! We always have seen a lot of people over there and now we know why.
Went for great craft beer. Had a great pasty too. Decent service. Clearly popular with the ASU students. Worth stopping by if you are in the area.
Great atmosphere, staff and awesome food!
Great food! They have a lot of meat and vegetarian options, and provide a different food option than most places around here. Great customer service and delicious beer options too! The only way I could like it more is if it had a little more lighting inside and outside.
What can I say? I absolutely adore this place. Its a local legend!  We shut it down every Tuesday and Thursday night in Grad School. The food is delicious and very unique. For Arizona, this place is a GEM. Everyone I take here loves it. There are 3 different locations now and they're all kinda special. All three can accomodate big crowds and the desserts are amazing. The Mesa location is in a great spot - and they stay open later than most places in Mesa. Scottsdale has a fantastic indoor/outdoor bar and Tempe is a great informal place to bring a huge group (with parking RIGHT OUTSIDE THE DOOR!)  If you've never tried a pasty - you need to.
Love Cornish! Tasty food (you can't go wrong with meats, veggies, cheese, and bread), great atmosphere, nice staff, and $3 Irish car bombs. All. The. Time.   There's a ton of tables here, ranging from intimate booths to huge pub style tables (make some new friends!). A huge list of beers on tap, decently priced. They have a patsy for all, vegan even! I love the Italian. Royale with Cheese is also a good fall back. Hell, even their mashed potatoes are bomb.   Makes for a fun night out. I love going there to pregame, as I mentioned, $3 car bombs. You not only get a good buzz, but also get to eat! Happy hour all day Sunday!
The service here is terrible! I have been to the other location on Dobson prior and was thrilled when I realized this Cornish was right by my home. I decided my friend and I would meet up here for drinks. On this particular night the resturant was packed, like usual. My friend and I saw two open seats at the bar and sat down. About 10 minutes later the waitress told us she would be with us shortly.   When we hit the 30 minute mark, I was nothing but enraged at the terrible customer service. I told my friend that I wanted to go somewhere else. As I was getting up and gathering my purse, the waitress comes over and had the balls to tell us she was just about to take our order. I informed her that we were leaving because she took 30 minutes to get to us. She should have just let us leave and not say anything. The fact she even acknowledged she was a crappy waitress enraged me more.  So why the three stars? When you're not waiting FOREVER for service and you actually get the opportunity to eat their pasties, your mind will be blown! The food is delicious! The only downside is you don't want to show up at ANY Cornish starving because it takes them a little while to cook them bad boys. I assure you that you won't regret the wait though!
I've eaten here more times that I can remember. I celebrate birthdays here because my favorite meal on the planet- meat and cheese pasty, red wine gravy, Strongbow pint- comes from this place. There aren't enough positive adjectives in the English language to express how much I love this place. The food quality is always consistently great. The atmosphere (in the original part of the restaurant) reminds me of being in London. It can get a little noisy in the newer part of the restaurant but the food more than makes up for it. I've sampled almost everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.
Really sexy, warm and fun environment; it's hard not to notice right away. The food is amazing, I had the bacon wrapped meatballs as an appetizer, holy cow amazing! The croutons at the bottom of the bowl was just extra amazing-ness! I had the royale which is basically a cheese burger version and it was unbelievably tasty. The beef is so flavorful (based on the similar taste both the meatballs and royale had) you probably can't go wrong with any of the beef dishes.
The food was great - I had the veggie mexican and it was really good.  Plenty to eat - in fact I brought half home.  The service wasn't great but I would good back because the food was good.
Killer spot. When I was traveling through Phoenix I got recommended to hit this place up for dinner. I was very stoked to get introduced to this place. It had a feel that it belongs in Portland. I never thought I would find s place like this in Arizona. Do not miss out on this spot and hit it up. My only problem is that I don't have this place in my home town.
I've been here a couple of times and it's been pretty busy. Feel free to sit at the bar; they'll still feed you there. The first time I order the Oggie and it was quite good. This past time I went for the Mexican and it was stellar. Just the right amount of spice and it served w/ salsa and sour cream as well. Be sure to order chips with your beverage or when you order your entree because they do take some time in the oven. Finally, if you're a beer drinker, I think you'll be quite pleased with the variety of beers on tap.
Fridays night, 6pm, party of 5.  No problem! We were visiting from out of town and wanted something different.  It doesn't look like anything from the outside.  It's in a strip mall with a Mexican restaurant.  We almost didn't go in, but my college kid liked the looks of "the hipsters" sitting in the patio.  It's dark in there, but very stylish.  Service was fast and Jillian was great. The beer list is extensive and reasonable... $8 for 32 oz Guinness.  The pasties were big and delicious for about $9.  Us girls only ate 1/2 of our pasties and took the rest home.  We left room for the yummy desserts.  5 of us split 3. So good we may come back tomorrow!
This place is worth going to at least once, but there is a lot to be desired. The food was pretty good. I had the Philly cheesesteak which was honestly not something I would recommend. But based on the reviews of those I visited the place with, I think most of the "Pasties" are probably pretty good.   It's a very young college crowd and the place definitely has a trendy vibe to it. The waitress was very nice and that was probably the highlight. The biggest negative was the fact that the place felt quite dirty. Its probably a good thing the place was pretty dark. I think that is intentional to hide the lack of cleanliness.
This place is SO GOOD. The food is all reasonably priced, especially for the portions you receive. I've never had the beer here, but the iced teas are very good. I've also had the soups, pasties, and the apple pasty dessert and have been extremely satisfied with all of them. I try to get a different pasty each time and haven't gotten a bad one! Some tend to be a bit lighter like the eggplant, or you can get a heartier one like the shepherd's pie.   All of the server's are very nice and helpful. If it's a Friday or Saturday night i would make sure to get there early or send someone ahead of your group because it can get a little crowded.
I don't understand all of the hype. I had lamb vindaloo and it was meh. Just meat and potatoes. I might be willing to go back and try something different, because 800 Yelp reviewers can't all be wrong. But if I went here without seeing the awesome reviews, I would probably never return. I was expecting something spectacular and was disappointed. The service was also extremely slow. The waitress barely came around and that always makes the experience suck.
I have eaten here many a times and I highly recommend.  I have never had a problem and the food is pretty good.
I absolutely love this place. I try to come here as often as I can. The peppered steak is my fav thing on the menu. Great place to come out with your buddies and have a beer eat some pastys and just hang out. Cornish pasty co for lyfe
Cornish Pasty was very good. They have daily vegan pasty options and big beers. And I think it was Iron Maiden playing over the speakers while we sat outside and enjoyed the nice spring weather!  Friendly service. The spicy vindaloo pasty was pretty good. To be completely honest I wasn't blown away by this particular pasty, but it was good enough to make me want to come back and try more of their veg and vegan options. Just the fact that they have these options was very nice for me!  My dining companions were all pleased with theirs, but nobody really raved about it.  I would come back if I were reasonably nearby, but probably wouldn't drive across town just for this.
I love this place. I'm one of those people who would usually find what I like on the menu and stick to it, but here, I mix it up, have eaten almost everything and I've never found anything I don't like. It's also not a bad place to grab beer or glass of wine if you're into that. Anytime I have friends or family in town this is one of the first places I want to bring them.
This place is delicious (as EVERYONE says). It's really not somewhere you can go often though because the food is SO heavy. However, you must go at least once in your life.   The wings. GET THEM. I think it's the tandoori chicken ones? They are indian inspired and probably the best wings I've ever had.   The pastys are really hit or miss. Some of them are delicious (um, the lamb one...!) and some are just okay (the reuben..eh). Drinks are normal, they ran out of the beer I actually liked so I had to settle. But, my friends did like that they always have $3 Irish car bombs so that's definitely a plus!  I've been to the ones in Tempe and Scottsdale and the service is a little slow but the waiters/waitresses are super nice.
Cool place, great music/food. The entree & dessert pies are great, covered with delicious French pasty & full of culinary goodness. Maybe a few too many hipsters for my taste, but will still return all the same.
Having just returned from a week in Cornwall where I subsisted on a daily ration of a pasty and a bowl of soup, i had high expectations. I bought two of the traditional pasties, took them home and finished cooking them according to directions.  They are way too hot! The spicy pepper or chili seasoning overwhelms the goodness of the meat, potato, and (presumably) rutabaga. The pastry was good, the ingredients were good, but the spice has no business being in a Cornish pasty.
This is a foodie's required stop. A menu that is genuinely thoughtful. Outstanding food and great imported draught beer selection. Must stop when stuck in an airport hotel for  mealtime.
I had myself my first Cornish Pasty the other night!  My hubby and I picked them up, so this review is plain and simple...for the food.    I got the Spicy Asiago Chicken with spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies, and Mexican stewed tomatoes.  It was fantastic!  Still piping hot by the time we opened them up to devour them.    Definitely a fan and can't wait to come and dine in sometime soon.  There are quite a few pasties I'm eyeballing on their menu...I love all the choices!!
the food is so good and so many choices but like many of the reviews the service is a little off but for unique and tasty food i can deal I've only been to the Tempe one so i can't speak for the other ones yet
Amazing food, atmosphere, and service! This is our 3rd time coming here and it is great as usual!
good food, good drinks service was okay
First off, a note about the ambience. The door is tinted black so you can't see inside, but once you open it, you'll enter into a dimly lit, but lively set up accompanied by friendly waiters.   So what'd I eat? I got the Bangers and Mash pasty coupled with red wine gravy. It's packed with pork and sausage meat cubes (it tastes better than it looks) and mashed potatoes. It's reminiscent of the microwavable pot pies my mom used to feed me when I was little, except this one's much, much better (thank goodness).   I also sampled my friends' selections. The Mexican is fajitas-filled, and the Pesto Chicken stands on its own league, but broke apart after the first few bites. I personally liked my pick the most, but I have a more traditional pallette. I don't think you can go wrong with any of the pasties.
Been here a couple times.  Love their food!  I have had a few of their Pasty's, loved each one.  Very friendly staff also.  I always reccomend to friends and coworkers.
This has been a favorite place of mine for a long time. There are so many great options on the menu, so it'll take some time to try everything and very hard to pick a favorite.  The staff is nothing short of fun and make dining in a great experience.
As far as pasties go, this place is the f*ckin' sh*t.  Sorry, I didn't know I was so passionate about pasties, or really what the hell a pasty was before I Yelped this joint for lunch.  Thank the pasty gods I did too because if my gullet could have handled the gastric barrage I would have eaten half a dozen of these delicious meat/cheese/veggie filled wonderlands.   If you're a regular, I'm jealous of your uninhibited access to CPC.  If you've never been, allow my review to sway you.  Go, enjoy and don't let the blacked out storefront, dive-y atmosphere, or bearded culinary artisans dissuade you, you will thank me.
Great cider, thats about it...just left after sitting there and being ignored. 1st we get told the apetizer will take the same amount of time as the main dish. Then we spilled a drink, had to wait 2 passes of our waitress to get her attention. When we finally did, she said she would be right back with a towel. 15 minutes later, she has taken 3 more orders in front of us and no towel. We ask to cancel our order and get tje check, only to be told your meal is ready. We refused the meal and paid for our drinks and left a 0 tip. Great to be ignored and left with a soggy table.
Great food, nice wait staff, and an awesome experience overall. Try the Chicken Tikka Marsala.  I'm not from Arizona so I went out in a limb trying this place but I'm glad I did.  Also the ambience won't be for everyone. It's kind of dark inside and the music is a mix of punk rock and some alternative jams.
Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite places to eat! The food is always delicious and the beer selection is amazing.
The oggie is so good & my sister tried the pilgrim which she said made her mouth soooo happy!
Dined at Central Bistro, it was wonderful.  We had the Drunk Bread for an appetizer, it was absolutely delicious.  I had the seared Salmon  with artichokes, haricot vert (string beans), purple potatoes in a lobster sauce.  It was absolutely delicious.  Friends had  the peanut thai salad & pasta with clams.  Everyone enjoyed their dinner.  It was a little on the pricey side for me, but well worth the food.  I would eat there again in a hearbeat~
Love this place. The pasty's are great but I love the Scottish eggs.
We had the chicken pot pie pastie and the traditional (beef, potato, rutebega, cabbage) pastie. Kids and adults ate and enjoyed. The pasties are delicious and huge. I would have liked the filling to be a little more saucy. I know the wine sauces served on the side are meant for dipping and that would have been nice if we like wine sauces but no one in our family does. Tastes like your Cornish grandma is in the kitchen lovingly making pasties for all to enjoy. I'd come back.
Wow!  Here to visit family, but my wife and I snuck off and enjoyed a little piece of heaven tonight.  We loved the meatballs as an appetizer, then had the Cajun Chicken Pasty, both of which were divine.  We even split the Chocolate Bread Pudding for dessert.  We are still able to move, barely, and both more than happy with our meal.  Terrific time, we really enjoyed ourselves.
Food was pretty good, and it is definitely authentic British food. We also liked the feel of the place. Our waiter service was very good as well!  I think that this type of food is just not my thing though. It was a bit heavy, and I had a stomach ache that evening. It also seems to be a bit dirty (the place is dark, so it's difficult to see!).
Always worth it. Everything is delicious, especially the peppered steak pasty. Get the oven chips with garlic. They also have great happy hour deals -- $3 Strongbow and $3 Irish car bombs.
Delicious beer, even delicious-er pasties. If I could live here, I would.   There's maybe nothing I would improve upon except slightly faster service. But even then, I've never gone here while I was in a rush so that's never been a major issue.   The Pilgrim is my favorite, but my friend recently ordered the beef abodobe or something like that and it looked so good I thought about murdering him so I could take it. Ultimately I decided I was too full to eat it, but that guy knows to watch his back now.
The amazing reviews drove us to try this place.  It was not as close to the ASU as we thought it was, but it's a pretty cool place with decent food.  A patsy is an English version of a calzone with a huge variety of fillings.  We had a Royal with cheese (cheeseburger), lamb with mint, bangers n mash and eggplant Parmesan.  All were quite good but nothing spectacular.  The Greek salad was delicious, as were the oven chips (French fries) with garlic.  Great selection of brews and a very cool atmosphere.
I cannot even explain how much I loved this place. Between the food and beer list I couldn't be happier. Had the chicken pot pie and died over it. Definitely not the most comfy seating arrangements but over all really great experience!
I have to say this place was pretty good! It was the first time I've tried this kind of food. The dishes were a good portion. The waitress was nice and the environment was relaxing.   The only thing I'd have to say is to make sure to sit inside the restaurant. We had people smoking heavily who sat at the booth next to us and the waitress didn't do anything about it because they were her friends.
Sat on the patio..awesome beers..awesome food (can't beat having your whole meal served in a hot pocket).  Garlic Frys are really good. . Music even better.   Must hit this place up again.
This is a must when in Phoenix! I loved it all, the service, the environment and of course the food! We had a Greek salad (crisp, fresh and healthy) the peppered steak pasty (delicious, big enough to share) and the peanut butter and jelly dessert pasty (to die for) Highly recommended
"Cozy" pub atmosphere, great food, easy on the wallet.  I had the bangers and mash pasty, she had the cottage pie pasty, we were both in heaven. Took a dessert home to share. Server was helpful and very nice. My only minor issue was that we came out smelling like we worked in the kitchen--lots of ambient cooking aromas.
Gross!
I love this place!  Casual English pub, every booze imaginable, but the real attraction for me is the phenomenal, affordable food and fantastic service with very competent staff.  The soups are great, the salads are great, the pasties are great and the homemade bread is to die for!  The menu offers something for everyone: meat lovers, vegetarians and even gluten free by request (takes a bit longer for that last one.  I haven't tried the gf myself, but a colleague raves about the gf pasties).  You can also get the food as take-out or half baked (par baked) to take home and finish in your own oven.  Cornish Pasty rocks.  Go there!
This place is awesome!! This was my first time visiting and I will be going back. I had the Rosemary Chicken and my Honey had The Italian. Delish!!
Soooo tasty! I am sold on the cajun pasty! Service was ok, I think the pasties take a really long time to bake, but they are worth the wait.  Wish I lived closer to it!
Been here too many times. The food is always amazing. Last year I made an attempt to try very pasty on the menu and I DID. Pasty do take about 15 mins to bake, so please be patient and the beer is always pouring. Simple food. Amazing food.
Really great food all the times I've been. Servers are never super outgoing and friendly but who cares, they are busy doing a million things and it's pretty much always busy. Don't get me wrong, the service is always good, and my beer never stays empty for more than a minute or two, if that.  It's got real character, a dark little hole in the wall place. Most of the time I sit at the bar, and the cooks make up for what the servers may lack in conversation or banter. I like that the cooks have a tip box too, that way I can hook it up if the food or cooks go above and beyond which is most every time. I'm scared to go to the other Cornish pasty because I'm afraid it won't compare... It looks a little too clean and contemporary and in my experience the original is always the best. Not a ton of people know about it, so it's great to take first timers there. The menu is vast, unique, and offers plenty for every taste. Every time I've taken a newbie there they have always, always, always been a big fan. Keep it up fellas, your doing great.
Fantastic little hot pocket. I really love the crust and the stuffing inside. I have ordered a few and I think my favorite is the one with the steak. Forgot what it was called. But u can't go wrong. It's delicious! Don't be fooled by the entrance. Once u go inside. It's like another world.
Awesome place. I tend to stick to the more basic and traditional style pasties now, as the more unique ones just seem a little odd to me. I can't say I've ever had anything I didn't like though. Great beer selection as well.
We've been here a few times now & the pasty's have been kind of hit or miss. Each time we've tried sometime different to change it up. The chicken portobello mushroom & the curry chicken were pretty good whereas the rosemary chicken & the lamb and mint weren't all that great. I was told no substitutions can be made (nor can anything be eliminated) because the pasty's are already made. I guess that kind of goes against my personal preference. The atmosphere at the restaurant is very laid back & it's a good place to go with a group. It's definitely unique which is one of the reasons we keep going back!
Food is the same but this location has greatly expanded.  Although it still gets crowded sometimes, you can now come at 6:00 on weekdays and probably get a seat.  I was a bit concerned however about the outside area which is poorly maintained and dirty.   I know it's outside, but you can still clean tables get the splinters out of the wooden seating.  Are the portions a bit smaller?  If so, all to the good.  This still has a college handout ambiance but most of the patrons are not college students, so perhaps Cornish Pasty could encourage their servers to dress just a bit nicer and act a bit nicer.
The chicken tikka masala pasty is great. The ambience and every thing is excellent. You can also try chicken pot pie here
Best place in tempe
This is one of my favorite restaurants in AZ, and a great place to come with friends for great food and beer. The best pasty is the chicken pot pie, it's to die for! And the staff are all friendly and efficient. The prices are reasonable, and the portions are large, so we always have leftovers to take home. Cornish is the best!!
So I love this place, been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about it. Great food, great beers amazing, personal service and I never wanted to go anywhere else for my afternoon beers and food. Recently, however, they have formed a new policy where there is no smoking on the patio area, fully outside, ventialted patio. I do not smoke, never have never will, but that idea is ridiculous. If you want to go to a non smoking family style restaurant, and there is an applebees in every town in america period. If you want a fun, hip atmosphere with the product and staff to back it up, you come to the Cornish pasty and if smoke bothers you, you stay indoors and thats that. Dear pasty: dont give in to these high horse, internet terrorists. Your fan base loves you and will stay true. Go corporate like.everyone else, fine, someone else will be more than willing to stay local and real.
So my friends from ASU had mentioned this Irish pub place that served what was called a "Pasty". From the sound of things, it was a hot pocket/pie sandwich type deal. They mentioned an array of options from pepperoni to peppered steak etc. All that being said, decided we should go there for dinner the night before I left Arizona. Especially after I saw 860 reviews with 4.5 stars up here on yelp. That's virtually unreal. Never had seen such ratings with as many reviews. Any who, drove up to what looked like a dead shopping strip with a bunch of stores/restaurants that looked closed due to the dark tint of the windows. When we opened the door though, it was actually pretty mind blowing. Walked around from what I guess was the front door to the bar side. Honestly, first thing I thought coming around that corner was that this place looked like something off the set of man vs food. Can't really explain it but if you're familiar with the show and happen to make a stop, you'll understand what I'm saying. So we sat at the bar and got our orders. I wanted something spicy so I looked out for something that I thought would match my liking on the menu. Found the Cajun chicken pasty which was spicy marinated chicken, ham, bacon, with chipotle sauce. My girlfriend ordered the bangers mash which was mashed potatoes, meatloaf and gravy. My Cajun chicken was amazing. Spiced to perfection as was hoping. My girlfriends bangers mash was ok. Not as much flavor as my Cajun chicken but still pretty good. All in all, I would highly recommend this place. It definitely lives up to the 860 reviews and 4.5 stars, a rare occurrence. Only mishap, which really isn't a mishap, is that if you decide you want to add any custom pieces together in your pasty, we were told you would have to make such request 24hrs in advance. These guys make the sandwiches hours in advance so that it's just put into the oven upon order. So if you're the type to want to customize your order, I suggest you call in advance but you likely won't make the a wrong decision with any of the available options.
Mmmm mmmm DELICIOUS! I had the carne adovada pasty and the BF had the cajun chicken pasty. We were both in love! Stuffed with meaty awesomeness! Fresh ingredients and fresh out of the oven. They are cut in half and one should probably eat the other half as a midnight snack or meal the next day, but why stop when it's just so darn good!? The oven chips and other potato option was also amazing! Great outdoor area with giant tables. Lovely beer list. Friendly service. Can't wait to go back!
Say it with me... PASS - TEE.  These do not go on your nips.  They are delicious pastries stuffed with meat and cheese and all manner of amazing things.  It's also one of the few places in phoenix where you can order a draft Boddingtons to wash it all down.  I like sitting at the bar and watching them make the pasties while you drink and eat.
Love Cornish Pasty. First time at this location.   Our well mustachioed server was very quick with drinks and very attentive to our questions.   We had the mushroom walnut soup to start. Piping hot and very flavorful. I liked the crunch from the walnuts and the bread was really fresh.    Lovely Bit of Salmon and the Reuben. Both very good. And still our favorites. Our server also brought out dessert very fast, as requested. Very great meal.   Non-smoking patio was a plus. There was a lot of out door heaters ready for colder nights too.
This place is ALWAYS GOOD! Haven't had a pasty I've been disappointed with so far! My favorite is the chicken portobello ! Their oven chips and meatballs for appetizers are great as well! The pastys and made and baked fresh, so it can take a little time to get your food, but it is so worth the wait! Great prices on alcohol! And their desserts are SO good!! My fave is the chocolate bread pudding! A MUST everytime we good!      The only con is the staff/service ! Sometimes we get great servers that are very attentive and keep our drinks filled.. Other times it takes forever to see our server and to get the bill to pay!
The food here is all right, the atmosphere better.  The lady and I got a couple of pasties, the shepherd's pie one and the cheese steak deal; they were okay, kinda bland, but hard to dislike something in a pie shell.  The atmosphere was about perfect for what you'd expect a British pub-type place to be. Dark, with lots of gregarious riff-raff and guys with beards about. Probably doesn't sound too appealing, but I found the authenticity to be nice.
YUMM! I'm a vegetarian & I took my non-vegetarian friend to eat a veggie mexi which is mock beef & we were both super full and satisfied! The oven chips (fries)with garlic & jalapeos are also a must! The service is great & the waiters are all so kind. This is by far my favorite spot.
To start I will say, this place is fantastic. That being said, the service is just OK. I have never had bad service but I have had mediocre service; long waits for easy things like refills, and forgotten order items, but all that can just be a fluke. I am in love with the food and even the people there. Everyone is cool to be around and no one is rude.   There aren't substitutions or "create your own" options, but as an extremely picky eater, if you can't find a pasty you like, you should probably go to burger king and have it your way.  Also the beer menu is great for Beer snobs, and welcoming enough for average beer drinkers alike. I don't drink wine, but it looked like a long list of options.   All in all this is a near perfect establishment. If you are looking for a unique place to take someone and fill up on home cooked flavors, this is the place in Tempe. I happen to prefer the N Scottsdale Rd. location, but to each their own.
Reminds me of a calzone but the variety is much larger. Pub, but friendly for dinner or lunch also
The food is heavy, not especially tasty, and the interior is very dark. Lots of people like this place and I've never figured out exactly why.
A great way to hit 300 reviews!   We had heard only good things about this place, both on Yelp and from friends and co-workers that have been. We headed in and the black out curtains immediately made it feel like nighttime inside. After picking a seat at the bar we took a look at the menu and debated on the options.   I opted for the Shepherd's Pie (Cottage Pie) Pasty and he went for the The Oggie. We then decided to share a side of "chips" (i.e. fries). The best part of sitting at any restaurant bar, is getting to see the workers do what they do. This place was even better for that idea since you could not only watch bartenders mixing up drinks, but the kitchen was front and center, so we were able to watch our food be made from start to finish!  The food took a bit to come out, but each order is made fresh and the fries are baked, not fried, so it's worth waiting for. Both our Pasties were delicious and very filling! The fries were cooked perfectly, and it was nice to step away from the fried food world and still enjoy a great stuffed pasty and fries.  The staff was very friendly and checked in on us regularly. We were so stuffed we didn't get dessert this go-round, however, it isn't out of the cards for the next visit!  Overall: A A quirky "hole-in-the-wall" bar with amazing food, fun staff, and great ambiance. Go!
Expanded space and multiple locations deserves more stars! :)
cozy, loud and wonderful place.  delicious food and beer.
This was a unique dining experience.  The setting was subdued Irish pub. Dark polished wood, dim lighting, candlelight, and a variety of tables made this place inviting. The service was top-notch with the servers being knowledgeable of their items and making excellent suggestions.  The food. I had the Meat and Cheese Pasty. Homemade pork and sage sausage, swiss and cheddar cheese, in a wonderful pasty crust. It was so tasty. I also had some rich garlic mashed potatoes with cheese. It was a lot of food with half coming home with me. Saving room for dessert, I had the Apple Caramel Pasty. Melt in your mouth heaven. Cinnamon, apples, and caramel all melt in your mouth in a fluffy pasty crust. A delicious meal.
Excellent food & atmosphere. Sat at the bar with a full menu and had a great experience, reasonable prices, and great service! Definitely recommend the Peppered Steak pasty.
This place is a bit obscure. It is kind of hidden from the main street as it is facing the residential road. I almost missed it on my way here! Once you go past the black door, you enter a dark, dimly lighted bar. There are large booths for large parties and tables for small groups. The bar extends throughout the entire place so there is plenty of seating. The restroom cleanliness is typical for a pub and is well maintained. There are plenty of TVs if you looking to watch a game there.  Since this place is known for their pasties, I decided to try one out. I ordered The Chicken Greek Pasty to go along with my Hoegarden beer. The portion size is just about right, wasn't too big nor too small. The pasty was hot and fresh. What made it really good was the sauce that was provided with the pasty. I almost didn't have enough for the entire pasty! My one gripe about the pasty is that I wish it had a bit more chicken. Other than that, it was superb.  This place has a good happy hour menu and a pretty extensive selection of beers on tap and on bottle. The service was good for the most part. Other than forgetting one of the sauces for the people of my party it was pretty good throughout. They delivered our food and drinks in a timely manner and was helpful with the first timers with what to order. I wish I can give this place 4.5 stars, but since I can't, I'll have to give it four.
Truly awesome food, and a unique option in a sea of tempe's Thai, Mexican, and pub food dominated restaurant scene. While many pub classics exist on their menu, I've yet to see a pasty on anyone else's menu, let alone one as good as the ones at Cornish. My personal favorite is the chicken rosemary, with a side of HP sauce. Oven chips are a good appetizer, since it'll be about 30-40 minutes before you get your food. Awesome selection of import beers. Service is good, even when busy. Only downside is that they feel a bit overpriced, considering how much side dishes cost and no combos are available. For two people ordering pasties, 2 beers, and two sides, expect to pay around forty or fifty after a tip and tax. That said, you'll leave full!
Wow...we loved this place!  I had bookmarked this as a place I wanted to try a while back and I wasn't disappointed.  Never before had I had a pasty.  Clearly, I've been missing out!    This place is a dark, dimly lit british pub-style restaurant.  It was completely slammed, with loads of mostly college aged people.  Everyone seemed to be laughing, talking, and having a genuinely good time.  We sat at the best seats in the house, the bar, and got to watch the staff work their magic. From there, you could see most of the kitchen work as well as the bar work.  Always fun, and the staff were plenty entertaining, ha ha.  My wife and I each tried a pasty to share, me the Oggie, and Stacy had the shepherds pie.  The Oggie is their traditional pasty, with steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (swede) with a side of red wine gravy or ketchup. So good!  I also tried some of my wife's, which was very good as well.  In addition, we split an order of the chips (fries).  The food took a while, but it's all made fresh and baked, and very much worth the wait.  It was cooked to perfection!  We had a GREAT experience here, and can't wait to go back.  Do yourself a favor and go check them out!
God, I love this place. Every location is awesome. The food is always great. I've never had a single problem other than having to wait because it's packed with so many other people enjoying the awesomeness.   While I do love the pasties, it's great to venture to other areas of the menu as well. Their handmade soups are fantastic and I try to always save room for some. I've had both the Pavlova and the dessert pasty and I could go in for those alone.  They usually have great music playing and the service is always friendly.
Unique food that packs a punch! I just wish for the price I could end up a little more full.
Awesome dinner at Cornish Pasty tonight! I had the Bangers and Mash Pasty and Hubby had the Chicken Tikka Masala Pasty. Had the hot baked beans on the side. Everything was delish. Amazing pastry. We really wanted to do the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert but were too stuffed.  Nice layout with plenty of both outdoor and indoor seating. We chose indoor since it was 105 outside. Very friendly service too.  We will definitely be back next time we are in the area.
Wow!   My husband and I usually wander around the restaurants in our area spending good money and getting bland boring food.   Sadly we have grown accustomed to it.   But not here!  The food is great and the atmosphere is alive and vibrant.   We both started with soups, I had the mushroom and my husband had the red pepper.  They are both served with fresh bread and butter.   The soups were fantastic and a great value - honestly.   Our son had a pasty and curried potatoes.  A little on the salty side for my taste but the flavors were definitely there.   My husband and I shared a sausage salad and it was filled with veggies, cheeses and meat and very satisfying.  Loved the choices of beers and fresh iced teas as well.  We will be back.!
I don't understand all the fuss about this place. The restaurant itself is crowded, dark, and dirty. I should mention that I am a vegetarian, and they have several veggie pasty options on the menu but I find them to be heavy and kind of bland. Perhaps this is a better place for meat-lovers. One positive thing that I will say is that it is fun to sit by the kitchen and watch how they make their famous pasty.
Great Food...best Greek Salad!!  A little small gets crowded fast. Prices  Good !  love the New one in old town Scottsdale
So good. Just try it, you'll understand. From what I've tried, the Cream Of Leek Soup is the best item on the menu.
Even things that sound like they won't be good - actually turn out to be great. The food is uncommonly good.   THE ONLY PROBLEM WITH THIS PLACE IS: the waiters have no uniform and they all dress like hipsters. You can't tell who is bringing your drinks and who is just a bassist in an alt-rock band.
Upon arriving, I thought this place was shut down. Windows were black, no eye-catching sign, etc. Come to find out, it's open, and all that adds to the ambiance of the place. I didn't care too much for the dark pub eating experience, though.   As for the food, I ordered two  pasties and a desert. I liked the the pasty crust, but the fillings lacked flavor to me. The dessert was the best part! Good ole' Apple caramel pasty with ice cream!   At least I can say I've tried a Cornish Pasty!
Absolutely Yummy! I have convinced non-experimental eaters to even try this place.  They are convinced this is pretty dang good too!  My husband and I usually get a couple pasties to go and because we can never decide which is best, we usually end up trading off half way through.  The only downside to this place is that there is no delivery!  I would place orders here for lunch more often if there was!
Atmosphere  Food  Stone Beer
Chicken pot pie- was kinda garlicky, like raw garlicky, awesome chunks of white meat. Comforting  Chicken tikka masala- holy cow. White folk made this? High five! You nailed it! Think chicken tikka masala samosa!
Well, I can say I finally say I've eaten at the highly regarded Cornish Pasty.  On the interesting scale, I'd give it a 5. The dark, pub-meets-art-museum (complete with church pews for seats) look of the inside is kind of neat. The servers, completely stereotypical hipster in appearance, all seem nice enough. The menu and food are very different than anything I've seen before.  We ended up ordering the Meat and Cheese pasty and the Mexican. Both were good, and came with the appropriate sauces.  If I have one complaint, it's that pasties are pre-made. So if you don't like a certain ingredient or are allergic to something, there's no ordering the pasty of choice without it; you'll just have to find something without it in it. It also makes me wonder how long some of the less popular pasties have to sit and wait to be ordered.
It's hard to pass up a really fancy hot-pocket. Especially when the stuffing is anywhere from pesto chicken to the royal with cheese to traditional European eats like shepherd's pie to veggie and vegan options. All warm and delicious and folded into a flakey crust. Yum.   The staff has always been friendly and helpful when torn between two different pasty. They're knowledgeable about the menu and the beer selection. The ambiance is pretty chill and dark inside. A great place to go with a lover or friend. Or family haha.  Do what you like, but if you're in the area I highly recommend you get your booty over to Cornish Pasty and eat some of this tasty goodness.
My wife and I found this in the local newspaper's best of LV for 2007.  I'm glad we did.  It was the second to last thing we did on our lastest trip to Vegas, and it was a fun little place.  The owner was super nice and talked our ears off the whole time.  Unfortunately we were travelling about 3 hours after our stop, so we couldn't really get any of the frozen or other foods, but they do carry Mars Delight, which is only the greatest candy bar on the earth.
We've visited here twice from Denver, and each time I wish we had a shop like this near our home. It's fun to browse, and my son always finds good cookies (TimTams or the British imitator called Penguins) or snacks. I'd love to try some of the home-prep items and may figure out a way to do that.   I nearly bought a Shandy Bass this trip (Bass ale mixed with lemonade, a traditional drink, go figure) but didn't because I couldn't drink it right away and couldn't keep it cold. Next trip perhaps. How can you pass up a thing that interesting and unusual?   The owner is helpful and accommodating, and I'm fairly sure she'd order you things she doesn't carry if you can return to get them.  This is a great break from the casinos and an easy-to-find location on Decatur. From the south, go west on Tropicana past The Orleans casino and turn north (right) on Decatur. Proceed north to the 3400 South block. The shop is in a strip mall on the west side of Decatur. It's usually open from 10 to 6 or a little later.
This is a great little shop, I was very excited to find out about it, as it's pretty hard to come across British stuff in most parts of the country I've lived in.  They have quite a decent selection, but then again I'm mostly just interested in the sweets, chocolate, and that kind of yummy stuff from there.  I was able to get some delicious, authentic Cadbury chocolate and some of Mr. Kipling's pies, very yummy! I plan on going back again and getting some more stuff to try.  The lady working was very nice and helpful too, and if they don't have what you're looking for, they offer to try and find it for you.
We've been to this pleasant little shop several more times and always enjoy it. You can get occasional great deals on clearance items. I still haven't tried that Shandy Bass, though!
This place is awesome!  Got together with some friends I haven't seen in over a year.  They mentioned the Rose and the Crown.  As soon as I walked in, I felt at ease.  I walk in, and a couple people knew me, so it felt friendly instantly. The staff is awesome!  Super-friendly and attentive, without being down your throat. I told them to expect me back everyday.  Teehee!
i hear it will be open by friday, Dec. 21.  Edit:  Well, i finally had a chance to check out The Rose & Crown on two separate nights, one being opening night, and the other a Thursday night in early January.  Because i live downtown and pretty much crave ANYTHING new, this review will be completely bias, although I'm fairly certain that other central area denizens will agree with the tone of the review.   As you walk in, there is a greeter, which is pretty awkward at a bar, especially since the front room is commanded by the bar only a few feet from the entrance.  Its a unique but awkward set up, though convenient if you are sitting on their amazingly sweet patio or on their cleverly placed benches overlooking Pizzeria Bianco and Heritage Square in general.    When i was there with my gf on a Thursday, it was pretty dreary and about 10 other people were in there whispering.  I was slightly disappointed in the atmoshere, but since the bar offered a bunch of new things to look at and talk about, i was entertained.  Business really needs to pick up in order to help the vibe of this place.  Their dart board nook is really cool, though it could be dangerous (ha!) as the only thoroughfare to the loo.    I had their fish in chips, which were nice and the proportion big, but i STILL prefer Rula Bula's (still looking for something comparable ANYWHERE else).  Still, the fish and chips were far superior to George and Dragon's.  My gf had the chicken ceasar salad, which is about at boring eating it as it is typing it.  Still, it was serviceable fare.  I enjoyed a Tetley's (which i'm impressed they had on tap) and my gf got a classic Guinness - 'cos she's cool like that.  All in all, a nice environment to drink strong ales in.  The music was obviously satellite radio, but it fit the environment, and i heard New Order, Morrissey, and your requisite Amy Winehouse.  All SOLID Brit-pub tunes.  I'd like to see a DJ night to breath some life into a stale night, or (gasp!) live music on their sizableoutside property.   When i go back, i will mos def decide to sit on the patio or on the benches in front.  That is a pretty unique feature of the R&C and as a downtownie, i'm pleased its in the neighborhood.
I have to say, coming from a land of many Irish pubs (and being Irish myself) I didn't get a very pub like feel from Rose and Crown.  (Even if its British. Bah. British. )  I felt much more like I was at a restaurant than at a pub.  The disjointed atmosphere of the rooms and patio, while works well for certain establishments, doesn't seem to work as well here.  The lack of a main central bar area adds to the restaurant feel.  While the fish and chips we ordered were very good the fact that, despite being part of the largest party in the place, we had to go and pay for our meal at the bar was slightly annoying.  (Why didn't our server return to our table to bring us a check?  Or even check in and see if we needed something? Is it because we were on the patio?)  They had a good selection of British beers on tap- Tetley and Boddingtons as well as your other standard brews.  But if Rose and Crown really wants to consider itself a pub it should knock down the existing bar and wall (which apparently weren't there when this was circa 1900) and just make one big room with a very long bar and then the tables.    3.5, but I'm rounding up because I'm not sure if there are real pubs to found here and the fish and chips were solid.  Update:    Ok, so I was back for the Yelp event and I have to say that R+C just doesn't do it for me.  I had the Shepherd's Pie which was mediocre at best.  I love potatoes.  LOVE them.  I eat them raw for crying out loud.  But I don't want my Shepherd's Pie to be nothing but potato.  I shouldn't be searching for the meat.    Again, I have to say I'm not a fan of the disjointed layout of the bar....there is no vibe here and if there is its not a fun one.    FYI, they validate parking for the Hertiage Sq Garage.
I'm somewhere in between three and four stars. And, I know there are Yelp "Talk" events taking place right this very second as I sit to type my review, and it is for this reason I appreciate what anonymity I have so I won't be egged as I walk out my door in the morning. And, it is possible that I expected something earth shattering within the vicinity of so much greatness (read: Pizzeria Bianco)  First of all - I had to approach the bar for service, refills and a check. Granted there was one guy running the place at 3:30 in the afternoon, but my friends and I were three of five people at the entire property. They weren't busy.   We sat out on the patio and watched all the folks across the walkway start to congregate outside Pizzeria Bianco in the rain. It was an unbelievable an hour and a half prior to opening, they have at least two seatings of Guests waiting in the rain - I swear there's got to be something addictive in that crust. I love Bianco, I do, but I am also (sometimes) very logical. Show up at 5 p.m., go find a great patio table at the Rose and Crown, or Bar Bianco and have some wine for a couple of hours prior to dinner - don't stand in the rain for an hour and a half!  But, I digress...we're discussing the Rose and the Crown. Okay. Cute, compartmentalized rooms, yes. Homey feel, yes. Good selection of beer, yes. Good wine, no. Well made cocktails, yes. Menu, eh, okay. Service, eh, poor to okay.  Patio seats, rocking good! The trees changing colors, yellow leaves everywhere, perfect. People watching, phenomenal. Fish and Chips, pretty good. The friends I shared the experience with, too good to be true!
As I age, I notice a very distinct progression in my social abilities and perception. It started with being overly cool and on-the-scene. Those were my Hot Pink and My Favorite Lounge days, when I had eighteen thousand holes in my face, and the requisite challenging hairstyle du jour, and danced on bar tops.  These were the golden years, and I knew everyone that needed to be known.  Now, I am beyond uncool, and when I go places that used to be as hip as me, I feel like I kinda recognize everyone. It's a little uncomfortable. This happened about 17 times at R+C.   The place feels a little big for its britches, but the potential is there. They need more lived-in homey type stuff. The prices are fine, the food's okay, and the brewsky is cold, but we all know that has nothing to do with a bar's success. It's good to have a pub in downtown that doesn't smell like urine (I'm glaring in your general direction, Seamus McCaffrey's), but the crown's not there yet.
I have a hard time reviewing a place that is not even a month old yet.  Definitely not enough time to get into a rhythm...  Of course there are going to be plenty of kinks to work out and after talking with one of the owners for awhile I definitely think he is up for the challenge.   I really enjoyed my evening here and can't wait to come back to see how things are going for them.  All of the British recipes on the menu are family recipes and honestly the best Shepperd's pie I have ever had. I cannot wait to return and try the other items on the menu.
I really wanted to fall madly in love with this place, I mean, a British themed pub in Heritage Square? So promising.   As you walk in, the bartender is standing behind in an elaborate wooden bar structure. This made me think publican instead of bartender (as in "Mate, I'll take a pint and d'ya have any rooms available?"), which is probably the idea. As there was nice selection of draught beers, we walked around to the bar to the right and ordered a couple of pints. I ordered a Boddingtons, my friend ordered a Stateside micro brew. (Would have been nice if they had Old Peculiar on tap, but you can't have everything.)   Due to the combination of things cooking in the kitchen, it smelled a bit like my grandma's house. This prompted us to make a beeline for the patio decorated with super-heavy wood furniture. I assume this is to discourage thieves from selling their tables and chairs on the black market. Smart. The piped-in music selection that night was a bit off-putting, in fact, one of the other patrons commented on it as well. It appeared to be a satellite radio station that specialized in 80s hits like Wham! and Depeche Mode. I guess George Michael and David Gahan ARE British. Indeed! Wikipedia just informed me that "Dave Gahan (born May 9, 1962 in Epping, Essex, England) is the baritone lead singer for the English electronic band Depeche Mode, and is also an accomplished solo artist." Now I feel better.   There are many cozy nooks in this place, so that would be a good thing if you wanted to have some one-on-one time. They were also playing football (soccer) on the flat screens, so should make some team scarf-wearing Brit ex-pats in the Valley very happy.  Will I be back to try the food? Probably at some point. But, for another round of drinks, I think I'll wait for a Friday or Saturday night when it's hopping.
that's it - I'm moving back to phoenix. All it took was for three local phoenix boys to open the perfect tavern where I can relax on a massive wooden porch with a pint of bass and wax poetic on the merits of the cure and the clash with a friend after work.  Rose and Crown is a gorgeous home (formerly circa 1900) turned London pub with a warm atmosphere and *killer* music selected on the jukebox. The music I attribute to one of the owners, Chris, who, I eventually discovered, used to play in a mid-90s local punk band called Plinko. I found this tidbit of info out while eavesdropping on a conversation he was having with a couple that was sitting up at the bar. They were chatting about a 1993 punk show in Phx where Circle Jerks and Skankin Pickle played. I excitedly shouted from across the room, "Punk v. Ska?! I was at that show, too!" turns out the owner's band, the couple, and I were ALL at that show, and now ALL sitting a beautiful wood bar relaxing with our English pints (which are 20 OZ across the pond, btw, not 16)  - did I mention I LOVE THIS PLACE?   Deets: It's nestled in Heritage Square - and directly across from Pizzeria Bianco - on a faux street (it was once a street but is now blocked from traffic passing through) with about five other early 19th century homes-turned-restaurant/bar. This really makes for a homey effect. Up a set of stairs and there's plenty of wooden tables and chairs on the enormous front patio (where, I might add, you can actually take your drink to - take that, Roosevelt!). inside is broken up into three rooms off of a foyer. the belly-up portion of the bar itself is kind of small - but there's plenty of high-table seating throughout the two rooms, and a pool table and dart board in the third.  Food - didn't try it, but usual English fare; Shepherd's pie, bangers and mash, fish and chips. Happy hour meant $3.50 import pints (again, these are 20 ouncers) of Bass, Boddington's, Newcastle, Guinness, Stella...you get the idea.  My one major complaint - the parking. There is absolutely no parking near the bar. There are of course plenty of garages nearby - this is right downtown - but on a game night you get screwed. you can try your luck finding a metered space that doesn't require money after 5 p.m. like I did.   But that's not enough to deter me. The owner I mentioned before - who spotted me sitting at the bar alone while I waited for my friend and chatted me up - very much gave the impression that they're just three good friends attempting what every 20-30-somethings dreams about at one point - opening a cool bar. And they did. So go to it.
I really want to like The Rose and Crown more, but if you take away the huge creepy paintings of British royalty you wouldn't even know it's a British pub. You especially notice it after a visit to George and Dragon or Rosie McCaffrey's.  Now that's not a big deal or anything, but it just doesn't feel like a British pub the way they do - Rosie's is Irish, I know.  A group of us came here for drinks after First Friday and relaxed on the porch with pints of brew and good company.  I would go here again, I'm just not falling all over myself or getting wet with praise for the place.   2.5 stars rounding up to 3.
What a nice little place. Casual but classy, if that makes sense. Totally delicious Shepherd's Pie...I really liked that it had green beans in it, as opposed to all other Shepherd's Pie I've had with peas (ick). I kind of wonder if the big Heritage Square events impact the ambiance, but I'd definitely go back here if I'm in the area and looking for something to do. I do wish they had their own parking... the only parking I could find was in the garage on 5th St.
Rose and Crown, will you be my Valentine?   Be still my heart. I walked up to Rose and Crown with great anticipation, also knowing it had received some mixed reviews. I expected to be turned off. Instead, I was turned on. I really dig the rooms that are tucked to the side of the bar, which welcomes you with open arms once you step inside.   I was amused by the front door, too. It had a tiny little knob hiding from me. "How do you get in?" I thought at first. Then I laughed. Already I was amused and in a good mood.   So, once you're inside, you're staring at the face of the bar. Yep, it's right there. I imagine it can be a cluster on a crowded night, but when the place is relatively vacant, it's awesome to be able to walk up the steps, through the door and right into the arms of the bar. And it's not just any bar. There are plenty of options on tap, as well as by the bottle. A bar that carries Rogue is a bar I want to be at. Of course, they didn't have the Mocha Porter or the Hazelnut Brown, but I can always go to The Lost Leaf for that. Regardless, Rose and Crown carries a wide array of beers, from ales to pilsners to stouts. I was very, very happy to see Hobgoblin on the menu! As well as to know they do try and carry seasonal beers, including the new one from Sierra Nevada.  So, after you order your beer, you then have to decide Left or Right? If you move to the left, you walk into the "fun area," two rooms split between pool (one table) and two dart boards. This is also where you'll find the restrooms, past the two rooms and stashed in the back. This is also the way to the juke box and outside patio. To the right of the bar is the main seating area that is adjoined to another smaller room where R+C can set out food. Or, if there's no food to have, you can cozy up to the bar for the night.   I can definitely see how pinching your way through the crowd can be a hassle. I guess it depends on what kind of crowd it is. I don't mind rubbing shoulders and bumping elbows with artsy, laid back types. But, considering Rose and Crown is close to Pizzeria Bianco, AZ Science Center and alot of downtown offices, you could very well find yourself among posh-chasers and yuppies. Who knows. I'd have to go back on a regular weekday or weekend night to investigate that.
So I told the swamp donkey to sock it before I give her a trunky in the tradesman's entrance and have her lick me yarballs!  Sorry, I guess the Englishness seeped in.  I dug this place.  Yet another Phoenix house turned bar (the whole concept is still novel to me, so I'm like a little kid with a toy anytime I find a new one).   This one is most definitely English-themed.    On the taps, they've got Tetley's and on the menu they've got shephard's pie.  What more could you want?  Darts?  Oh yeah, they've got that, too.  Pool?  Done.  A wide array of other British Isle beers on tap and a nice selection of microbrew bottles?  Yep.   The fish n chips were in log form.  Not great, but pretty good.
The Rose and the Crown is located in Heritage Square and seems to be in a revolving door location...many different restaurants in the same location over many years... The food:  I had the fish and chips and they weren't that bad and weren't that good.  The "brick" of fish wasn't so great, but the chips were excellent.  Another draw back...no HP sauce!  Any good anglophile will tell HP sauce and chips are a necessary combo... The beer:  Great choices...Gotta try the Old Peculiar and anytime you can find Rogue Dead Guy, go for it... The reason for the 4 stars...Ambience. I am huge fan of Phoenix's move in using "house" for restaurants...Great examples include Cibo, Fate, and so on.. Authentic dartboards ( no electronic! ) and a great jukebox/Sirius radio... Loads of fun, cool people, and great location in the downtown area. Go as soon as possible!
Located in the Heritage Square area (right across from Pizzeria Bianco), the Rose and Crown is a great little bar that packs a ton of laid back charm.  As a converted house, the front porch area has plenty of room for sitting outside and enjoying a pint or four with friends.  The beer selection is good, with local favorites like Four Peaks mixed in with your Irish/British beers.  I have not eaten here yet, so I cannot comment on the food.  Once you step inside, they've managed to keep the individual "rooms" of the house, making it feel like you are truly still in a house.  One room as a pool table, another has some seats and real darts (not that plastic crap), yet another is full of tables and chairs for your dining enjoyment.  Service has always been friendly and attentive, and the people that roll into this place are from all walks of life.  Parking can sometimes be a pain, due to its location near the sporting venues, but if a no-frills laid back place for a beer is what you seek, look no further.
Chill pub in a converted house.  It doesn't really feel like a pub but that's besides the point.  The best seats are out on the porch.  The bar is straight ahead when you walk in the bar and there are two rooms to the left with a pool table, darts, and a jukebox.  A room to the right has more formal tables.    Nice beer selection that included both British beers and local microbrews.  Standard bar menu.  Not sure what this is like at night but really liked it as a post-baseball game drinking spot and somewhere to kill the time waiting for a table at Pizzeria Bianco across the street.
I went here for Happy Hour one night after finding it on Yelp - thanks yelp!    I really liked it.  However, I should preface this with saying I like older buildings and unique architecture.  This place fits right in downtown.  I love the social outdoor couches, the rocking chairs on the large porch and the small inside rooms with hardwood floors.  I almost felt like I was back in the south.  They need more bathrooms, or at least bigger bathrooms, but I guess you work with the space you got right?  However, I one point, I had to go so bad, I went into the men's which had no line.  I got a few funny looks on the way out, but I didn't care, I had the sweet relief of having gone to the bathroom.  Their chicken strips and fries were delicious!  They had an amazing batter on them and the fries were superb.  I would definitely recommend.  They have a good beer selection and I was able to get a lovely bottle of my favorite - pinot grigio.
This place replaced Seamus Mcaffery's as my local watering hole. The atmosphere is fun, with darts and pool. They have a great patio to people watch or laugh at the folks waiting for a table at Pizzeria Bianco (or while you are waiting.) The food is very good, from the buffalo wings to the shepard's pie. Even their garden salad at $4 has fresh spinach, cherry tomatoes, and other obviously fresh products. Nothing appeared to be of cheap quality. Their beer selection is very large, and features a lot of local beers, plus hard to find european beers, with a full bar. I've gone here for all occasions, from night of hard drinking, to dinner with the family. It works for all occassions. They are extremely friendly and very accommodating (even allowed us to order Papa John's to their patio, since the kitchen was closed.) Great music, great food, and nice people. I really hope they are able to keep the low prices as well, and still turn a profit and make rent.  Tuesday night is $2 well night!  A+ establishment.
I love the porch.  They have an inside, but I've never sat in there.    The food is pretty good and the beer is awesome.  The music is from a jukebox and can be hit or miss.  One evening I was there it played 14 U2 songs in a row, which was fine with me but not my friends.
Why isn't this place more popular?  I only come here while waiting for my table at Pizzeria Bianco, but I've yet to have a bad experience here.  The vibe is right there, just out of reach.  Picture tuning a piano - you've allmooost got it!  I think part of the problem is the location.
I'm into this place. I've only been here a few times but it is quickly becoming a regular hangout. The best part is the porch, but it will be too hot to enjoy that soon. So boo for that.  Good stuff:  Lots of good beer Most people who work here are not douchetards Most people who hang out here are not douchetards The cheese plate was big and delicious Good jukebox Good patio I think they have darts and crap inside but I was too toasty to remember  The bad: One bathroom  So yay for The Rose and Crown. Good times.
Gary and I went here last night.   Everything was quite tasty.  We ordered Shepard's Pie, Ruben Sandwich with coleslaw and a side of chips.  OH, and some light colored fruity beer that was on tap.  I had a sip, it was beer.  Gary enjoyed it, he drank it all.    My favorite thing was the coleslaw, it was fantastic!  Leafy, a nice celery taste and the dressing was good too.  I also enjoyed the chips! I like potato wedges better than fries and random pieces were tart, which I liked.  The asparagus that came with the Shepard's Pie were fantastic!  The last restaurant we had asparagus, they were tough and not really edible, but these were tasty!  I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant too.  Didn't know they had a juke box until after we finished eating.  Next time I'll pick a few songs!
Ah, The Rose and Crown.  A group of my friends and I have claimed this spot as one of our regular digs.  Much like a pack of wild dogs that have pissed on every corner of thier territory, this one is ours. You can come too though. We are not mean dogs, just a band of roving comedians with self-esteem issues and an inhuman ability to drink.  Well let me just say a few things about the Rose and Crown. -They have never kicked us out. -They have a pile of beer. -They make a mean Mind Eraser. -I left my debit card there and they did not abuse it. -The Cheese plate is amazing. There is way too much feta to not throw it at people.  One poor soul even suffered the indignity of a Cheesey Sanchez. -One sweet patio.  You can stare across the way at the smug Pizza Bianco patrons.  You really need to check this place out.  the owners are awesome.  They have trivia on Wednesday nights.  And you for sure can have a ton of fun.
Is it me or does every restaurant fail in this location? Examples include; Ruby Beet & Circa 1900. The location is not conducive to a restaurant or bar, there is no attached parking. Needless to say, if your going to make your guests walk a few blocks from a parking garage you need to have a concept worth walking for. The Rose and Crown should have been opened in a better, guest friendly location.
This place is a unique one of a kind place. Great selection of beers to choose from-whether you want domestic, imported or craft beer. Awesome digital jukebox. There are a series of rooms which gives you the opportunity to explore and enjoy your buzz at the same time.  One room is a small bar/seating area, one is more of a small dining room (the food looked YUMMY by the way), one room is a pool room and the other is s eating, darts room. VERY cool set-up....I can also imagine siiting on the porch area when it cools down. Right in the middle of Heritage Square. This is the kind of place you go when you want a cool chill, just-sit-back-and-drink afternoon/night when there's no place you have to be. Definitely worth checking out!
This down-home pub/restaurant is located in downtown Phoenix's Heritage Square (a little area that preserves some of Phoenix's Victorian past) in a converted house. It's located directly across from the infamous Pizzeria Bianco, which is either a blessing or a curse, depending on how you look at it. On the particular night we went thinking we might want to wait in line at Pizzeria Bianco but ultimately deciding we were too hungry to stick it out - in that sense, Rose & Crown won (and greatly benefited from its location across from PB). It lured us away from the best pizza ever, convincing us to sit on its Southern-style patio and chow down on average-tasting roast beef sliders and half-priced vodka sodas. That being said, we really enjoyed ourselves. There was something really homey and relaxing about sitting on the patio (we didn't even go inside), sipping on cold drinks, and looking around at all the Victorian homes. The service was friendly (although it was a bit slow at times), and we definitely would have stayed a lot longer had it not been 110 outside!
The good: Nice selection of beer. Food is reasonable. Great location. The indifferent: Atmosphere during the day is non existent. I've been for lunch 4 times and each time its been dead. The bad: Service. Service. Service.  A quintessential part of the pub going experience is the friendly landlord that welcomes people, pours the drinks and then, if appropriate, engages in some friendly banter with the locals. Least that was my experience when I worked in Ireland, home of some of the finest pubs in the world!  I got a grunt. A menu shoved at me and then ignored for 15 minutes (literally) while the donut behind the bar finished a call on his cellphone.  Sort it out!!
For a Saturday night, this place had a few select patrons - some even brave enough to sit outside in this absurd August heat. Not me. My friend and I parked ourselves at a table in the room with the pool table, where a couple of guys were playing and drinking pints with gusto. Fair enough.   Our server was quick to bring us menus and ask for our order. She was patient enough while I tried to decide what English beer I wanted to try for the first time. The draft and bottle menu is stupid - listing the beers but not the breweries or where they come from! That takes away all the fun! It's supposedly in alphabetic order, but they must not know how to place things in order, for the Stone Arrogant Bastard Ale was listed under the A's (as Arrogant Bastard Ale - I only know the brewery cuz I'm a beer aficionado these days), while other beers were listed by the breweries - Four Peaks, Sierra Nevada, Sam Smith...  I chose the Tetley's Ale. It was good! A slow sippin' beer, which is exactly what I needed. It hit the spot.  While my friend and I were enjoying our pints, our server came back to our table. "I got cut, so I was wondering if I could take care of your tab now. Then, for whatever else you may need, the bartender can help you guys." Well, okay. It must've been very, very, very slow for the one and only server to be cut. We paid her and continued our conversation.   Then my friend wanted another beer. But, we were never again spoken to by any staff. So, apparently, when the only server gets cut that translates to, "If you want another drink, march your happy arse up to the bar to order it."   Well, we didn't stay. For that reason and because it was so hot inside. They didn't have their A/C on, which makes me wonder if they have A/C at all. Ugh. I left with swamp ass. Seriously... that is NOT how I measure a fun time. It was my friend's first time here, and I think it's a sure bet that he won't be coming back based on the lack of service.    My friend and I quickly re-located to The Roosevelt for a superior experience and cooler (literally) atmosphere.
A British Pub in an old house smack dab in the middle of PHX.  Of course I'm going to love it.  Solid beers on tap, non-wallet gouging prices.  Should be a five.  I hold back because the food menu was sparse at best.  We didn't even bother given the lack of choices.  Also, since there was nobody there on the early Saturday afternoon it wasn't an issue, but the bathrooms (location and lack thereof) could be a problem on a busy Friday night.  I think my favorite part may have been the giant paintings of British icons scattered throughout the bar. It set a nice tone and provided an atmosphere in the place that made me immediately think 'Yeah, I can see myself getting hammered here.'
I was visiting Phoenix in late Sept. '08 and walked from my hotel (Springhill Suites - excellent hotel and value) to The Rose and Crown for lunch one day.  I had a tasty club sandwich and delicious fries.  The next night I dropped in after a D-Backs game to see if they would put the Australian Rules Football Grand Final (their Super Bowl) on one of their TV's - it was broadcasting live at 9 P.M. on Direct TV.  I'm a big fan due to a friend in Australia, and desperately wanted to see this game.  The bartender gladly turned it on for me, and I spent the next couple hours happily watching my team (Hawthorn Hawks) win the Grand Final, along with some other curious onlookers, who were getting more into the game as it progressed.  During the game I enjoyed a few St. Mary's Pale Ale's, a recommendation by my waitress from their top quality beer menu.  If I'm ever back in Phoenix I will definitely stop here again - good food, good service, quaint atmosphere, and very accommodating employees.
THIS PLACE HAS THE WORST SERVICE EVER. I used to love going here when they first opened but something has gone terribly wrong. They were out of 2 of the 3 menu items we tried to order, which we were informed of nearly 20 minutes after putting our order in. When we finally did get our food, half of it came. Eventually we did get the other half, after those who got their food were finished. The quality of the food was awful. The server forgot the second round twice. We had to go up to the bar and wait about 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us to give us our tab. At the bar there were other people complaining about the poor service. Needless to say I am never going back; which is a shame because this could be a really great place.
Normally, I would give this place 3 or 4 stars but there were some issues last time I was there.  I was with a group watching the election results (at a British Pub, of course). Service was incredibly slow. Not the server's fault, I think he was the only one. He was nice but I never actually got to order food. The first three beers I wanted were not available. What kind of British Pub runs out of Boddington? I guess we were lucky they had Guinness.  It could be a very cool neighborhood bar, but with places like The Lost Leaf, The Roosevelt, etc., they need to step it up if they want to make it.
So my last review was quite favorable...  They took away the dart boards. They put TVs everywhere, like a sports bar. The service (minus the two regular girls) has gone to shit. Food has gone downhill. I remember saying how the food was high quality and good. Not so much anymore. Ownership is just not getting it. I've had lots of conversations with Chris because I DO NOT want the local pub to close down. The place has been a ghost town as of late, and there are reasons why.  1. don't take away stuff that people enjoy doing. You may think it isn't profitable, but when people come to the bar and find a game they like, then they stay longer. Thus they drink more beer.  2. don't close earlier than you say you are going to, and don't cut kitchen service off early. People remember that. The next time they are hungry or thirsty they will go elsewhere that they know is open.   3. Train your employees. They used to make regular rounds on the patio and to the tables. Nowadays you are so understaffed that if you don't walk to the bar, you ain't getting a drink.  4. GET SOME FUCKING COORS LIGHT! You have been out of it EVERY time I've been there in the past month (9-10 times) and that is ridiculous. I hope you guys are reading this. I really do. You're going to mess up a good thing.
So, I grew up around horses... and (has anyone else noticed this?) the Rose and Crown has a smell that reminds me of a tack room.  Is this good or bad?  I do not know.  Fun for trivia, if a little crowded. Food is solid... but I would love to see some more vegetarian options. A girl can only eat so many grilled cheese sandwiches, you know.   Don't bother with dessert... they are clearly from the Costco freezer.
Fail.  They serve food till midnight, so we rolled through here at 11 PM on a First Friday.   The waiter kept forgetting things we asked for... water, menus, etc.   French fries - oops chips - tasted like they had been sitting out for a while. Cool and mushy... not my idea of a good chip.  My clam chowder was kind of thin though it tasted OK. It was lacking potatoes. Kinda weird.   Ordered a Strongbow cider on tap... and it's flat. Since the server was nowhere to be found, I went up to the bar. Bartender: "Oh the cider is usually a little flat! Don't worry about it!" (WHAAA???) Me: "No - it's really flat. I think my water is fizzier." Turns out it was the bottom of the tap and there's none left, and they aren't opening another till the next day. So no drinkey drinkey for Adam. Fail!   Friend ordered some sandwich, she seemed to like it but it didn't look too thrilling to me. So whatevs.  The wine list was pretty shallow. Other friend ordered some "fruity tart" type flavored white wine. She said it was "tinny" tasting and not good. Fail.  The pool table takes up way too much room such that it's impossible to sit around the wall and not be poked by sticks. After being poked 3x by this daft fool I tapped the back of his cue ball and messed up his shot on purpose, because I was about to get it in the ribs.   The paintings of the Queen and Churchill kind of suck, in a 7th grade kind of way. It looks like Queen E's hair is floating slightly above her head.   I will not be back!
DON'T GO TO THIS PLACE!  It lists itself as an English pub.  Traditionally, Fish & Chips is, or should be, a main attraction on the menu.  I ordered the special - a half order of fish & chips and a cup of French onion soup (they were nice enough to substitute French onion for the listed clam chowder).    To my mouth, the fish was inedible - I forced down 2 small bites before I (figuratively) threw it back.  The layer of cheese on the soup was thick enough to be measurable with a child's ruler - a small child's ruler.  Once I fought my way through the cheese, there were about 3 whole slices of bread in the soup.  Unfortunately, there was only 1 sliver of onion in the bowl.  The potatoes weren't bad - they were actually kinda tasty.    Worst excuse for a meal I've had in decades!  If you have to ask if I will go back, you haven't read this review.
based on the reviews  posted to the side, i wonder how this happens to be a place i truly enjoy and always end up at. I'm usually very particular, but maybe the big tips are bringing my experiences to a higher level of service than the norm. TRANSLATION= just because its an english bar, doesn't mean they have the VAT (value added tax=to you and me, this means tip) added in. tip the service and they will remember your name, or what you ordered, don't be bitchy (this is still just lil 'ole arizona people) and ask for it all at once. and please remember (not an excuse-just a fact) English are not known for their delicious food, they in fact have the most unlusted after cuisine. with that in mind....my review:  i love this place! everything is great (except for the beer battered items-unless you like taking a chug of beer right before you pop a piece of zucchini in your mouth) as a non-beer fan, i would hope that they had an alternative to the beer batter. i've had it other places and the strong beer taste is not there, so if your a beer lover, you will love the batter for it takes like straigh beer! the chips are tasty....they give you ranch too, and its delicious!  the best part about this place is the POOL TABLE!!!!! i'm an avid fan, player and choose this place many a time just for the table.   the place is a converted old historical house (used to be the SRP sponsored doll house back in 2001) they closed up the hallway and made it the bar area. each room is a different type of setting, such as the bar area with bar stools and a nice old bar, the game room with bar, the pool table room with stools and chairs and then the lounge area (or pub area) with tables, reminiscent of an english tavern (my favorite was right in the W1 area, on chambers i think).   for all you smokers, you will love the outside patio (takes up the entire front lawn) they have tons of tables, couches, chairs and bar stools out there, best of all you will be right in the center of downtown Phoenix, close to the new monorail....hello safe ride home!
1 Star for horrific parking   5 Stars for customer service... not only did they give me and my two drinking partners free drinks because it was one of their birthday's, but they ran out of lime juice partway through our vodka gimlet's and they proceeded to fresh squeeze limes so we could get the drinks we wanted   1 Star for running out of lime juice on a Friday night   4 Stars for a really cool outdoor seating area   1 Star for a weird ass location   What does that give us? 2.5 average. I'll be nice and round to 3.
There are alot of negative labels people throw on England and English culture, some true and some unfounded. Some of these are: poor weather, poor food, and poor women. If this place were actually British, you could throw on poor service as well.  Great location, poor service. They've got a pretty good selection of beers to choose from but the thing that kills this place for me is the service. I had to go up to the waitress to give my order and go to the cashier to pay my tab. It's not like the place was busy either. The only time she came to our table was to serve us our drinks. What's worse is that she just had an attitude the whole time too. It's a shame this place sucks because the area it's in is cool, as is the antique house it operates out of. Do yourself a favor and go hit up some other bar like Hanny's or even the bar across from this place.
every time i have been to the Rose and Crown it was a quick in and out..kinda like risky sex.  the last two visits i was able to experiance this place for more then a quicky and i have to say..i kinda like it.   Pros, awesome french dip slider sandwich thingy, Fish and Chips (everyone knows i hate fish, but this was tasty) average beer selection, outside Patio and wrap around seating area.  Cons, bathrooms..umm no beuno. specially after a guy dumped a duece..i was forced to breath ass air and it was not a good experiance. another Con is the somewhat inexperiance bar staff. if i ask for a Beamish..i expect the first person to tell me "no we don't have it" not the third person. size..it's kinda cramped on a busy night, and not enough room around the pool table.  i would have give 4 stars, but the cons kinda outweighed the pros. specially since my nose hairs are still curled from the experiance. but i doubt that is a every day occurance..
I see a lot of reviews stating how bad the service is here, and I suppose ours wasn't perfect as they had some issue with the vegetables back in the kitchen and I didn't get them until I was almost done with my meal.  That said, I thought the food and atmosphere and music in this place was excellent and I'll definitely come back.
It's all about the fish and chips. The four stars, that is.  Light and crisp and moist...  with malt vinegar on the chips.. Ohhh yeah, it's that good.  The other food I've had has been fine  - a couple salads, burger, sandwhich... good, but no shouting from the rooftops. The beer selection works for me (as long as there is Guiness, I'm happy).  Be sure to check out the chalk board in the bar - sometimes they have a "get a beer for 1 cent if your last name begins with...."  One day the magic letter was "W" - no kidding!
Salright.  Their menu is OK. I'm usually stuck ordering onion rings because I don't really go for anything else on the menu since they changed it up (no chicken fingers? What gives??). I would order the cheese plate but it's $13 freakin' bucks now!  4 stars since I come here every Wednesday...got to keep my brain in shape with TEAM TRIVIA. And it's within walking distance for me.
We popped in here for a brew while walking around heritage square. The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive. Note: if you just want a brew - you can order it inside! We went with a local Hefe and it was great! The options for noshing look great, but we were headed for dinner so we didn't get a chance to try them out! See you there soon!
WTF? No onion rings anymore?  They slashed their menu yet again. Not cool, RC, not cool.
Been to the Rose and Crown a couple of times now and have sampled some food. They have an extensive beer selection, including Sessions. It's an American lager. Very tasty! They also have Carlsberg, which I am told is the Bud Light of Europe. I still love it! The french fries are the TITS! They are so good I was unashamedly eating them off of someone else's plate without asking. I have had the Reuben and was uninspired. The corned beef was good, but overall just lacking. I guess that is what I get for getting a Jew sandwich at an Irish pub.   The decor is cool! There are futbol kits and scarves along the walls. Ya know soccer? Wonder if they show games there on the weekends? Do they have TVs? Oh well. The place is a little small, but quaint. They do have a nice patio that has ample space. Cool place to hang out on a spring night. I think they had live music too.
We visited the Rose & Crown on a lovely Sunday afternoon this past weekend and sat on the porch (http://twitpic.com/3ztjw ). The pub is located in Heritage square, across ye olde roade from Pizza Bianco. It is an old house that has been transformed into a bar/grill.  We did not try the food.  They have a good selection of brews, but all beers are $5.50 (or more?). Overall we just weren't that impressed with the place and will opt for other bars when we're in the area.
We did not have a good experience.  Apparently there was only one server and one cook on the Sunday afternoon that we visited the pub.  After waiting an hour for our food - an HOUR - the order was incorrect.  We were told it would be "another 10 minute wait" if we wanted the order corrected because that's how long it would take to "cook the fish".   Unbelievable.  To their credit, they did offer to comp our meal and we took them up on it.  However, between the obvious disorganization of the place and its lack of handicap accessibility, we won't be back.
The place has nothing to boast, other than being in a cute old house, that's it.  The beers are very expensive and the food sucks BOTH times we have gone there.  I will go back one more time as I have a 25% off coupon that includes beer, so we'll just have beer even though they have IPA only in the bottles and its about $1.50 more than most places.  I'd rather go to the George and Dragon honestly.
I love downtown Phoenix and how they've taken historic houses and made them into cute little restaurants and bars. Rose and crown is a perfect place to grab a few if you're waiting to get called into bianco. It's also great to meet up with girlfriends to play some pool. They have a good beer selection, and they make awesome bloody mary's at last call. I love coming here in the evening to sit out on the porch and sip a few beers.  As I've never eaten here, I can't vouch for the food. I've heard it's the standard pub fare, but nothing to wow you over.
I am a big fan!  Every experience is a good one here!  I think the food is great, and the atmosphere is so warm and inviting.  I see a lot of reviews talking about bad service, but I, myself, have never experienced that.    If you go, order a black velvet with sliders and ask for Rachel.  You'll love your trip
was just in yesterday and saw they now offer sunday morning breakfast from 10a-3p for -- wait for it -- $2! eggs, hash browns, sausage, bacon and get a bloody mary on the side for -- wait for it -- $2!. yeah!
This reminds me of my favorite bar in the world, Edison's. I like houses turned into bars. I felt like I was at my own house party playing Dio and Townes Van Zandt on the jukebox. The people that complained about this place have no legitimacy in their claims. Of course the beer is expensive, it isn't garbage beer. The service was fine. It was empty which made it nice. I had no idea it was a British bar.
So we took our British friends here last weekend (I know, I know...it's like taking your Italian grandparents to Olive Garden) and totally had a great time.  It's pretty far from being a "british pub" though.  As someone else said, it is more of a frat house with a bar in the middle.  Sure they have a picture of the Queen and some football scarves up on the wall but really, what gives people?  Pool but no snooker, throwball on the TV but no football, and way too many American beers.  They did have Strongbow and Newcastle so our group was very happy.  I have to say, the best part is that the pool was free.  It's really hard to find a place with a free pool table and now that I've found one, I think I'll be going back more often.  In any event, it was cleaner and more brightly lit than George & Dragon or Seamus so it gets extra points for me.  I also love the porch area where you can watch all of the idiots wait for Biancos.  Very nice.  Gotta go back and try the food!
Something about this place reminds me of house parties back in the day. This is a good thing, I realize that could be taken either way.  Perfect spot for an early Autumn evening in Phoenix. Chilled outside on a bench and enjoyed a tasty rouge beer, conversation and watching the bean bags fly.  I think beers on tap were 6ish which isn't cheap but I can't complain because I had the magic last name. They ran a special where if your last name started with "F" your beer was a quarter. I was impressed and I was truly happy with my last name at that moment.  Staff is super friendly and attentive, crowd is super fun. I'll be back next time the weather's right.
5 stars because they brought onion rings back, you can order chicken strips off the kids menu, and I'm here every single Wednesday.
We pulled up to the Rose and Crown, Sara and me looked at each other and shrugged our shoulders and got out of the car. The place is an old house converted into a small restaurant. There is a large inviting porch with seats and heaters. At just inside the door there is a welcome station that doubles as a host area. We ordered our drinks from here and headed out onto the porch. I ordered a beer, a kilt lifter to be precise. Sara asked for the cheapest cabernet and she received a large glass sporting one third of the bottle. We both decided to order the pub platter, half an order of fish and chips and a bowl of New England clam chowder. The service was fast and sitting on the porch felt comfortable. The food was great the portions were good and the price was fabulous. The parking was easy, on Sunday right in front of the pub. Any other day the Rose and Crown will be a little mote difficult to get to. Bill total was less than $30 bucks a bargain for a cozy little hangout next to ASU.
I'm so not a 'pub & grub' kinda gal, but since this place saved me 2 times during a Science Center visit = pretty ok.  You can walk across from AZ Science and make this kid friendly pit stop in the middle of the day - i really am not familiar with anything else that 'now it's the parents turn' sorta thing close by.  Fun pool table in 1 of the rooms.  Really good steak fries, fish and chips are good, and so is the french onion soup.  Since i am a wine drinker, this is not the place for wines by the glass, obviously it is a beer place, and me not being a beer drinker, not my cup of tea - ah~hem, pint that is....  sooo, all-n-all a fun thing to do after sacrificing for the kids!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits): 7 Food 9 *Drinks* 9 Service 8 Atmosphere 8 Value  One of the few places I've found that serve Tetley's beer (best described as a blonde Guinness).  This place is well positioned for and caters well to the crowd waiting 3 hours for a table across the way at Pizzeria Bianco.  However, the west side flow of R&C was much better when they had the dartboard.  (They took over that space to extend the bar.)  I would have given the pre-renovation R&C an extra star  :(
I gotta admit I'm liking my barhops around central Phoenix, there's plenty of great bars to hang out at and the Rose and Crown is no exception. Last night, I was hanging with my friends M and L and I was craving a pint of pilsner and the grilled cheese with tomato soup at the Roosevelt but sadly due to the really cold weather... and we got to Roosevelt at around 11sh... it was crowded and there were no empty tables... so I told my lady friends that we should check out the Rose and Crown and I'm glad we did!  Well... I could have gone to any bar like Lost Leaf or Carly's but I was also needing food... and I'm not sure what time the kitchen closes at Roosevelt either but found out the Rose and Crown pub, food ends at midnight. Loved the atmosphere,it's a converted house/cottage (very homey pun intended) with the front porch and the tables outside... too bad it was too cold, the heat lamps are great but I'd still be shivering (I was wearing a plaid shirt with a vest... yea not a good attire for the cold but I wanted to look good!). You step in and there's a bar straight ahead and you can either turn left to a pool table and another room with some tables, or right to a large room with a lone table and plenty of chairs with a flat screen and another room with a bar, three high tops and another nice flat screen. Service is prompt and the staff are friendly. Beer selection seems extensive but not as wide ranging as Roosevelt. I like that they ask how you like your snake bite understanding it's different in many places *nice touch*. The atmosphere is chill, laid back, you have a flat screen to enjoy a game. I ordered the fish and chips which were ordinary not bad though. And L got the grilled cheese which had tomato and bacon *yum*, she liked it. Both orders came with steak fries which were crunchy... not soggy... which is good. It's the pints that were good value... a pint of the sierra nevada celebration is like $3 and pint of snakebite is $5.50. so not bad at all. Overall I liked it and I will come back. see you again Rose and Crown.
Coming from Downtown Denver, i expect a hopping downtown scene and Phx has a lot to be desired.  (Its just far too segregated of a city and there are pockets of greatness, but vast expanses of useless nothing in between them which seems to make this a "must get in your car and drive" city.) That said, this was the first pub i visited when i moved into Downtown Phx, and i really loved it.  Great vibe... very cool space.  I love that the conversion of this old home into a pub makes the old rooms separate and gives each room its own identity.  Also, and quite importantly, they have a great beer selection.  It could be better, and in NY or Colorado i would probably bitch about this beer selection.  But given that AZ is pretty weak when it comes to craft brews, i was impressed with R&C.  I loved that they had Dogfish Head Punkin Ale in a bottle... i wish they had a bit more on tap, but i love that they at least knew what it was.  Also they had a 60 min IPA in a bottle... i hoped for a 90 min (knowing full well that a 120 min was totally out of the question.)  But again... 60 min Dogfish IPA in a bottle is awesome to find in a pub thats 3 blocks from my house.    I didnt eat the food, but anyone that is giving R&C a low rating because of the food is simply eating in the wrong place.  This isnt fine dining people... its bar food.  It looked as it should.  Jeezz..  I will certainly be back.  A personal thanks to the owners for creating a great space with good beer, a good vibe and no "No Firearms" signs at the door.
This pub, across the street from Pizzeria Bianco, has a great, old-style pub feel. Nestled in an old house in Heritage Square, the service is prompt ad generally friendly. I went with friends for #dtfn, and while I only ordered drinks (Guinness, of course) I'm looking forward to going back soon to try the food.
I had been here once before for a few late night drinks and had a great time (Great beer and great service! Also great music playing!)   After reading mixed reviews about the food I tried it one night. Two of us split the fish and chips, and it was more than enough food for both of us. SO GOOD, too! Not very "fried" tasting and not super heavy. Great food. Service was great, and environment was awesome. Live music saturday nights, as well. I will definitely be coming back here again, soon!
I had to revise my review - The Rose and Crown has revised their menu, and, my friends, it is not good.   I love me some pub trivia - my husband and I have been going for several years, and it is just fun! The Rose and Crown has the potential for some quality pub trivia time, but the latest MC sucks. Slow, horrifyingly bad at reading the questions, slow. Slow.   This would be redeemed by some decent food to keep us occupied, but alas, R & C's food is terrible. There is one single vegetarian option on the menu: Mixed greens with shredded cheese, terrible looking tomatoes, and cucumbers. The kind of salad that vegetarians make jokes about - seriously, R&C, you are mere blocks from the Downtown Phoenix Public Market, you have no excuses for the vegetable suckage.   If you ask for a grilled cheese (which is NOT on the menu), it comes with bacon - and is super greasy and disgusting (even when you ask them to remake you one without the bacon).   so, I am not really in a hurry to go back.
For those of us that work in the downtown area, this is a good place to stop for a drink after a long day in the office.  Sitting on the patio was nice. The service was okay. I was excited to try the sliders, but they were a little late getting to the table. By the time I did get them, I really liked the way the cucumber and tomato brought out the horseradish. It was great! They were a little light on the meat, but I was still happy. We also had some fries (or chips), onion rings, and wings; all were great!  I wasn't as impressed as I thought I'd be, but I will still go back!
First off, I love any business that takes an old house and turns it into something new so Rose and Crown gets a point before I even get there.  When I did arrive, along with 4 other peeps, I was immediately impressed by it's charm. There are 4 rooms in the house with the bar in the middle. Two rooms have bar stools and high top tables, one room has regular tables, and one room has a pool table. Something for everyone! There are also many table outside on the big porch. The atmosphere is comfy, like you're hanging at a friend's house. A friend that happens to have built a bar in the middle of their house but whatever.  My friends and I were there for trivia (Wednesday nights) so we settled in knowing we were going to be there awhile and ordered some dinner. The menu is what you'd expect - Shepard's Pie, Bangers and Mash and Fish and Chips. I opted for the Pub Plate with was a half order of fish and chips and a bowl of clam chowder. It turned out to be a very potato heavy choice. The plate was loaded with fries or chips as it were and the piece of fish was pretty big too. Even the bowl of soup was a decent size - bigger than a cup anyway. The chips were good - thick but done all the way through - nothing worse than undercooked fries. The fish was good but the breading on it was kinda weird. I'm used to it being kinda crispy and this was very bready. It had a consistency I was not expecting. The chowder was good but I didn't get many clams. Lots of potato. But it was pretty good, not amazing, but good.  The trivia was fun but the trivia guy needs to figure out the sound and how to work his mic. At times he was hard to understand and when we played music in between questions it was SO loud that it was irritating and impossible to carry on a conversation. If we had not been there specifically for trivia it would have been really annoying.
I really, really, really wanted to like this place.  Atmosphere was nice, cool with the little nooks and crannies.  Beer selection was good, if they had it in stock.  Apparently when I went last week they were having problems with the keg deliveries.  However, my husband and I had dinner and it was awful!  My burger tasted like a preformed, frozen patty.  McD's is way better.  I asked for cheddar cheese and got a pinch of melted shredded cheese on top.  WTF?  How weird is that?  My husband had bangers and mash - yes, he's CRAZY, but he lived in England for a long time and was missing it (Sausage and mashed potatoes for the dirty minds).  He said it was beyond mediocre.  I might give it 1 more try, but likely not soon...So sad!
Went yesterday as part of The Brides of March event(an incredibly fun time!) They were expecting us.There were a lot of us! We got there around 3 ish and stormed the place in a tsunami of white wedding gowns. At first I was concerned as the place was on the smaller side and there was already a bunch of partiers sporting green togas hanging out. Well,not only was there enough space in the various rooms inside,but the outside area was very relaxing,inviting and pleasant. The staff was great and managed to get everyone served quickly. I so wanted to take the painting of Malcolm Mc Dowell as Alex from "A Clockwork Orange "home with me. Fantastic Artwork,great atmosphere,amazing satff and a killer music selection. As I was sitting outside enjoying the weather,I noticed a long line of people waiting at someplace across the way.I asked someone who informed me that it was the infamous Pizzaria Bianco.And wasn't going to be open for about an hour at least! A Line?Halfway down the block?And the place ain't even open yet? Okay,the pizza may be good.It may be even really really good. But with all the options in Phoenix for food and you sheeple are going to stand in line...For a fucking slice of pizza??? Yeah,just keep gawking at the folks across the way at Rose and Crown having a great time while you stand in your lame ass pizza line! I will go back to Rose and Crown another time when I'm not part of a group of 100 to sample the food.
I must say that we found this place by association to it's neighbor, Pizzeria Bianca.  WOW, SO glad we ended up here.  It was a comfortable evening we sat out on the porch with it full.  It really felt like a great hangout place.    Food, we had the Fish and Chips and they were great.  Their tartar sauce was unique but good.  Coleslaw was good as well.   Beer selection, GREAT!  I'm from Seattle and we have MANY pubs that have at least 10 local brews on tap as well as some bigger brands.  These guys had some great local beers on tap as well as some great imports from England.  We had a Boddingtons, Newcastle Brown, and Four Peaks Heff and Kilt lifter!  If someone has good recommendations for good local area brews I'm all ears.  I would go again just to sit and watch the CRAZIES trying to wait 3-5+ hours for a table at the pizza hole across the way.
Made my first trip to the Rose & Crown last night and I can't wait to go back!   I had a friend from out of town in Peoria on business and we were looking for a good place to meet in the middle. I suggested we check this place out since I heard good things.   The Good - Beer selection. This place has a great selection between draft and bottles and the prices are not bad either. I also love the charm of the building. As previous reviews state, it has a large front patio/porch and a bar when you first walk in the door. Each of the 4 other rooms is unique and equally comfortable. We also did the trivia and unlike previous reviews, i thought it was fun and the MC was not dry at all. Park in the garage on Monroe and 6th st and you can get validated for cheap parking even on game nights. Also, if you are into waiting hours and hours for fancy pizza, this is your best place to wait at!   The Bad: Coming down on a game night can have bad traffic and if you aren't aware that you can park for cheap with validation in the Monroe and 6th st garage, you may overpay for parking. If you stay late enough, the parking ends up being free! That's really the only negative thing I can think of and if you are reading this, you are now educated on where to park so you don't make the same mistake as me!   Overall: I can't wait to go back!!
I have been here a few times now and I am proud to say that I wasn't because I was waiting 3 hours for pizza. [Ok, so I have not been to Pizzeria Bianco and I am still not convinced I need to go yet either, I challenge someone to convince me otherwise. :P]   I enjoy meeting friends here or extending my walk home from work to take in a beverage or 2 here occasionally. I have yet to try the food here yet but it looks good and people seem to enjoy the traditional pub favorites. I enjoy the patio and the simple pub feel on the interior is way chill. Every time I have been there the service has been good even when they are a bit short staffed because their servers didn't show.  Very chill and far from pretentious (the only thing pretentious about this place are some of the patrons waiting 3 hours for pizza...lol).
Trivia on wednesdays is fun.  Ever changing menu gets old, because they never have your favorites.  Service is hit or miss.  They always place good music, and pour a good pint.
Went to Rose and Crown with the @downtownphoenix pub crawl.  Nice place. A bit cramped in the front door/bar area, but once you get into the back rooms, it opens up a bit.  I only had drinks, but the prices were quite reasonable.  The outside area was infested with college-kid douchebags. That may not always be the case, but it certainly was that night.  I have definitely wanted to visit this pub, and I am looking forward to going on a less douche-filled night.  I will be back.
Not bad. Had a couple pints of Fullers and a burger. The place is pretty cool but more a pub on name than reality. All though I did give them an extra star for having a Manchester United flag hanging inside.    Food was decent a so was the service. I'd drop in next time I'm around.
By far my favorite Pub in Phoenix! Small warm atmosphere, Friendly staff, Great Food, great drinks. One of those places that you meet a new friend every time you go! 6 Stars and 3 thumbs up!!
We decided to check out this place for a drink or 2 while waiting for Bianco.  Eh...the inside was so hot..they couldn't find the remotes to the ceiling fans, (really?). My husband got a draft beet and I went with bottled, both were room temp. We gave them another chance or ordered another round, both were warm again.  The limes for my beer were crusty and gross.  I didn't even want to think about eating here if they can't keep the beer cold what is the cooler like?  Next time we are waiting at Bianco we will stay at Bar Bianco where the keep the beer cold!
I enjoyed this place, it's a nice little Brit themed pub that has a huge selection of reasonably priced import brews.  The decor inside is very comfortable, and inviting; big leather chairs, billiard table, the works. The outdoor seating is sprawling and should def be taken advantage of in cooler months. The bar tenders are good looking and savy, they're know their beer. Why the 3 star rating? well........ idk maybe; it's because i felt like a labour party member attending a meeting for the tories. maybe; it's because my loyalities lay w/ the George and Dragon. maybe; it's because the walk there was a little confusing and the heat had addled my brain all in all an "A-OK" place but, according to me, definitly not "whoohoo! as good as it gets!"
The first day of our visit we searched out The Rose and Crown, English Pub.  When I had presearched before our trip out here, I saw that they had Scotch Eggs.... mmmmm one of MY favorites!!  Well we got to the Pub, and I didn't know that it was "Trivia Night".  The place was packed... the only seating was outside, and even though it was in the early evening it was still HOT.  We were disapointed but decided to go ahead and sit outside at one of the picnic tables with the umbrellas.  We found one under one of the "water misters" (which we really appreciated) and it turns out that we were very comfortable and enjoyed the evening.  It turns out that, they were out of Scotch Eggs... we were told by the staff that they are very popular and sell out quickly...mmmmm  I would think if they are that popular and sell out that quickly I would be sure to make more... and have plenty on hand. (Just a thought to management)  Disappointed about that, we were still happy with our meals.  I decided to try the Shepherds Pie.  It was very good, with LOTS of meat and potato... found some greenbeans in the bottom, but didn't notice too much of any other vegetables in it.  Asparagus was on the side (and stayed there.... ;)  The selection of beer was basically endless, however don't look for Yuengling beer, as it isn't there.  But you won't be dissapointed in the selection.  You'll find something you like.  I would recommend that you check this place out.  You might call ahead to make sure there isn't anything going on that will keep you from being inside.  Speaking of which, we never got past the entry hallway area on the inside.  From what I could see it looked like it could be a great place to hang out.  Guess I'll find out on another trip.  Cheers!!
The beer selection is a bit mainstream British but it's good.  The fish and chips were rad and the building is incredible.  The only thing that I really don't like is that it's in Heritage Square and I have to look at all the fools who think that waiting 8 hours for a shitty pizza is cool.
Great beer, really good food and no wait. Ok yes it was noon on a Sat but that can be hard to find any day of the week, at any time.
This is in a great location in central phoenix near the light rail and Heritage Square. It is a smaller British themed pub. My girlfriend and I stopped in on a Sunday to partake in an afternoon of football and drinks. It was a great balance for us since I enjoy the fruitier, lighter drinks like the $3 mimosa's, while my girlfriend sipped on the reasonably priced import brews. Inside it was sectioned into 4 different areas to include two bar style seating areas, a game room of sorts and a dinning room all centered around T.V.'s. It was great for watching the game we went to watch and keeping tabs of the other teams playing. The staff was accommodating and changed the T.V. to one of the less popular games at our request. I sunk into a big leather chair near a window facing the outdoor area of the pub. There was outdoor games and BBQ in celebration of the afternoon games. While I'm not really a football fan, the staff and atmosphere made my afternoon not only bearable, but enjoyable!
OK, not knowing what to expect when walking up to the RC when I saw a courtyard full of people mulling around, I thought a relaxed, quiet meal was shot to hell! Lucky for us, all the peeps walking around (seeming "Zombie-like") were waiting on Pizzeria Bianco, the Pizza place across the way!  OK Back to the review of RC.. I have to agree with Francis L.. Good sliders, fish was below average BUT the Wedge Fries are awesome!! The fish itself was OK, but the breading was watery as if steamed from the inside! I was totally bummed because It had a good flavor.. but was inedible! The 'Tartar' sauce was another huge hit! not a creamy sauce but liquidy with tons of Cucumber chunks... The Onion Rings are worth a try.. and they have a nice Horseradish- ranch sauce. We sat inside, nice decor... you gotta like the English Pub look which is fine by me! We'll be back for sure!! Nutshell- Nice Bar menu, good bar food- GREAT drinks!! Great people watching spots from front porch area... Defiantly worth repeat visits!
if i could give this 2.5 stars i would...just because of the bar staff. they were great and attentive, even though it was extremely busy.   first time there tonight, after participating in the zombie walk we went over there for some beer/food. i have never been here before and only heard good things. we show up, get our beers and waiting around for a little bit before getting a table. no problems at the bar area, even though we had to wait a few minutes that wasnt a problem. the bartenders were extremely nice, and moved the line quickly. the beer selection was good, and i have no complaints about the price.  find a table and sit down to get some more beers and order some food. now those of you that have been there before know its a small place. the room we sat in only had 4 tables. there was a menu sitting on the table already so we all decided what we wanted before our waiter came to us....which never happen.  i know they were busy, and i wasn't expecting super fast service. but when you are the only waiter in the room, and there are only 4 tables you would think someone would notice when there are new people. when we sat down only 1 of the tables was occupied, leaving 3 unoccupied. 45 minutes later our waiter still has not come to acknowledge us. as the other tables filled up he came to all of theirs first and never to us. people got their food, ate and left. when a new group would sit down he would go directly towards them and ask them what they needed etc. finally someone in my group had to yell to get his attention "hey! can we order something?" at this point he finally turned around and said "ok what would you like"....really? 45 minutes to an hour later and after making eye contact with me multiple times, walking in and out of the room at least 20 times, serving/asking all the other tables your finally ready? unacceptable.   we finally get our food and beers that we ordered. no real complaints about the food...i really didnt care at this point. when we asked for our bill then he was prompt to get it. i paid cash and my other friends paid with their debit cards. i needed change....after explaining to him which items were mine, and how i wanted change he wandered off and returned. 2 debit cards/receipts later....and no change for me. i got up from the table, and asked him where my change was "oh you wanted your change back?"...."yes i did..."...reached into his pocket and gave it back to me. never had that happen to me before.   rose and crown...i really want to like you. i hope i will come back sometime, maybe not for food unless you get a better wait staff. busy or not its pretty bad when your waiter completely ignores a group of customers for no reason.
The Rose and Crown is the bar I have most frequented save for Amsterdam in Phoenix.  Unlike Amsterdam, R&C is very versatile.    The Rose and Crown is best on Sunday mornings or Wednesday evenings.  Sundays they serve a hearty $3 breakfast (potatoes, eggs, toast, bacon and sausage) and $3 mimosas and bloody marys.  Wednesday they do team trivia and it is always a good time.  Just make sure that I am not there because my team almost always wins.  The bar is a cool spot overall with fun outdoor and indoor seating, a pool table, and come St. Paddy's day, a great festival.  The fish and chips are pretty tasty, but the rest of the food is just standard bar fare.  In fact, the menu is a bit limited in my opinion.  They do have lots of beer on tap and there are some great happy hour specials.  The parking looks to be a mess, but since I live close enough to walk, I have never had to figure that conundrum out.
Thanks to the excellent service of Kimmy (gosh i hope i spelled that right!) and the several return trips i've made here since my last review I'm gonna go ahead and dish out 5 stars yeah yeah yeah "But Robert, the majority of your reviews are tending towards the 5 star rating!" "well detractor, I just happen to frequent kick ass places, so f#ck you next question!"
Love the atmosphere.  Looks like an old house converted to an English Pub.  Fish an chips are excellent!  Overall, great feel, good food!  Worth the trip.  One other plus is the owners.  Don and Kori are two amazing people who actively get involved with their guest to ensure the best of experiences!
Went there to drink and we were brought there by a free bus that takes patrons around to the bars (the bars most likely pay for this service). It has quite a lot of character and the place is in such a beautiful area. We were able to play a round of pool virtually unmolested. It was also a strange mix of people there but we still enjoyed ourselves.
In the weird, desolateness that is this area of Phoenix, there's this small little block with cute restaurants and bars.  We wandered in on New Year's Day and were pleased to see that they were open.    We ordered beer and easily settled into hanging out here for quite a while. The waitress was friendly and helpful and even agreed to turn off the football game and crank up the tunes.  We had the sausage roll, which was awesome with the beer.  Made me wish I could transport this place to SF.
My group stumbled in here a bit after 10pm last Saturday night during a light rail pub crawl.  We forgot to stop somewhere for dinner and we were starving.  After searching the streets of downtown Phoenix for a suitable place, we found ourselves by the still-crowded Pizzeria Bianco.  I knew it was a few minutes after 10pm and the place was "closed" but I pleaded with the hostess to let us in for a quick pizza to no avail.  So, after walking a few steps, we found ourselves at The Rose and Crown which to our surprise was still serving food.  As an added bonus it was some sort of 80's night and everyone but us was dressed in 80's gear.  We all just popped our collars and tried to fit in.  It was a real random mix of people there but they were all friendly.  Anyway, we ordered up a few pints and a bunch of artery clogging bar food.  We were also lucky enough to score a nice table in one of the rooms.  And in regard to one of the Yelp posts on here, no, they still have not found the remote to the giant fan in that room.  It was so friggin hot and that fan would have been amazing.  We ordered some fries, chicken wings, and potato skins and everything was 'eh.  I didn't think it was very good bar food.  Pretty bland.  HOWEVER, it did come very quick somehow.  I also remember that the jalapenos they put on some of the stuff were hot as heck so watch out.  Anyway, it was quick and hit the spot so we were happy.  The place itself is pretty neat.  It is just an old house with a bar in the middle.  There is seating inside and out.  The place is pretty chill but nothing too spectacular.  I'm not sure I'll rush back but it is definitely worth a stop if you are in the area.
Worst, slow service ever....especially with almost no one in the place. Food was average at best and thats being kind. Skip it if you are looking to eat or get a drink.  Just an update: I (as well as a friend who wrote a review of the day) were contacted (I didn't see my message until today oops) and offered refunds and gift certificates. Now this seems all well and fine-I do appreciate them trying to make the most of the situation-but my friend is still waiting for a refund and/or certificate. So we shall see. If I could take away my star for more non-service then I would.
Don't ever eat here. I'll never go back. It only got one star specifically because it did serve me food and drink. Unfortunately, the service was horrible (and i'm a server) - and it took over 1.5 hours for us to get four sandwiches. We got no explanation and no apology. We were only able to get one beer refill during that period of time. And for four people, our bill ended up being a ridiculous amount of money! Don't do it...you'll hate yourself after wards.    I'm pretty sure everyone else giving it five stars must be sleeping with someone that works there.
Oh the British. They are so nerdy, but this place is a great place to grab some delicious food! I love these old houses-turned restaurant; it makes for a cozy setting. I could even go as far as saying, you'd get a different feeling or experience every time you went, if you sat in a different spot (good stuff, not bad).   When I experienced R/C it was on a Saturday afternoon, and it was pretty disappointing to find they only had 2 servers and 2 or 3 kitchen staff. So basically they were slow to take our order, and then the food wait was about 30 minutes behind too. Luckily, Travis and I weren't in too much of a rush, but we did spend a lot of time there. I got their Turkey bacon sandwich with avocado and pesto mayo - OMG! It was amazing. Their wedge fries - also delicious!   I will definitely come back for seconds and hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
Decent food, bad service, dirty bathroom and chairs that fall apart  We decided to go here because it's right next to the museum but will never go back.  The service was bad, it looked like they didn't have enough servers on to handle the amount of tables. We never got drink refills and eventually ended up going to the bar to get them even though we had asked the server for them but he never brought any.  The picnic table we sat at was unstable and I was afraid the entire time we were there that the bench was going to break at any second. The table next to us ended up falling through their chair though, luckily no one was hurt.  The food was alright but, not good enough to go back for a second time.   My boyfriend complained about the dirty bathroom. If he complained about it, it was bad!  I suggest going down the street to find something better, anything will be better than here.
POOR SERVICE.  It was busy for a Saturday I guess -- the Body World exhibit had just opened and no other restaurant in the area was open. They had 1 bartender on staff and 2 servers it seemed. They did not do a good job of managing their time. One of the servers, a short Asian girl, seemed to keep telling people that they were short staffed and really busy. She seemed to be more flustered than anything else. She could have taken a moment to gather herself and just roll with it.   I just asked for a soda, and as she was putting ice in the cup, I told her I didn't need that much ice in it, to which she replied "It will melt."  What a fucking bitch! Are you serious? Did you just speak that way to a customer? She's definitely in the wrong industry and I hope she's one of the college students there that's going to graduate and get a job in a sector that doesn't involve people -- like Astrophysics or Botany. She was definitely not a people person.  The other gentleman there seemed to be busing tables and running around, making drinks etc. He seemed pleasant enough.  Another server, a young white girl, was pretty keen on the needs of the customers -- why couldn't we get her? I don't know. She seemed to not be that stressed and was taking things in stride, albeit taking her sweet time as well.  Overall, VERY poor service. I kind of want to write the owner and tell them how much their waitstaff sucks. I just might.
In theory I love Rose & Crown: Good people, good beer, good location, etc.   But sometimes they fail the service test, albeit unintentionally, due to staff and space challenges.  When it's not packed and I can enjoy steady service from the pool room or out on the porch, life is just about perfect. However, if I'm jammed inside with 100 other people vying for the same bartender's attention, I kinda want to take my ball and go home.  So when you go to Rose & Crown, which I enthusiastically suggest you do, temper your expectations based on how busy it is.   All that said the food is dependable, the beer selection is legit, and it's an ideal place to check out a weekend soccer match or even Sunday NFL football.
started going there from the beginning, i wish they would have more of their costume parties, those are always grand   if you know the owners tell them i can help market this place is dope
It's a neighborhood British pub, people. Nothing more, nothing less, and for this I love it. The food is predictably tasty, with especially delicious onion rings. Their BBQ sauce is tangy/spicy perfection. The beer and wine selection is, again, predictable but perfectly adequate. I have never once had bad service here, and in fact everyone who works there seems pretty rad, genuinely cool. Whenever I come here, I invariably run into someone I know - like frigging Cheers. Who can complain?  Minus part of a star because veggie options are limited (not that I'm completely complaining when I'm in the mood for a greasy grilled cheese) and it's one of those places where people think it's okay to bring children. It's a BAR.
Due to my goof (okay, I admit I was late to try and grab a table at Bianco's and the wait ended up being 3+ hours, we had time to kill.  The food at the bar next to Bianco's wasn't going to cut it, especially with two hungry boys in tow.  We decided to pop on over to Rose and Crown for a few beers and some cheesy fries.  One of the beers ended up being only 25 cents due to the fact that our friend's last name began with a "D", they run this special and change the last name often so that it always is a random surprise.  Another great thing, we went on a Wednesday night and it was team trivia night.  While we didn't do so hot on the trivia, the beers and fun made the way for Bianco's fly by. The food is pub food and we didn't want to fill up so we got some cheese fries mostly to soak up some of the Boddingtons.  Overall, it helped to contribute to a great night and helped put folks in a better mood to overlook my mess up on Bianco's.
We went to the Science Center for their body exhibit and then walked around to find something to eat. We chose The Rose and Crown because it was close, not too fancy and the music pouring out was great. We ate out on the beautiful porch of this amazing house and although we don't drink, we were welcomed and enjoyed the experience. I asked the waiter for his dinner suggestion and went with it (fish and chips), my husband ordered the shepherds pie. Both were quite delicious. I even took the time to use the restroom and to see the inside of the restaurant and enjoyed the ambiance throughout the pub.  I will definitely be back with friends to enjoy again.
I love this place; and it has to do with more than just having a blast every Wednesday night for Team Trivia (aka QUIZ NIGHT!).  The food is good, not great, prices are very reasonable, but I LOVE the beer selection.  I have been able to have Oaked Arrogant Bastard, Dave's Pale Ale, Dogfish Head's Raison D'etre, and all at reasonable prices!  The staff can always offer a good suggestion if you are willing to try something new (to drink).  The english pub interior/intimacy, and the staff, are great.  So far has been the most enjoyable pub we have been to since moving to Arizona. It is one of those places where the pub is a perfect setting for good friends to catch up and have a drink; they (the staff) don't try to entertain you, that is left up to you (which to me is a good thing).  The only, occasional drawback, is the Pizzeria Bianco crowd.  Since the restaurant is just across the courtyard from the R&C, and it always seems to have a multiple hour wait, you will have issues on occasion getting a chair because of people who are only there until their table is ready.
This place is so cool! I love the atmosphere, it was like walking into a big house party. We sat outside on the big beautiful porch, I love the general seating, just grab a menu and have a seat!   Delicious beer selection and foods you won't find just anywhere. The scotch eggs are probably the most unique thing I've had there, very yummy.
I've been to the Rose and Crown a handful of times, usually after improv events, as it seems to be the go to place. Never have I sat inside, which is always an indicator to me that a place is worthy of repeat visits. Patios are in... indoors are out!  The selection is typical pub, and always has something I want, but I do always get sad face when a place doesn't carry ginger ale. Ginger ale is not only easy to make (and no, I'm not referring to the fake make it with coke way.. WTF is that?) but a fantastic mixer with all types of alcohol.   If you want a good place to socialize that's kinda crazy but not too crazy, this is a great choice!
As soon as I walked in I was in love. This bar made me feel like I was back home, with all of the original wood work and the smell of an old house. That may not be a draw for all but I miss the feeling of experiencing something historical; that is hard to find in Phoenix. The bar staff were chatty and friendly, food was good and the beer selection was pretty great, too.  I'll be going back again soon for the English breakfast and Bloody Mary Sunday
My favorite place to hang out in Phoenix.  Great beer, traditional fair, great wait staff.  Love to hang out on the patio on a warm evening eating shepherd pie and drinking a bitter.
I am giving this place one star because apparently you cannot leave a "zero star".  First off, I must assume that the good reviews for this place are due to the fact that most people in Arizona aren't familiar with authentic "Pub Grub". Therefore, I forgive my foodie brethren from the Grand Canyon State. We arrived here on a Sunday night while visiting family in AZ to eat at Bianco's, only to find that it was closed. Seeing a "British Pub" across the street, my wife and I decided to try it out since we are avid fans of British food. We stood at the entrance for about 5 minutes as the waitress chatted with patrons at the bar. She finally saw us and we were seated. I ordered a bottled beer, and it arrived with no glass. I requested one, and she returned with a hot beer glass straight out of the dish washer. As any beer advocate can attest, you don't want a hot glass for your beer (or an ice cold one for that matter, unless of course you are drinking a lager, but I digress.) My wife ordered the french onion soup, and I the Fish and Chips, since no Pub is Worth its weight in ale if it can't produce adequate Fish and Chips; for it is a Brit Pub staple and I judge all Pubs by their Fish and Chips.  After what seemed like an eternity, our food arrived, and it was definitely not worth the wait. My wife took once sip of her soup and said "this is Lipton's instant soup mix." She called the waitress and asked if it was "Lipton's french soup mix" and the waitress replied with "I don't know." My wife requested that she ask the chef, and the waitress returned and confirmed that it was indeed "Lipton's French Soup Mix." We requested that it be taken off our bill.  Now for the real dagger in my foodie heart. I looked at my "Fish and Chips" only to find a burned brown piece of batter, dripping of stale deep fryer oil, and potato wedges. Not English chips, potato wedges, like the frozen wedges one can buy at the store. I attempted to take a bite of the fish, and oil dripped down my hand and arm, and a pool of rancid oil filled my plate. The fish batter was burnt and tasteless, and somewhere inside it was a piece of fish (I didn't bother looking for it). I called the waitress back and expressed my grievances of its lack of authenticity as well as its burned and greasy state. Her response? "Well, it is deep fried" she said in a sarcastic tone. I explained that I understood that, but deep frying to the point that oil is dripping down my arms and pooling on my plate is not acceptable, not to mention by the smell that the oil was in dire need of changing. I then asked if the owner was British, because I could not fathom any Brit allowing such culinary atrocities.  Her response was again, in a dull sarcastic tone, "No, but the owner's Mother-in-law is." She later returned to apologize and stated that the low quality was due to lack of business. How one attempts to stay in business by lowering quality standards is beyond my comprehension. Suffice to say we paid for the beer and left and will never return here again.
Sat on the deck on a beautiful, sunny day and fed the cat.  She wasn't a fan of the onion rings - but my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed these! The Horseradish/ranch dip is amazing! A couple of lemonade to wash it all down....a nice snack in the afternoon.  Can't give a 5 star - didn't really sit long enough or try enough variety to rate any higher. Would visit again.
I'm in town for business and The Rose and Crown was very close to my hotel. I didn't find it the first night, so I was very excited on the second night to try it out (I love British pubs after all).  The pub is a converted old house, with the various rooms serving as dining room and bar area. The place had a lot of potential from the very minute you walk in.  But then the fiasco that is "service" came crashing down on the remainder of the evening. I have weighing the prospect of what it would mean to replace servers with robots. Sure I would miss the great servers, but I would also miss the piss-poor ones too (tough choice).  I ordered the Ploughman's, a cheese, cracker, bread and fruit plate with a half order of Scotch egg - I lord how I love Scotch eggs and I told the bartender so. My bartender took my order and another one delivered it without a word about how they were out of Scotch eggs. I asked, as I should about the missing delight and they simply said they were out and offered me a banger instead.   I explained that the Scotch egg was the whole reason I ordered the plate in the first place and I got a blank stare. I lost out on the best part of the meal and I barely got so much as an apology.   After that, both bartenders basically ignored me the rest of the time I was there, including having to watch as they both carried on conversations with various individuals while I attempted several times to request another cider.   When the bill came, of course they charged me full price for the Ploughman's.  When I discovered this Asian restaurant next door that was cooking outdoors on the grill with a live band (oh the smell was wonderful), I immediately got a case of buyer's remorse.   Stay away from this tragedy - they got better British pubs in BF Egypt.
So you're hearing from your SO that they want a burger, and you just want a beer without the usual sports bar fare, but something genuinely tasty? Yeah, here's your spot.   If you've been lucky enough to go to England and eat in a Pub, you'll agree that this is the best reproduction you can get in town.   Fish and chips are still the best, don't be shy with the malt vinegar. Cole slaw is also the real deal.   Leave the weight watchers points counting at home though as you won't really enjoy the true experience.
A special thank you to ownership of this establishment for following up to improve the service provided. I'm certainly not here to raise havoc or land some free meal or refund. My goal is to honestly rate my experiences and help improve service (if needed) so places can learn and thrive. Thanks for reading and taking an interest in your customers, and working to resolve issues that were not up to the potential I know you have.
The Rose and Crown and I used to have something special. I would arrive, have a nice glass of wine and relax on the patio. Maybe my perspective back in the day was jaded by some lovely evenings with a cool breeze and great conversations- therefore not noticing what was actually going on around me.  Well- this was all shattered last night. So listen up management as I would hate for this bar with so much potential to come to a close due to a multitude of fixable issues. Especially in downtown, as I am a huge fan of the area and root for the businesses here... If they give a small ditch effort for me to do so.  Whew, onto the nitty gritty. We walk into quite the scene of disorganization. We had a large group so didn't mind waiting for a table. Hubs and I wait on the lower deck as my brother and his gf sit upper deck so we can grab a table (no list to be sat, etc). We hover by a tree and talk to another nice couple having a drink waiting for a table at Bianco. A waitress (I'm feeling nice so she shall remain nameless) walks by and says "it's busy and you are in my way...haha... But really I'm not kidding". Um WTF!? Where would you like us to go? The planter? (and yes we did stand in the planter and now my shiny white shoes for the summer are covered in dirt and scuffed up).  So while standing in the planter we notice some tables to the side of the patio. Long bench tables and ask about them. We are told they are "broken". Well freaking fix them or move them then! What a ton of lost business by not throwing a few more seats out there.  About an hour later we finally get a seat. Now mind you, I still have not had a drink as neither server who knew we were waiting for a table offered one. That's again, money lost management, as in this hour I would have at least had two.  So Ms. Friendly "get out of my way" ends up being our server. She obviously hated her job. She was slow, rolled her eyes at bringing us water (sorry it's a freaking 100 degrees outside), and obviously just wanted to go home.  To add to this not so awesome experience we sit on the bench of the table and it breaks. Now mind you, we are not overly large people by any means. So we figure out some seating plan where no one gets stabbed in the ass with a wood sliver by balancing our weight. What does our server say? "Oh yeah, that table is broken". (Thanks for the heads up) I get a glass of 13 dollar wine in (yep, and I think it was Glen Ellen) and think to myself I will just make the best of this. I go in and ask if they have dessert. I'm told no, they are out.. I ask if they have anything that might be sweet or somewhat resemble a dessert. No. It's my brother's birthday and I think everyone should have a birthday dessert or something to make it special. Rose and Crown apparently doesn't think so.  If I could give them 0 stars I would. I guess they can have the mandatory one star for the cute kitty that was playing around in the back that they feed and care for. Hope that little kitty doesn't like dessert! :)  Steer clear until these issues are fixed unless you like piss poor service, falling on the ground, dirty feet, and overpriced drinks.
Always quality +Great food
I love this little pub. I love it for it's location / proximity to the ballpark and within walking distance to other establishments. I love this place for it's quaint-ness and the fact that as soon as you walk like 4 feet through the doorway, you can order a beverage. I love this place for the simple fact that it was one of the first bars/pubs I went to with friends when I first moved here (insert nostalgia). I love the beer selection (local brew on tap) + half off burger Mondays + $3 breakfasts after 10 on Sunday (also bloody marys and mimosas for the same price).  My only complaint is directed at myself for not being available to go to the Rose and Crown every Sunday morning!!
Almost a five star bar but I'm a beer snob, but more on that in a bit.  There is something to be said about a good bar (haha, get it? Goodbar).  The kind if place where you can toss back some cold ones with people that are fun. The conversationalist. The cute girl who is bubbly and has something interesting to say. Your wingman. And of course, if she's in town, your best friend lady.   The Rose and Crown is the place where you should hang out with all of them.   I popped in here to get myself a little sauces up before the Yelp Eats UYE, which was next door at Nobuo.   Immediately, the absolutely adorable bartender Kim, came up and promptly took my drink order and made me feel welcome. I'd probably have made more conversation with her but other patrons showed up. Sounds like this is an interesting place.  It's similar to Nobuo in that it's a historic house and laid out as such. A little musty, but quaint, yet awesome. Very English. You'll see images of Benny Hill and James Bond.   This place is badass like that.  Ok, the beer was slightly piss warm and flat. Something was clearly wrong with the draft line. I know a little something or two about the mechanics of it because fun fact...I've built a draft system before.  I don't mind. I'll stick to hard liquor next time. I loved the vibe so much. This is the perfect place to get hosed.
I have to say the main reason my friends and I make this a regular stop on our weekly happy hour circuit is Kirstin (the waitress with the yellow shock of hair). She was our waitress our first group visit and she was excellent in helping us navigate the beer/drink menu and order enough food. Our glasses were never empty and she always had a smile and a fun comment for the table. We all enjoyed her thoroughly and have since come back to the Rose and Crown for her alone.  Because after all, this bar is not easy to access. It costs money to park in the garage. The food is just okay and the drinks are a tad expensive.   What we like is the service and the atmosphere, and my group of 8-10 friends will continue to come here as long as Kristin is working.   Ask for Kirstin when you go there. She'll make you laugh and your visit will be great.
I love the Rose and Crown. The people who work there are always friendly, even though we tend to be an obnoxious group. Kristin is pretty funny and always stops to chat. Since I'm a wuss and don't like regular beer, I was really excited when I found out they serve Strongbow. In the morning, they have $3 mimosas. And who can turn down $3 mimosas?
A couple of friends and I went because of all the hype. I like the eclectic feel of the pub and the atmosphere. I give them the them two thumbs up for variety of beers on tap. At the same time, it wasn't too busy and just about every table inside needed to have bottles removed. I ended up having to put bottles and glasses from one table to another just to be able to sit down. This is one step ahead of George and Dragon for getting the booze just not cleaning up. I'm excited to go back and try the food!
Great rotating beer menu, good service and a cool as hell place to hang out.
Interesting bar housed inside of a old, yet slightly renovated, house. The whole street is barred off to vehicle access- historic neighborhood. It's worth parking in the garage and checking out this portion of historical Phoenix. There's a whole bunch of quirky lil shops, restaurants, and bars housed in these 19th? century homes.  Decent bloody mary's. Unique appetizers. Divided bar which adds some privacy or awkwardness to your experience.  It's just a little uncomfortable because it's so obvious it used to be an old house.... but I guess they call that "charming" right? ;)
I've lived in CA for over a year now, and let me tell you, I miss this place like no other place in Phoenix.  This place came a long way from it's inception.  This is my first stop when I come to to the PHX.   Nothing beats the Sheppard Pie (George and Dragon used to be my favorite).  The fresh shaved meet, along with the mash potatoes and sauce is the absolute bomb.  The fish and chips are crazy good too, yet I wish it came with a more traditional tartar sauce, eh, 5 STARS ANYWAY!!!  Everything else is pretty damn good too.    Always a great beer and scotch selection as well.  And everything from the company sponsored pub crawls and special event parties are an absolute blast.  I've also noticed that this place gets the hottest girls in town as well.  Always full of ASU or local working business women.  If you are out to seek or just to look at gorgeous women, then this is the place to be.    Unlike many downtown businesses of the like that have tried and went under, this place is still afloat and apparently improving every time.  So I'd really like to see this place continue to succeed.  Never a bad moment, always a great time full of laughter.  I bet they can't wait til the BB KING, comes to town for a little BB Action at the crown ;-)
I was staying in downtown Phoenix for a conference, and was really in the mood for some bangers & mash. Got to an almost empty R&C on a weekday evening, no bangers available despite the menu. Ordered a burger, and it came out pretty raw (not rare) on the inside. Finally had some other pub item which was okay. The barkeep felt so bad, that the meal (& ale) were on the house. I left a decent tip, but would probably not go out of my way to go back, if ever in the downtown PHX area again.
This is absolutely the best pub in Phoenix! The entire staff is wonderful, the beer selection is awesome and it changes, the prices are reasonable, and the atmosphere is perfect. If you're like me and sometimes yo just need to not be in phoenix go to the rose and crown, it almost make you feel like you live in a real city
One of my favorite spots in PHX.   Spent many a night here playing Cornhole (Or Bag-O... or whatever the hell else people call it).   The brew selection keeps me interested, the people are usually cool here. I really like the historic building too.   It's a great time. Never had a hard time getting a drink either.
When you think of a pub, you don't really envision the way the Rose and Crown is being in an old house. It works though!  I had my first visit to the Rose and Crown before a baseball game this past weekend and had a good time. .   There is a wide selection of beers both tap and bottle to choose from. You should be able to find your pub favorites as well as some other local flavors.  The staff was very friendly and attentive..  After my friend ordered the bangers and mash, I regretted already eating lunch. I was this close to ordering a plate even though I was full. The food looked that good.  The place isn't too big inside and was pretty crowded by the time I left.. There is space outside as well. I'm sure it's a cool place to have a drink when it's not 100 plus degrees outside.
if it weren't for the decent beer selection, (second visit here and i had S.T. Count Hopula and Stone Smoked [vanilla] Porter) this place would get 1 star.  We had dang near the worst service in all the 32 years i have lived in Phx. being that there were only 2 other customers besides our party, on a Saturday @ lunch hour, the service was unacceptable. all the time it took and hassle from the kitchen about fish and chips resulted in a $13 plate of food that was worth about $4. I would have seriously considered a Big Mac if foresight were applicable.. it was that bad.   anyway, stop in to quaff a beer if you're on the way to another spot, but dont come here with the exclusive intention of having a good time. chances are, it will elude you.  as one reviewer claimed, there are better English Pubs in BF Egypt. He could very well be right.
Fun dive bar.
Awesome place. We loved the atmosphere, not much beats an old house converted into a bar...complete with a live band on the front porch when you walk in! Bartenders were pretty swamped, but managed to pull off tasty drinks pretty fast! Very diverse crowd, looked mostly post grad age, everyone was having a good time, and it seemed like thats what it's probably like every night.
When Trusty Pal Mikey mentioned that this place had won Best Fish in Chips in the Valley at some point in the recent past, it was time to jump into the car and head on downtown for sustenance.   Arriving at the restaurant was kind of anti-climatic as on a Monday night during football there didn't seem to be a lot going on (except for a pretty cool DirecTV trailer showing the game which was a nice touch)  There were several tables of mostly intoxicated patrons, to be expected of a bar/pub during a sporting event but the guy sitting ON the table next to ours stretched out in Cincinnati Bengals gear should probably have been asked to call it a night.  It took a while to get a server to clean some unidentified stickiness off of our table, bring menus and take a drink order and about then the table next to ours got LOUDER w/the addition of an off-duty server (confirmed by asking our server) wearing a Rose & Crown shirt and another woman identified as "the girlfriend of one of the owners."  Loud, rowdy, employees enthusiastically dropping F-bombs didn't make for the best dining atmosphere.  Fail there.  Then the starters arrived...The Sausage roll was mostly cold, the puff pastry which should have been light and flakey was gooey and undercooked although the pickle relish condiment was delicious.  The Scotch egg was served cold (the server confirmed this was as intended) which seemed odd to me as I've always had them hot (the British version), the flavor was good but the texture of cold sausage just didn't work for me (this is a personal preference not a knock on their version).  The Fish & Chips Main arrived and I must say, the Chips were superb, well cooked and just the right size.  Then things went a bit pear shaped.  The fish, while piping hot was EXTREMELY greasy and devoid of seasoning.  Luckily the homemade tartar sauce was tasty (though the size of the pickles prevented dipping).   I LOVE a good order of Fish and Chips but was sadly underwhelmed by the offering here and was forced to grab something on the way home to satisfy my hunger.  (note:  The table next to us was joined by a patrons Dalmatian and even though we were on the patio, there are just some places that just aren't appropriate for the little furry people.  He was nice enough to lick my leg a few times during dinner though)    For future fish & chips fixes I will save the 40mile round trip and get it closer to home, very sad that this wasn't as good as i'd hoped it would be.
Pains me to write a bad review for a place that i think can succeed but gets in its own way.    We headed here after a trip to the science center. The science center was great fun but our experience here was not very good.  I first ordered the burger which is usually a safe bet.  My waitress comes back and tells me they are out of burgers.  This was 1pm on Monday after the new year mind you.  Then I say I will have the steak sliders, nope out of those too.  Finally settle on Fish and Chips which were ok.  The fish was fresh but was not seasoned at all.  Chips were bag frozen so not much to expect.  Apparently the kitchen was shut down later due to lack running out of food and the place was actually turning away business.  The service was ok but really had to make up for the lack of the kitchens ability.  This is a bar and should probably stay away from serving food at all.  Judging by the other reviews this is a usual occurrence sadly.
British pubs aren't my favorite places to eat, since I am a vegetarian (who eats fish occasionally), but this place was pretty good. The building was cool and full of character and the service was very friendly. Kim was a great server, even though she was doing it all alone on New Year's day! She was very nice and efficient.   The food was pretty good. I got fish and chips, but I don't prefer eating fried stuff often. I do have to say, they were good though. The outdoor seating is nice, but man....those birds are lethal! We got pooped on over and over and even our water was tainted! Not The Rose and Crown's fault, but it kinda ruined our experience.   This looks like a great place to drink, hang out and even watch the game. I am sure it's a fun place, but just not my favorite.
I like the beers, I like the ambiance, and it turns out this place has decent pub grub too. The only issue I have is the location (and therefore ambiance, in some respects). The Rose and Crown can be a little hit or miss sometimes and I don't easily think of it when trying to find a mellow pub environment to grab beers with friends. However, this is exactly the kind of place I'd love to have near home or work for such a purpose. It's just a classic pub in a classy historic setting, which is a rare find.
After going out for an awesome dinner we needed a place to continue having a few beers while finishing up conversations.  We decided to stop at the rose and crown.  The beer selection was pretty good the service was great and very friendly.  The best thing we got was the Chocolate Guinness Cake, Its a must have if you stop by.  The atmosphere was good especially on a beautiful January night in Phoenix you could sit outside by some fire pits or play a game of pool inside.  The District alone is a cool place to hang this bar just added to the night.
After browsing through wares and looking at various paintings and sculptures at First Friday, we were feeling a bit peckish as we walked into The Rose and Crown.  They have an all you can eat fish fry that also comes with the requisite chips/fries.  After ordering the Scotch egg appetizer, I decided to go with the fish fry special.   The Scotch egg was decent, and came with a mixed green salad with strawberries, which I thought was a bit odd since the heartiness of the Scotch egg didn't really go with the delicate taste of the salad and strawberries.  The fish fry was pretty good, albeit greasy.  The batter was light, and the fish was flaky and moist.  The chips were unevenly cooked and seasoned, as some chips were very salty, while others were very bland.  Also, some chips tasted slightly undercooked and mushy, while others tasted OK.  My friend also ordered the fish fry, and after he had eaten the first 2 pieces of fish that were served, he asked for some more.  It took a very long time to get the 2nd order of fish in, and once it did come in it was just a single piece of fish, swimming with grease.    All in all, my experience here was just OK, but if I had a choice in restaurants to eat at in Heritage Square, my favorite so far is Nobuo.
I happen to love this place! Been here three times so far and after my last stop in on a recent First Friday, love it! After walking around First Friday and checking out the AZ Science Center Adult Night out, my group came in here for some drinks!( Would have had some pub grub too had we not indulged in sushi earlier!) I love the feel of this place, a converted old house into a tavern gives a good vibe. They have a ton of beer selections on tap and bottle of course! Im not in anyway a beer snob but ordered a black and tan and it was perfect!  Good service, great mix of music on the jukebox ( a digital one), this is an awesome place to check out when walking through Heritage Square! We had a great time! ps love the artwork of British starts, especially the James Bond one! (Sir Sean Connery of course!)
I live right down the street from here and decided to come in with my husband for some food and drinks. The place was pretty busy when we arrived and we were told that we could sit anywhere. The only place available to sit was on the picnic tables outside, which would have been fine if they were clean. ALL the picnic tables were covered in cigarette ashes and sticky stuff. A server came by and explained a trivia game they were playing and took a good 5 minutes with this. Never asked if we wanted anything, he just left, and so did we.  The employees that we came in contact with had no people skills at all and were not very accommodating helping us find a seat. The place was also very dirty and run down, will not be back here.
Best. Bar. In. Phoenix.  -MEOW!
went there for lunch when my daughter came to town turkey sandwich thats not real turkey beer was flat the patio was dirty staff useless will not go back
Short and sweet:  Staff was very friendly.  Phoenix Burger - fairly decent bar burger.  Nothing to write home about. Coleslaw - inedible.  I don't know what their seasoning of choice is, but it was gross. Steak Fries - pretty decent version. Potato Salad - wanted to try it, but they were "out."  Friday lunch, and you're out? Wow.  All in all, not planning a return trip unless nothing else is open.  They must sell a LOT of beer on weekends, though, because kegs and cases were being brought in by the hand-truck-load when we were there.
I love this place. It's 2 legit 2 quit. No but I'm seriously you guys, you should really check this place out. It's in a prime spot, has great "bar food" (it's way better) and a good drink selection. Prices are good and the atmosphere is great. The owner is one cool mofo and seems like the kind of person who would gladly sit down and have a beer with you. Service is quick and very friendly. My drinks are always long and strong and down to get the friction on.  Yeah!
A great selection of brews and scotch/whisky paired with finest mediocre pub fare. Leave the fancy cousine and drinks to Hanny's and grab yourself some fish & chips with a dram of Lagavulin 16. Oh, I forgot to mention--they're cigar friendly.
The first time I found myself at Rose & Crown was at the beginning of an all day pub crawl downtown. The fish and chips were a GREAT way to start the day as they were everything I expected from an English/British/Whatever pub. The only downfall to this place is the bathroom situation. There's one women's bathroom (that I know of) which can suck on a Saturday night. BUT the beer selection is always pretty legit and they have root beer which most bars don't serve (if you haven't tried root beer and vanilla vodka, you're missing out)! I've managed to wind up at Rose & Crown several other times, mostly at the end of the night, and it tends to be pretty consistent. The staff has always been great and the patio/front porch area is one of my favorite places to be in Phoenix!! Love!
i love everything about this place and i go there often.  the food is wonderful. i've tried most things on the menu and am never disappointed.  the owners are very cool and the staff is amazing!
This place is great. Though it could have also been the person I was with. Located in cute and quaint Heritage Square it provides good food, drinks and a relaxed vibe. I wish we had more places like this in Orange County and also more men like the guy I was with.  Open late for those dates you don't want to end.
Recent Sunday Night Entree approx 7:45 PM  Grilled Salmon with Large Harvest Salad was Perfection.  Outside covered Porch Dining was a nice environment.  Plenty of free parking available on this particular Sunday night.  Owner/ Manager acknowledgment greatly appreciated.  Pleasant Attractive Attendant. Great place for a casual business Dinner.  I will visit again after upcoming Downtown meeting.  I have not tried enough Items to rate a 5.  Possible forthcoming edit after next visit.
This place is an old house, converted into a bar. Has a pretty interesting feel to it. The floors creek, and has an old smell to it.   However, the small house, makes for small space. It's tough getting from one end of the place, to the other, just to use the rest room. Cool place to go to if you just want to have a couple drinks and leave.   Will be back again, because my friends like going there. Maybe it'll grow on me. Will update.
Good selection of beers.  Easily bikeable.  Great porch.  And poutines!
I was visiting the Arizona Science Center and saw the Rose and Crown while walking in and decided to head back there for lunch later in the day.  Big mistake. It looks casual and inviting with the big front porch and picnic tables.  I sat at one of the tables on the porch.  And sat, and sat.  After more than ten minutes, a waitress came over with a menu and I decided it best to order everything then, as I had glanced at the menu that was displayed outside and knew what I wanted to order.  She brought me back the iced tea I had ordered.  Then I sat, and sat, and sat while watching others around me sit and order, and get their lunch and eat and multiple waitresses walked past me many times.    I caught the eye of the one who took my order during one of her many walks past me at the 35 minute point and she came over and said, 'your lunch will be out soon.'   At the 45 minute mark from ordering my  fish sandwich, I called her over and asked for the check to pay for the iced tea.  I said I felt I had waited long enough while all the groups around me ordered and enjoyed their food.  She came back and said,  'Your tea is comped'.  No apology, nothing.  I would never go back and suggest if  you really want to eat lunch that you consider one of the other choices in the area.   I ended up walking back to the Science Center and ate at their little cafeteria.
Good spot.  Went here on St. Patrick's day.  Good place to find fast women for your friends to gobble up.
I had no idea a place like this existed in Phoenix. It had that feel like it should have been in Seattle, because they serve great beer and provide a unique and laid back atmosphere.   My friends and I stumbled upon the Rose and Crown during the Phoenix ComiCon and we were so pleasantly surprised. My memories of the Phoenix bar scene were of chains, or places that were sterile with no class or character, and every one of them served mediocre beer. Not The Rose and Crown.   The Rose and Crown had a cozy U.K. Pub feel with very intimate seating inside, and bier garten seating outside, if you can stand the heat. They had a decent menu with British type dishes on it. My friends and I tried the Poutine, and it was delicious. I had never had it before, but this recipe was homemade potato chips smothered in delicious gravy instead of french fries.   My burger (can't remember which) was massive and delicious. I also had the Four Peaks Arizona Peach Ale, which is my new favorite Arizona beer.   The prices were decent, and the service was great.   Give The Rose and Crown a try.
This place is by FAR my favorite place to be in Phoenix!!! Tuesday and Thursday's are the best thanks to cheap drinks and free pool. But, SERIOUSLY! There is a waitress named Kim and she is quite possibly the nicest person I have ever met, it is ridiculous! I recommend this bar to anyone, come in the day time with your kids or come at night with your friends. You can probably find me here I'll be the guy beating you at the pool table and being kind of a smug asshole about it.
If you are a smoker then this is the best bar in town.  I am a ex-smoker so the outdoor second hand did not bother me, but if you are picky then sit inside.  What did bother me was the service.  Our server seemed too cool and it took forever to get a drink order in let alone our tab when finished.  It is a shame that the service was lacking as this spot is super cool, and as my wife would say "cute."  The balcony and outdoor seating is perfect and I can see why there are people here consistently.  The food, and this is from a take out point of view, was blah.  We wanted the potato skins (which they were out of) so ended up taking home a Reuben.  The Reuben was put on 2 pieces of white bread, so weird.  The meat was OK but that bread just put me off.   Oh well, win some loose some.  Maybe I will give it another try when wanting a drink and some second hand smoke.  Either way, cool place for the college/hipster crowd, but just didn't work for me.
Just grabbed some quick drinks. Good selection of drinks, friendly staff, cool old house. It was a nice place to kick back on the patio with a cold one.
Onion rings and potatoe skins are amazing. I would enjoy this place more if the beer glasses were kept icy cold and if my glass was never empty. Servers seem to take their time to get to you with menus and drinks
What a great place to go and hang out after work and drink an ice cold beer.  I have spent a lot of time here with my co-workers and sit and cool off and talk stories about the job.  Also spent this last Friday here after work celebrating my birthday.  I believe our favorite waitress' name is Miranda and she is an awesome gal!
Do not go there during anytime the temperatures are high-if there is A/C, I couldn't feel it.  Hot & sweaty, rooms are too small if you're gathering with friends --inside.  Outside might be okay in cooler months.  Service is not so good.  Hamburgers a great deal at half-price Monday happy hour.  Food not so good--greasy.  Slow.  I would not go here again--ever.
I absolutely LOVE this place. I love the outdoor seating area, and the daily specials they offer. Some of the servers are "meh" but the really good servers they have compensate for what the mediocre ones lack.   Here's some tips if you're thinking about coming in for the first time. 1. If you come in late at night and you want to sit outside, you might want to head inside first and let the hostess know you want to eat and sit outside. It can get pretty busy there late at night and it's hard for them to tell who's there to eat and who's just there to hang out.  2. The kitchen closes at midnight. If you're hungry, get there early or eat before you come over here to grab a drink. 3. Monday nights they have a 1/2 price burger special. I like the turkey burger. 4. Friday nights are all you can eat fish and chips, which are yummy! 5. Wednesday nights are trivia night. 6. Check out the chalkboard just inside the door. Every day they pick a letter of the alphabet and write it on the board. if your last name starts with that letter, you get a 25 cent drink! 7. On sundays they have a $3 breakfast from 10-12, and have $3 bloody mary's and mimosas all day.  If you're in the area because you're going to eat over at Pizzeria Bianco, head over to rose & crown and order a few drinks while you wait 4 hours for your table ;)
I went to Rose & Crown solely because they had poutine.  I've been trying to find poutine in Phoenix for awhile, and this is the first place I was giving a try.  I'm a poutine snob being from Canada.  I guess I expected a traditional dish - fries, cheese curds & gravy.  They had the gravy part down, but the cheese was shredded cheddar, and the fries were baked potatoes slices, a cross between french fries and potato chips.  At first I was a bit disappointed, but once I dug in it was pretty good.  Not the poutine I was hoping for, but still great to eat.  I also ordered the Crown burger.  Was great as well.  Way too much food all in all, I ended up taking home most of the burger and half the poutine.  It was all great the 2nd time around as well.   I went mid day on a week day, and was the only person in there.  Staff was friendly, I liked the atmosphere.
This is a GREAT bar with top notch service. Great atmosphere. Live music on the porch, so it wasn't too loud inside. Tried the pub fries. Yum. I'll be back.
This place was very good. I have been here a few times and plan on going back this weekend. Great place to pre drink before a Dbacks game. We enjoyed the first n chips which I have to believe was one of if not best I've had in Phoenix. Very fresh and flakey. Mmmmm......I can't wait till I come back for those!
Stopped here with my 5 year old after a day at the science center...great food and service.  We enjoyed it very much.
Went to Rose and Crown after the AZ Science Center.  Heard great things about this place, so decided to check it out...wished I would have moved on.  Upon entering, this place is teeny tiny.  There were 3 of us and no place to sit but outside.  It's AZ, seriously, outside is not really an option.    We asked how the long the wait, the "hostess" said, "I dunno, til a table is clear" SERIOUSLY???? WTF...and then as we turn around to leave, she makes a snide comment under her breath.  Can't comment on the food just the "experience".  Too bad 'cause I was willing to wait.
I was very disappointed in the service they had 1 waitress/bartender.....I brought my mother there for her birthday because I had bragged about how good the fish and chips were when I ate there a year or so ago......When we got them  the fish was raw so we ordered something else which was good but disappointed that we didn't have what we had planned.......The manager was nice enough to give me a gift certificate to come back and try again for the fish and chips.....so we shall see.....
The squeaky floors are soon to be a thing of the past.  This makes me sad..
Consistently a great place to drink in that part of downtown Phx and their food is always excellent. I've tried a lot of their menu and haven't ever had an issue or complaint. Service is always solid even when packed full. Overall a winner w/o a doubt.
R and C is the place to be!
It was fun!  Historic house, nice patio, friendly service.  Give it a shot!
I LOVE this place. The crown burger is delicious! The beer is reasonably priced. The interior has a lot of charm, and outside has a great view of downtown and Heritage square. Rose and Crown is one of my favorite places in Phoenix.
This is a great place. Love the atmosphere, staff is very cool, food is good. Love the music but a little loud. The only minus is I'm in an English Pub, where is my soccer, Rugby, or Aussie Rules Football?  Definitely will be back.
I was at the conference center on a Sunday and in need of a football fix, cue Rose and Crown to the rescue. Service was slow, food was average, and they were out of a ridiculous amount of foods and drinks. But all in all, it did the deed that I needed. The nice part, besides a great location, is that each room was dedicated to a different game. It was nice to not have to be quite while someone else was watching something else, instead we could all cheer and boo at the same time.
We saw mixed reviews on Yelp but we're glad we stopped. We used a restaurant.com coupon. I had a very good burger which was cooked to perfection. My husband had a rueben - crispy/crunchy marble rye bread and not soggy. We'd stop here again.
Ran into the owner down the street from his establishment. He told us about a themed event that was going on that night and invited us to come. He was open and friendly and an all around great guy. When we got to Rose and Crown later we found that everyone who worked there had the same attitude as the owner -- friendly, helpful, and just fun to be around. I didn't try the food, but I did see that there are daily lunch specials. The bar and service were great and had great drink specials! I will definitely be returning here.
THE BEER. IS NOT. COLD ENOUGH.  EVER.   Fix that sooner than later, you guys.  It's almost a deal-breaker.  The grilled cheese is amazing.  The whole menu is pretty good, except the Scotch egg.  Service is usually great.  Sometimes the music is stupid loud.  Overall, though, this place is solid.  EXCEPT FOR THE BEER, WHICH IS NOT COLD ENOUGH.  Thank you.
The moment we walked in the door we immediately received a sincere & friendly greeting that made us feel we were home. Sort of American sports bar, sort of British Pub had a cool "non-judgmental" vibe, ie feeling of belonging w/out wondering if we met the criteria of "fitting in".  Our waitress Nicole was great!  She immediately told us we could sit anywhere and was so friendly & cool.  We chose to sit outside @ one of the picnic tables which was clean and relaxing.  The service was perfection w/ food to match.  And their hard pear cider & apple cider was great too!  After a long day at the Science Ctr just 50 feet away, Rose & Crown was the perfect ending to a fun day. Thx Nicole!!  Cheers!
Not sure what other folks were expecting when the came here. If you're looking for a hip bar to get dressed up for with the latest brews and drinks this isn't the place for you. Want a neighborhood English pub in downtown Phoenix? Step right in.  Inside of a redone old house is a laid back place which is great for coming to hang out with some friends and have a few beers. We went on a slow night which may have helped with the ambiance. The service was a bit on the slow side at times, but we weren't in any real hurry so it wasn't a big deal. The soundtrack for the evening was punk/new wave/ska featuring The Clash, Police, Talking Heads, The Specials, etc. Nothing out of the ordinary for a pub as far as the food was concerned, but it was good. Definitely plan to hit this place up again next time I'm in Phoenix.
I have been to this bar a couple times and it definitely has some pros and cons.   Pros: Cute house setting Close to my house drinks are decent has a pool table (which was broken open last time I went, so we got to play for free...double pro!).   Cons: This establishment never staffs enough people so the service is always extremely slow....almost as if they do not want people to continue drinking there. This alone is enough to make me not want to come here often....it makes it hard to enjoy drinking. We also got a couple of car bombs in which the Irish cream was in a large glass and blocked the beer when it was dropped in the glass.....not really great for a shooter.   The prices are pretty comparable to other places, but overall I wouldn't rush here.
Decidedly confused pub. Trying to sell overpriced "English" tap brew in a frathouse atmosphere....
The atmosphere they have created in Heritage Square is fantastic, and Rose and Crown has really figured out a couple of ways to keep the prestige and offer something with a little 'weird' to the mix.  I love the bizarre Clockwork Orange and Winston Churchill paintings and the busted quarter pool table that spits your billiard balls out for free games and 9 ball variation fun all night!  They host a really fun, funny, and interactive trivia night on Wednesdays.    The food is basic deep fried pub food, and the drinks are all bar standards at standard 'make money' prices, which is the only reason I won't give them the fifth star.    Two more compliments: 1) The jukebox is the best jukebox I have seen.  It has really bizarre music selection and it is tucked away in a doorway so it makes for a secret mood changer for someone that has a practical joker side to them when they are drinking.  2) The triple bar setup allows for quick drink pushing even during the busiest of times, brilliant bar design!
This is a fun little place in Heritage Square. It's set inside an old house with flower pots and vines hanging from the metalwork on the roof. It's cute. Mostly a hipster atmosphere, with a few people my friend recognized as local politicans and aides - neat for people watching!  I liked the orderly line to get drinks from the front bar, much better than flagging down a bartender. You pretty much have to sit outside, there is very limited seating in the two or three rooms inside and it seemed to be mostly groups that ordered food.  They have a pretty extensive selection of beers. I had an Angry Orchard Cider, which was almost like carbonated wine - yum. Good selection of whiskey and scotch as well.   I was not partial to the singular bathrooms (never a good plan in a popular drinking establishment), especially when a bunch of drunk girls started pounding on it and yelling "What are you doing in there?!"   Um, I'm taking a pee, ladies, calm down. The bathroom was, however,  pretty pleasant inside, they had painted it up nicely in reds and blacks and it was roomy... okay, that sounds weird for a bathroom to be judged for its roominess, but it's nice to have room to stand up and turn around...  I was also not partial to $15 for fish and chips. I mean, sure, it was all you can eat, and it was really delicious, but that's still really pricey for some battered cod and potatoes. Most all you can eat fish and chips is around $10 to $12.   We also could not get a waitress to pay attention to us, I had to order my food from the front bartender (who looked like a deer in headlights when I did).  Overall, we enjoyed the few hours we spent and will return when in downtown Phoenix.
Hereth is thy 's (...thou's......thee's....oh hell, Old English be damned) review of Rose and Crown:  ~Ambiance~ Who doesn't enjoy a fun English pub? This pub is utilizing an old old house, so people who do not understand the layout may miss the point when entering it. Its supposed to be quaint and small, that's the small part of how great R&C is. I love the ambiance and the atmosphere is great. I have come at varying times throughout the day: From at night when they are having trivia to before/after ball games. Each time, we have been kindly greeted and quickly sat. The servers are all great, they treat you well and are very helpful.   ~Fud~ I will start with complaints, because they are not big deals. The food is great, although a bit pricey. You expect that, with it being downtown.   Considering the portion sizes, some dishes (primarily fish and chips) are over-priced. That's understandable, its fish, but you get so little of something SO GOOD! I do want to point out that most prices are fair and fit well with the sizes of the meals assigned to them. Also, some beers are a bit warm, someone else pointed that out in a previous review. Its not too warm, I have had much much warmer beer, and it seems to be a non-issue, I do not have it happen to me a lot. Once again just a few times, so its nothing to really note of, especially when they have an excellent selection of beers. That being said, they have a great selection by the way, many euro-style brews to choose from with varying textures as well as a typical full-bar. But the food is excellent, and should not be missed at all! Although pricey, it tastes great and is worth it. I can trust only about 4-5 places out here with preparing and making me fish and chips, which here is done perfect for an English pub. They take seafood seriously, as their chowder soup is amazing as well... Overall great food experience despite some minor issues to nag over. No place is perfect.  ~Extras~ They are a stone's throw away from BOB (or Chase Field, for you Arizona Transplants). It is an awesome spot to go to prior to the game, and a bit cheaper considering prices inside. Heritage Square in general is awesome along with the Science Center, so keep in mind you can hang around that area for a while if you'd like. It is not exactly the best place for children, minus during the day time and a quick trip for a bite before the Science Center. I would recommend sitting outdoors if its cool enough, rather than indoors with all the pub garb everywhere. Your children will find food options because they do offer amazing food options once again, but this place is geared 0% for children, haha.
Great for lunch.  The Reuben was fantastic.  Coleslaw was best I've had in a long time.  The grilled chicken wrap was superb the fries crisp outside and tender inside.  You can't go wrong.  Reasonable prices and big servings.  You gotta go!
Nice little place; I had the BBC, which is their roast beef, bacon and cheddar sandwich on rye.  The problem I have with this place is that to me , it's not British enough.  The food is good, however, I'll stick closer home with The Olde Ship.
My friend and I were hanging out Downtown and looking for a place to grab a drink before an event at the US Airways arena, and stumbled upon this place on Yelp. The Rose and Crown is a quaint pub with a neat atmosphere in the Heritage Square portion of Downtown Phoenix. It's located in an old house, putting the HOUSE back into "Public House" (which is what pub is short for ... there's your lesson for today, kids!)  We sat in the bar area in a back room of the house and was met by a very friendly server/bartender. We scanned the whole menu but, just having had a large brunch, planned to have only drinks. My friend opted for a brunch Bloody Mary special, while I salivated at the on-tap options advertised. Fuller's London Pride on tap? YES YES YES!!! And the sound of four rotating taps had me curious as to what else the had to offer.  Unfortunately, they didn't even offer what they advertised. No Fuller's on tap. DAGGER. And no rotating taps. Their on-tap selection was limited six offerings - Smithwick's, Boddington's, Guinness, St. Mary's Pale Ale, Newcastle, and Strongbow ... a rather boring and standard American "pub" selection. Strongbow isn't something you see on tap every day, however, and I was feeling rather cidery, so started with that. I had never heard of the St. Mary's Pale Ale, and tried that next ... and it's a darn fine pale ale.   With nothing else interesting on tap, we decided to leave after this. The menu here looks great, and I saw one of their Scotch eggs coming out of the kitchen and almost ordered one - despite being totally full - because I love Scotch eggs and this one looked DIVINE. But I can only rate for what I had, and despite the great service, I can only give them three stars for a mostly basic beer selection and not having the full selection of what the advertise on their menu.
Well we are goin' to the Rose and Crown and there's nothing you can do Oh Yes we're on our way  And theres nothing you can do So we are goin' to the Rose and Crown and have a few brews!  We don't refer to the menu When showing up we just order (fish and chips) Our generation gap Means we prefer them with ketchup The drinks is getting to your head The drinks is in my hands! (Lyrics - The Living End - Prisoner of Society)  The Rose and Crown is located across from Pizzaeria Bianco and next to Nobuo's Teeter House.  Aside from Bar Bianco I think this place would be great as you wait the lines of these two great restaurants.    The Rose and Crown is a Pub, also known as a public bar.  Public bar?  Aren't all bars public?  Well grasshopper, according to the "internet", in the UK, many hotels have bars that are generally private to their guest.  Thus, the invention of public bars known as Pubs.  Now, back to Phoenix!  The Rose and Crown offers up a plethora of beers in pints, bottles, or 20oz.  Needless to say you're options will get your head spinning.  I stuck to my guns and went with a Stella - haha!  I also ordered off their menu -- whoops!  I shouldn't have referred their, but I did and went with the Fish and Chips; I'm in a pub, what do you expect!?  Overall, this was probably the best Fish and Chips I had.  The fish was moist in the inside and the bread crust around it was perfect and crispy.  I'm a texture guy when it comes to food and the Fish and Chips was a kick in the GOALLLLLLLLL!    Yes, soccer fans this place is a mecca of soccer decor and perfect for your next soccer outing, or should I say futbol?  I'm not much of a fan, but I sure know where to go the next world cup comes along. - Enjoy!
We came to the Rose and Crown for lunch and some drinks.  They had a great selection of bar food to choose from.  I ordered the Turkey Burger and my husband had the fish & chips and chowder.  Our server was SUPER friendly and attentive.  It was a nice casual place to kick back have some Strongbow and watch the baseball game.
I find myself here pretty often because it's so close to my apartment and school. The service here is always friendly and quick  and they have a great selection of beers. They've always been accommodating when we come in large groups so that's a nice touch. We usually order the cheese fries to share while enjoying beer outside on the benches. I can't speak for the other items on the menu since I've never actually had a meal here. Overall a nice place to sit and relax on a sunny day.
Got the much praised fish and chip and was pretty disappointed - the batter was so thick that the taste of fish was integible, I wound up removing some of the batter to get a taste of the fish, which definitely lacked salt. I have to give props to the tartar sauce - different and pretty interesting.
Very very cool pub...I ran into this place off a restaurant.com certificate.   This place is an old house turned into a bar.  The fish and chips were great with an amazing price $6.99 I think.  Lots of beer options and attentive server.  I will DEFINITELY be back.  The ONLY complaint is that there isn't any parking.  We got valet parked at the restaurant next door which I guess technically is frowned upon but the valet guy said, "It's ok as long as you take care of me."  Throw in a few bucks for valet parking (which is kinda fun) and you still got yourself a great deal and a fun experience.  I will DEFINITELY be back.
Really nice set up inside, although when we visited it was really hot, like the AC wasn't on. The fish and chips are awesome - crispy, flaky, and delicious. The tartar sauce and cole slaw are also pretty good. I like the location a lot; I'd like to come back and try some of their other stuff.
I was introduced to this pub when my sister decided to have a Happy Hour/Team Trivia night. It was a Wednesday night and all of us had a blast. The overall atmosphere of the pub was very welcoming. The bartenders were very helpful with deciding what drink would satisfy your mood. They had a very good selection of beers and other drinks. The food was also phenomenal. When the trivia game began around 7pm, the announcer was very funny and engaging with the audience. Overall, i rate this pub very enjoyable and will definitely recommend it to friends.
After parking near the stadium, we needed a quick place to booze-up and pregame for the game ahead. We may be out of college, but our tailgating days ain't over.  This place was hidden, but my drunk friend found this place like a bloodhound finds a dead duck (ok bad analogy, give me a break). We were happy to find the billiards room and huddle over one of the side tables.  I got a bloody mary for $6 (it was $3 before noon) and our group got some cheesy fries to share.  For a potentially-$3 bloody mary, my drink was great: spicy, peppery but not too thick or fake tasting. Our cheesy fries were beyond amazing: giant steak fries, tons of cheese, BACON, jalapeno, tomatoes and a ranch dressing. The plate was heaping with the ingrdients and the potatoes stayed boiling hot for a while (making us have to take our time, which lets face it, is pretty damn impossible). Between the 4 of us, we didn't even finish our plate and it left me pretty full (at least for a couple hours). Our server was pretty fast and was kind enough to split the shared appetizer among the 4 of us. Sweet.
First time here in a few years and very disappointed. I saw it was all you can eat fish & chips which sounded perfect, but in over an hour the waitress came back one with only 1 piece of fish. I would have loved to have more but didn't want to wait another hour. Great place if you aren't hungry or thirsty and don't mind killing a few hours just sitting around I guess.
Rose and Crown pub has become a Tuesday and Thursday staple for me. Industry night meant for the cool cats, hip hangers on, and other laborers in the so called "industry" (meaning food service) is a great late night reverse happy hour. You can get a $2 well, $3 draft, 1/2 off appetizers, and free pool. EVERY night a letter is randomly selected and written on a chalkboard if that letter begins your last name you are treated to a 25 cent drink! Now "random" I will also call into question so those pals of yours that have names that start with S's or really common names, y'all are out of luck/ they might draw those letters on slower nights. Luckily for me the "T" has been quite frequent popping up and surprising me with the gift of a wonderful well cocktail or draft for a quarter!  Like any good ol' pub, it slangs typical bar food which I have had one wing and not been impressed enough to continue eating. What really makes this place THE PLACE to be is the excellent vibe. The bartenders are funny, personable, and are super attentive which makes it just a generally relaxed place to shoot the sh*t and enjoy the patio misters. The varied seating outside that includes high bar tables, low tables, and the picnic benches allows you to fluctuate with the crowd you convince to come and drink the night away. Also, if you are feeling like a casual DJ you can pay for the high tech jukebox sound system and play some tunes on the great sound system.  All in all, a solid place especially for those deals if you wanna celebrate "Turnt Up Tuesdays" or "Thirsty Thursdays". Chat with the bartenders and Evan, the cook, they are all great people to get to know.
Rose & Crown.. we had a good run guys. But the last 4 times I've gone here service, food and even the beers have been terrible. I've had to make sure that I tell anyone I previously recommended The Rose & Crown to that I have to regrettably revoke my recommendation so that they don't disown me; it's gotten that bad.   The last four times I've been here I've been forced to drink St Mary's Pale Ale since none of the other beers I want are in stock, our service is always incredibly slow, no matter how many/few customers are there, and the food (which I honestly never loved) has gotten greasier, chewier and less delicious.
I had the cheese fries last week and I can't stop thinking about them.  I'm not a beer drinker but I will go here with my friends for the food!  I don't need beer, just delicious fried food.....
This is like a rest area along a busy highway, but with a fabulous beer selection. Actually, calling a British-style pub like The Rose and Crown a "rest stop" is an unfair characterization. The place is actually quite lively, has a great front porch and rustic interior, decent pub grub and a myriad of ways to slake your thirst. The location in Heritage Square has made it my default pit stop when I'm in dowtown Phoenix for other reasons, however.  And that's the beauty of the location. After an Adults' Night Out at Arizona Science Center, my posse inevitably winds up here. Following a day of drinking at a local beer festival or light rail pub crawl, my posse drifts here. It's also a great spot to keep that buzz going with a fresh pint, or the pause that refreshes, where you can get some real food in your gullet and live to drink another day. It's not a bad place to catch a cab too, since there's a convenient curbside loading area for just such an instance.  Let me say a few things about the beer and food. The food offered here includes British pub favorites like Bangers & Mash and a Scotch Egg. Being a big fan of the Scotch Egg, I had to try this one. It's hard to beat a hard-boiled egg wrapped in pork sausage and rolled in bread crumbs and then deep-fried. As my English friend used to remark, "It's more than a snack!" and indeed it is. The Rose and Crown serves the egg elegantly sliced into eights (for sharing, perhaps). And it comes with a pickled relish which is hard to describe... but tasty. The other food item I'ved sampled here and that I can recommend are the Pub Wings. They are a decent pile of meaty buffalo style wings with a pretty good vinegar "bite". When this hot mound winds up in your face (and should you be so fortunate... but enough about your personal life), sniff carefully. All too many times I've made the rookie mistake of inhaling whilst sniffing and then lapsing into the inevitable "wing cough" from accidental aspiration of the vinegary wing sauce vapor . I once had an order of wings here that were tangy enough to evoke the wing cough from the table behind me.  I consider the Rose and Crown a great downtown Phoenix landing pad from which to appreciate fine beer and pub culture.
Great place to hang out if you are waiting for a table at the Pizzaria Bianco next door.  I ordered a Cream Ale draft, they were out of Hefweizen, so I had to order the next light beer on tap.  There are 4 beers on tap at the time.  The beer was very smooth and tasty from a brand new keg.  Overall, the service was good, they don't have a lot of staff so the service wait time might be long if you go during their Happy Hour period.  Parking is a big issue, especially for Downtown Phoenix where there are a lot of events during night time and with ASU Downtown Campus nearby.  If you live in the neighborhood, the best way to get there is to be on foot so you won't have to worry about drinking and driving.
Came here for trivia on Wednesday night and it was a nice chill place to hang out.  It wasn't too crowded, yet there were enough people there to make it fun.  I ordered a pear cider, which was decent.  I also got the Guinness cake which I looooved. chocolate cake with buttercream frosting and chocolate syrup. it is SUPER rich and SUPER sweet, so if that's not your thing you won't like it.  But I thought it was amazing! I even took a picture of it, I loved it so much, but apparently my phone has lost it :(  I'd come here again for trivia or just to hang out with friends.  The food looked OKAY, nothing too spectacular.  A plus is that they validate for parking in the garage so you get a discounted rate.
They have a rotating tap and currently they have this 5 barrel IPA with nitro and it's pretty awesome and smooth! Here for trivia night, pretty fun. Only thing is that the tables are in different rooms so I can't see who else teams are playing, but it's fun nonetheless!
I love the beer selection & the food. The atmosphere is laid back and visually interesting.   The staff is awesome, especially LEG & JUAN CARLOS (hi boys!).
One of my favorites - great selection (a bit pricey), food's very good, especially considering that they've whipped up vegetarian things off menu for me, and beautiful bartenders. The atmosphere ranges from dinner on the weekdays to happy hour in the evenings to bar weekend nights.
Awesome beer selection. Love the rotating taps and the draft from my high school (SMHS woot!).  Love that it's in an old house in heritage square.  Decent menu.  Really good specials throughout the week ($3 mimosas on weekends??!?!).
Enjoyed a Sunday brunch here a group of friends. Cheap breakfast, build you own Bloody Mary bar AND cool people? Yes, thank you!  There was nothing special about the breakfast itself, but nothing wrong with it, either - I opted for the $4 plate - eggs, toast, potatoes, bacon and sausage (I opted for all bacon.) It's a good value for $4, but nothing spectacular. The $5 Bloody Mary was great - but if it wasn't, that's my own fault!  Also available are $3 mimosas.  There were box games the kids could play while waiting for food and to not get too bored while we old and boring adults were having old and boring adult conversations.  I've always enjoyed Heritage Square, the beer selection is good, and hanging out in a an old house with creaky wood floors, or on the patio under the trees is a very casual, comfortable "come hang out awhile" vibe that I truly appreciate.  Definitely a nice place for breakfast, probably cool any time of day.
Owner seems very nice. Fish n chips for three!  Unfortunately, the fish n chips were not for us.  Both my son and I agreed that the Alaskan cod had an off flavor taste to it that we did not like.  He did like the French fries though.  He thought those were good. We also did not make the best choice in seating.  We chose to sit outdoors since it was a nice day but the picnic table next to us had three guys smoking and the cigarette smoke headed our way and ended up making  my son and his friend have stomach aches. Overall, it was an okay experience.  I would go back again to give them a second chance and try some of the other items on their menu just cause the owner seemed like such a nice guy!
Two beers, wings and fish n chips for $28!? And it all tasted great. Great little pub!
Do not order the French Onion soup (water chopped onions with a sprinkle of cheese on some croutons popped in the microwave)!!!   Cool location, good beer, wait staff is typical downtown attraction type; not friendly (just going through the motions).
Just average for me, nothing really sticks out for me in this place other then its walking distance.
Rose and Crown is a British pub located in the Heritage Square. This bar is in an old house with a huge porch and seems to be in a more quiet part of downtown Phoenix. I love the way this bar is set up with the awesome art and signs on the wall. It's definitely one of the coolest pubs I've been to. I came here with a group of friends and our server was pretty attentive for most of our visit.   Love the rotating beer selection, however didn't realize until my last visit they serve liquor too! (Duh..just duh) Oh my sweet Jameson! Their drinks are pretty standard--I'm a simple lady with simple needs, a whiskey and club soda with lime is good for me!   This place is great for groups because of the large picnic tables outside for hanging out. AND they have board games! Can't beat playing Apples to Apples on a porch with your friends.  Haven't tried the food yet--but once I do I will update my review!
I've been to The Rose and Crown for drinks before and thought it was a unique place. I went to dinner there last night and was excited to try their food for the first time. By chance I got there during happy hour and was delighted to see they had drink and food specials.  I ordered a glass of wine and the Ploughman's platter - both of which apparently weren't on happy hour -  this fact was unbeknownst to me until my bill came. The Ploughman's Platter was the only appetizer not on happy hour; how convenient that no one told me this until I questioned my bill.  Also, the platter was terrible. It says it's a fruit, cheese and veggie plate - a lie! The platter contained cheese cubes similar to those at a grocery store and two orange slices. I was disappointed enough with the food and lack of communication to cross this place off my list.
Went there Sunday while on a bike ride with friends.  Service was glacially slow, even standing in line at the bar "window" took forever.  Food, when it arrived was good, but management needs to look at streamlining how things flow through their shop.
I'm giving this place 4 stars because the atmosphere was great and my friend liked his food. I ordered the "famous" fish and chips and I really wasn't impressed. One piece was good while the other piece was tough and rubbery.  I'd come back and try something else or have a drink. The staff was fantastic and friendly so that always helps.
Love this pub - there's always a hum of activity and no pretentious need to turn into a club after hours. I'm so glad it's so close to my apartment. Their wings are incredible, so definitely try those. If you're looking for a relaxed breakfast, the $4 fry-up is  freaking great too. Burgers and other food is solid, and the fish and chips are delicious.
I would return for the beer and bar but not the food. It's hard to find an authentic British pub fare in Phoenix. The fish was tough and there seemed to be a layer of water between it and the crust. It was the first time I heard my dad complain about anything in a restaurant .The manager did try to right things by taking it off the bill. The shepherds pie was average. The asparagus served with it was delicious. Is this a normal side dish in Britain ? While the atmosphere - an old house- was cool, We wished we would have passed this by.
I love the $4 fry up for breakfast served till 2PM on sundays along with a bloody mary. Tuesday nights and Thursday nights are great for $3 pints. Always a decent selection and they rotate a few taps often.  Jen is one of my favorite servers/bartenders here.
Had this review been written a year or so ago, they would have gotten 4 or 5 stars. But, it is not a year or so ago and this place just continues to get worse over time. Used to be our go-to brunch spot, and was also great for Wednesday night trivia, but we have pretty much stopped going due to the last couple visits. Prices have gone up for everything for brunch while service has gone down. Bloody Mary bar has awesome selection, but you better stuff everything you can in there on your first go because somewhere down the line they decided, "Oh, yeah, not going to be doing the bottomless thing so much anymore" and didn't tell you, just charged you at the end when you had 3 vodka refills thinking they were covered.   Our last visit went somewhat like this... They refused to bring my friend brunch 5 minutes before the brunch hours ended (which used to be until 2, and is now 12 apparently), yet the couple next to us put in their order for brunch at 12:10 with the same waitress and they got the go-ahead. ...Uhhh? We asked our waitress five, literally five times, for some water after starting our meal. That was all, water. And somehow she managed to not pull that off over the span of an entire hour. BF and I shared fish and chips and it was just...I mean, really, my expectations for fish and chips in the States is not that high, I am aware it's not going to taste like the stuff you get in the village I lived in in North Yorkshire, but really. The fish should not be soggy on the outside and rock solid cold on the inside.   The staff is not entirely friendly recently and it just seems like suddenly money is all they care about. I get it, you have to make money to keep a place going, but plenty of other establishments manage to do it without becoming this crappy.
I ordered the arizona burger last night and it was THE WORST hamburger I've ever had. It tasted like an over cooked, left over burger from a BBQ. The buns were also very dry, almost stale. I don't understand how anyone would serve the food they decided to put in front of me. The server never asked if we liked our food. She just picked it up (it barely had two bites from it) and asked if we wanted more beer. Very disappointed in the establishment. Not worth the drive and the hassle of parking a street away.
Great beer selection, low key vibe. I enjoy this place for a night cap.   4 stars because they need to figure out a simpler parking situation.
Quality new-Irish cuisine. Good service. Limited menu. Great job reusing the historic home to create an awesome Irish pub downtown. Nice casual vibe but still felt comfortable wearing business casual before going to a show. Good beer selection and they will let you try before you buy. They could benefit by having a larger selection on tap.
Great bar for dates hangouts or those days when you just want a beer solo on the porch. The servers and bartenders can be very attentive when you need them or they can leave you alone when you don't want to be bothered. Which is the perfect combination for servers in my opinion.   Good cheap beer. Yummy huge portion bar food. Very ample sized for the prices. Jalapeo cheese fries are super good after a few
Third night in Phoenix; third night at Heritage Square. And while nothing can top Nobuo, the Rose and Crown came close.  I went for happy hour, which is 4-7. Got there a little before 5 and after checking in with the bartender (and sampling two of their beers), I ordered a Scottish ale and took a seat on the patio. It was a beautiful afternoon, and the mellow music selections (mostly the Beatles) fit the vibe perfectly.  During happy hour, appetizers are half price, so I ordered poutine and a Scotch egg. Two of my favorite foods, and half price to boot! As my husband says, the reason poutine isn't more popular is its name; if it were called "cheesy gravy fries," it would be a hit worldwide. And what's better than a hard-boiled egg wrapped in sausage? Not much, in my book, and the presentation was lovely, with the addition of fresh fruit and mixed greens.  Unfortunately for me, the portions were so huge that I could only eat half of the poutine and one-sixth of the egg. (Breakfast for me!) But that's my only complaint, and you can't really complain about getting too MUCH good food!  The bartender also served as my waiter, and he was friendly and attentive. Loved that guy! I'm not sure how this pub fares during other times of the day, but you can't go wrong for happy hour: half-price apps and $4 drafts.
I really enjoy Rose & Crown. I would give it 5-stars, but the service is typically only 'okay' at best (unless you sit at the bar - service is much better there). They have great pub food and a neat beer collection on draft and bottled. Vibe is fun inside with interesting little trinkets and the view outside is nice - and there is also ample amounts of outdoors seating - win! The outside patio and yard space is very dog friendly and every time I've been there I've seen a pup or two. :) They have poutin - which let's be honest - you can't go wrong with. Their onion rings are also delicious with ranch/horseradish dipping sauce.
First time during a Scooter rally we had a Proper English breakfast. & incredible Bloody Mary Bar.  Today came back to start off Birthday weekend for hubby- great breaky. & Mimosas... People are great!  Smiles around!
I wish there were more indoor seating. It's like a less awesome Casey Moore's with older people.
Pretty good pub. It had a nice British theme and a nice selection of board games to play with friends. I didn't eat any food on my visit but service was great and they had a nice happy hour.
Heard about this place after a Google search.. I was looking for a place that had Fuller's London Pride on draft and low-and-behold this place was it and it turned out to be an English Pub as well(which is awesome). I went at about 11p so there weren't too many people or festivities going on. The bartender, Carlos, was an awesome chap. The place looked pretty cool and the London Pride was superb! I am bookmarking this place and definitely going to come again!
I like the atmosphere of the Rose and Crown, even if it's a bit cramped and somewhat warm on a summer evening. I had some difficulty in finding something that suited me off the menu. I agreed to split a ham and three cheese toastie with a friend, and then I asked the server, "What desserts do you have available?"  That answer turned out to be a brownie with ice cream, and Guinness cake. I *had* to go with the latter.  The sandwich was okay. The ham was good, but overall I could have made a better grilled cheese sandwich at home. The cheese just didn't stand out at all, which is a travesty because cheese is delicious and awesome. The bread was just normal sandwich bread.  Ah, but then we come to the cake. This was an epic cake. Chocolatey and dense perfection. I'm not a beer drinker, but I do enjoy the flavor it can lend to meats and baked goods, and the Guinness added some magic to this big slice of cake. I did my utmost to restrain myself and actually share this with my friend.  This is a pub I'd return to for the beer. In cake form.
cool British pub in the Heritage Square in downtown PHX.  I would say this ranks at the top my list for bars downtown, and its certainly my favoritre pub.  Its a great place to go before a ballgame, or for lunch if you work downtown.  They have a nice selection of draft beer and usually have 1-2 taps that rotate weekly I believe.  As far as food, their burgers are all I have tried there so far, but they are good.  Fresh made patties that have nice flavor.  This place is much cleaner than some of the other pubs downtown and its worth checking out.
Was in Downtown Phoenix for a conference, and our group decided to check this place out. Pretty cool atmosphere. Although I don't drink beer, judging by my counterparts, they had a good selection on tap. Tried the Poutine...awesome! The meat on the chicken wings was tender...didn't have to fight to get a chunk of it. Shepherd's Pie was pretty good. To sum it up: good food, great service, cool atmosphere...
This place is really cool. Great food and drinks. The room with the pool table is a pretty cool place to hangout
This is our neighborhood bar and we love it! easy to ride your bike to if you live in the downtown phx area and good good food. We love Thursday nights because (after 9PM) appetizers are half off and drafts/wells are only $3 - SCORE! and during major playoffs they set up flat screens outside so you can watch the game and play corn-hole at the same time- WHAT?! yes that's right!  all in all- you should try this place, you wont be disappointed. let me suggest the reuben, chicken wings, and BLT salad - yum yum yum. and if you are lucky maybe Jen will be your server, IF your lucky ;)
This is the best outdoor sport watching spot downtown. Tents and misters...need I say more? We've been to watch Sunday nfl games and now for the World Cup finals with zee Germans staying with us.   The food each time we've come has been on point. But let's be honest, we come for the beer. Good euro selection. We're lucky this place is a 7 minute walk from our apt...
I like The Rose and Crown.  Has the true British Pub feel.  Good selection of beers.  Food is pricey for what it is.  $10.00 grilled cheese is a bit much to me personally.  On the last visit for the World Cup, the Waitress was nice, but kitchen messed up the order, and despite how busy it was she had it corrected, but then charged my card twice including tip?! How does that happen if it prints out the receipts? I do understand mistakes happen and contacted my bank after several unsuccessful attempts at contacting the pub.  I will continue to be a loyal patron to this laid back friendly pub.
Dope joint... Kind of reminds me of drinking in my brother's frat house when I was thirteen. Not the crowd mind you, but the setup of the structure.  Beers was good (you have to read that with a redneck accent) but they were out of Fullers... Poor ordering or is it just that popular here? In any case, give it a look because its anything but ordinary.
I was turned on to this Tearoom by my good friend Cindy.   The place is small and very darling.  You walk in and immediately are greeted by the owner of one of three other women who work there faithfully.  The decor is very Victorian.  There is a wide variety of beautiful China tea cups, pots and teas for sale as well as many other items to compliment a formal tea at your home.  When you enter and are seated, you will find beautifully laid tables.  The table is laid out for a formal tea.   They offer everything from fresh, out of the oven scones to the traditional tiered plate offerings of finger sandwiches, cheese and fruit.  If you are wanting something more substantial, I would recommend their bread pudding (to die for!) or their beautiful Waldorf salad.  The food is very fresh, prepared well, and presented well.   The selections of tea are vast and they also offer a tea of the day just to keep the variety going.  While there, you are offered to "dress up" if you so desire.  A darling array of Boas and Hats are offered to guests to use while dinning.  They are great for pictures and make a special event all the more festive.  Besides the ambiance, the food is always of excellent quality.  Fresh, and the best of everything is used.  Please save room for dessert!  You won't want to miss their traditional English offerings.  My only complaint with the place is that the tables, chairs, and room are small.  There isn't much room to move, and the tables are packed together pretty tight.  If you are any bigger than 5'2" and 100 lbs, you will be uncomfortable in their chairs.  Very small and not good on the back.  If you are wanting a darling experience with a Tea Room, with excellent food, you won't be disappointed.  During the peak season you will want to make reservations.  With a small amount of tables, they fill up fast and are a favorite in the Carefree area.  Enjoy!
Very cute place.  Perfect place to take your mom, (which i did while she was visiting from Canada, eh?).     Of couse you MUST do the high tea: consists of a awesome display of a large 3-tiered plated presentation of tiny goodies.  Little smoked salmon sandwiches, cucumber & cream cheese, scones, jam, tiny petite fours.  I love scones and clotted cream (devenshire) ours arrived with plain whip cream (totally disappointed).  Very unique place to take a guest, just hope your server is in a happier mood for you, otherwise would have given the extra star for star treatment :-)
I offered to host my god daughter's wedding shower.  She wanted a tea and I had to figure this out from San Francisco.  I found the English Rose on line and never looked back.  Joanne, the owner, was wonderful and the event was brilliant.  The service was great, we had the place to ourselves after her regular hours, and the food varied, fun, and very English.  We even had a sweet keyboard player who stayed with us throughout playing softly in the background.  Too, perfect.
OMG, this is the cutest place in Carefree! I have a 7 year old daughter the insisted on having her birthday at English Rose Tea Room. The wait staff were wonderful and we all got to pick out our "fancy hats" before tea was served. The only complaint is that there is not much arm or leg room. However, you can sit outside if you desire more room.
My mother takes everyone to this place; she's a big fan of tea. I drink tea but am certainly no connoisseur. Their food was pretty good, and the place is very girly and cutesy. Great place to take grandma or mom. Things were reasonable priced; my only complaint was that it was kind of close quarters. I felt like I was dining in a closet. The staff was friendly and the service was good. Unique experience.
Wow....what a wonderful find! Thanks to Yelp for the directions....don't think we would have found it otherwise. This was truly a treat....I was finally able to share with my husband some scones...I also wanted him to try some crumpets but unfortunately they were out...but an excellent excuse to have to go back! We ordered the Earl of Sandwich which was a delicious selection of 6 tea sandwiches, our favourite being the chicken with nutmeg and tarragon, edged with walnuts. We also shard a pot of Paris Tea which was a blend of vanilla, caramel and bergamot oil....truly divine! For dessert we both had a scone with jam and cream...once again delicious....the cream also was very, very tasty. The Tea Room is decorated beautifully so you really do feel as if you are in an English Tea Room in Engand. The soft classical music was also a great accompaniment to the overall relaxing feel. The fine china topped it all off. The staff were also very helpful and friendly. We will definitely be back to try the Duchess of Bedford's Formal Afternoon Tea which is served on a three tiered cake stand and has such goodies as sandwiches, scones, petite fours and a pot of tea. And we of course will also be back for the crumpets. This is a wonderful spot for lunch or if you just feel like some dessert and tea. There was even the option of salads that looked very appetising or appetizing...already slipped back into English spelling having spent some time there! lol As we were leaving the owner informed us of her gift store next door....definitley worth a look....some great gift ideas. Highly recommend this special little spot.
What a delightful place! I brought a visiting friend here when she wanted to experience something different after I showed her around the Valley for several days. We decided to do the high tea (as recommended by Linda R's review here in yelp). My friend chose a lavander-blended tea and I had the peach-ginger tea -- two extraordinarily fragrant and delicious choices that went so well with the cakes, sandwiches, scones, and cookies in the 3-tiered server. The elegant meal (yes, I think it should be considered a meal) and the beautiful surroundings made our trip to Carefree so much more memorable.  (Note: English Rose Accents is a gift shop located next door to the English Rose Tea Room. For that, see http://www.yelp.com/biz/english-rose-accents-carefree)
We went back today to try the Duchess of Bedford's Formal Afternoon Tea....truly sumptuous! It is served on a 3 tier stand ..... the presentation is  really amazing : )   We were lucky to get a seat as there were only about 2 tables left on the front patio. It was great to see it so busy as well as to see everyone enjoying their tea and sandwiches!  We had to order the Paris Tea once again as we had been craving it since our last visit. The staff as last time were wonderful and we picked up yet another little item at the gift store.
If you want to be transported to an enchanted place and step away from the hustle and bustle of the world, go to the English Rose Tea Room.  I've been here so many times, including my own Bridal Shower, this place feels like home to me.  Having never been to England, I imagine myself there each time I have tea sitting on the patio of this wonderful place.  My Husband and I went here this weekend (yes he loves it too), and have a lovely pot of Paris tea (my favorite), scones with cream and jam, and lunch entrees.  He had the savory bread pudding and I had the tea sandwiches and soup.  The food here is always great, as is the service.  It's a nice and relaxing place to people watch or have a good conversation with the person you are with.  I can't say enough about this gem.  Go there, even if you are a guy, don't be afraid, you will LOVE it!
Wow! This place is very overrated! I really was expecting so much more. First of all, the price is insane! The lunch entrees were very small - if it wasn't for the $6.50 scone I would have passed out from hunger. At least my mother in law and her mother enjoyed it. I loved the room and decor but it was very small. I think they were short handed - customer service was terrible - the ladies were nice but too slow. I would never go here again. $75 for 4 adults that left hungry. Oh and they say they love to have babies in the restaurant- too bad their highchair is broken and unsafe. Really wished the experience had been better.  :-(
I love, love, love this place!  Service and food are great and the atmosphere is so cute!  Completely girly, over-top-victorian and makes for a fun girls brunch.  I would def recommend it!
This place is a hidden gem. I almost didn't want to write a review, because I want to keep it my own little secret.  While visiting my cousin in Phx. last April, I decided to drive out to cave creek/carefree and stumbled upon the quaintest tea shop. I was lucky and went mid week, and got in without a reservation.  I had the Just Dessert Tea. The pastries were all delicious and tempting. The scone was perfect, and real Devon cream. A little slice of English heaven in the middle of the desert.  Best of all was the ladies working, they were all very courteous and patient and kind. They were helpful in picking out a tea and made a lone traveler feel very welcome.  I plan on coming back next spring, I'm even sending my Aunt out there next week.
This place is simply wonderful.  My mom and I come here about twice a year -- once in the summertime, and once in the winter -- and each time, I leave feeling like it was a wonderful experience.    The decor is just adorable, and I love all of the little personal touches, right down to the restrooms which are complete with British magazines -- the first time I noticed that, I couldn't help but giggle.  They have a lovely selection of hats that will completely your English tea experience, if you so desire.  ;-)  I especially love how each table is set up with an array of mismatched tea cups and saucers -- it doesn't get much cuter than that!  I haven't tried any food other than the scones -- my mom and I always just get the Cream Tea, which includes your own pot of tea (selection of your choice) and two scones (with Devon cream and jam -- amazing).  For us, this is plenty for breakfast.  The scones are huge, and almost overwhelming if you eat the entire plate.  So delicious, and beautifully presented.  The owner of this business is so sweet and kind, and she runs a fabulous place.  If you are looking to enjoy the perfect Girls' Day Out, a bridal luncheon, or any other girly event, this is the perfect place for you.  I would recommend this spot to anyone, and I truly believe that the English Rose Tea Room is wonderfully authentic and holds such an adorable wow-factor that you cannot help but enjoy yourself!
Do you feel like taking an afternoon trip to have high tea with the Queen? What's that you say? You can't find time in your day to hop on a plane to the United Kingdom? Well that's quite all right because I have the next best option right in our own desert backyard. I am talking about the one and the only royal experience at the English Rose Tea Room in none other than Cave Creek Arizona.   I will just start by saying that the website and pictures don't do this little afternoon tea house any justice. Think of the English Rose Tea Room like the perfect haven for ladies who lunch. The ambiance is fit for a Queen. It's girly, it's cozy and it's adorable, almost like a magical elf's cottage. The woman who runs this tea room is English herself which makes the experience that much more enjoyable. As you walk in, a quaint outdoor patio greets you and once inside, shelves line the walls with every type of tea and tea accessory imaginable. Oh and let's not forget about the Queen herself welcoming you inside (or a cut-out, but we're playing imagination here). Behind the panels lies an intimate tea room where ladies and their guests lunch or have afternoon tea. Hats? Yes there are plenty of hats all around. Did you forget your hat? Well that's ok because there's a basket full ready to be loaned out for the occasion.   Moving on to the tea experience itself, well it's really quite charming. The menu ranges from basic lunch items such as quiche, chicken salad sandwiches and salads to afternoon tea items where you can order the entire Afternoon Tea ($24.99 a person) or you can pick and choose from an a la carte menu. Because my Mom and I had waited so long to try the English Rose Tea Room and we went to celebrate her belated birthday, we ordered a feast fit for a Queen. We first started by sharing the half English salad split for two which was a perfectly fresh salad of greens, raspberries, candied pecans and a delicious raspberry vinaigrette. Following our salad, the Afternoon Tea for two appeared in front of our very eyes! This three-tier meal was accompanied by our choice of tea. We decided to go with the apricot and enjoyed every last sip of not one but two pots! The tea was so delicious you don't need sugar or cream either. The three-tier tea included 6 mini sandwiches a piece (2 cucumber, 2 chicken salad & 2 salmon), two very large (and scrumptious) scones topped w/ powdered sugar and many mini desserts to finish off the meal. My favorite items were the chicken salad tea sandwich, the salmon tea sandwich and the scone. The desserts were decent but the scone really stole the sweet-filled show.   This is a truly delightful place to spend a lazy afternoon when you have nothing but time. Don't visit expecting to be in and out for a quick lunch. No, tea is meant to be savored and you can absolutely do that at this perfectly tealightful restaurant.
Once again another wonderful afternoon full of tea. We have been here 6 times and not one bad thing to say. Wonderful food, delicious scones, tasty tea, fabulous hats to wear and a very personable staff. We can't wait to go back!
I have made a reservation for 43 of my lady friends. I talked to the owner of the restaurant in person, several times and on the phone and planned the event to fine details. Everything was perfect.  Morning of, not afternoon, first thing in the morning I called the restaurant to let them know that 4 of my guests were not going to make it back in town and as a result will not attend my event. I was assured that it will not be a problem and that the server will relate the message to the owner. Owner was not available at the time.  Here are my honest complains that I even wanted to tell the owner know but she refused to listen:  I was told, without even asking that for a reservation of 40 guests  1.The restaurant will be reserved and available for us  from 3pm to 5:30pm  2. I have called to give a final number of guests to avoid being overcharged 3. The attitude of the owner was NOT  acceptable! Here is what happened:  1.The restaurant was NOT ready for us at 3pm. It was more like 3:30 pm.  I did not say anything at the time 2. The restaurant was NOT closed for the public which resulted me personally and others to sit on a patio chair, very uncomfortable, ....my reservation was not for outside but inside!!!   3. I was still charged for the maximum guest which means that pretty much the fact that I called with a final number of guest attending did not make a difference for the owner, of course it meant less money in her packet!! I was told that she did the shopping for the restaurant and that was it!!! what is that supposed to mean? 4.I was also told that she was there  to wash her dishes late and therefore there is not a refund for the overcharge !! what is that suppose to mean? I asked, am I supposed to cover out of my pocket the  charge, after bringing her business and great business in her restaurant !?! .....and that was pretty much it! The owner only cared for her profit, pocket and NO COSTUMER SERVICE! Hello, we are in the USA here:)  5.The hats are gross and a mess and I asked if she plans to have more or in better condition for the event and I was told that they are donated and that she is open for more donations! lol my guests all had their own hats!!! If health department will look at the hats, they may have something to say about their condition and weather they are safe for the public use...  The place is small but nicely decorated, food great, and staff great but having this experience left me in a position that I told the owner, I will make sure all my guest, and more know of  her restaurant, she does not deserve our money, we pay her bills!!! and her employees by being there! Her response was : IT IS YOUR CHOICE .
This is my favorite morning getaway for the best tea and scones...ever!  My favorite place to sit is on the patio but the decor inside is so lovely that it's a treat as well.  The staff and owner are very pleasant and attend to every need before you think of it.  I brought a large group of women from my monthly lunch group for a fabulous luncheon. The portions were generous and the food was excellent.   All forty of us enjoyed the afternoon which included a short presentation by the tea leaf reader that we arranged for as well.  We allowed time to browse the lovely gift shop next door and a few of the gals stopped to have their tea leaves read.  Jo, the owner made everything so simple to organize and a real treat for everyone.  I still love my morning stops on my own, but I'd take a large group here again in a heart beat.  It's always a must do spot when friends come to town too.  Carefree is such a lovely place to shop, browse, and enjoy the mixture of mountains and desert scenery.  Adding a visit to The English Rose Tea Room makes the trip just perfect!
I am lucky to work in Carefree and have this delightful little gem within walking distance of my office. I see ERTR as a destination---it is worth the drive from ANYWHERE in the Valley.. Everything was simply perfect: the ambiance,. our server, the tea and the food was outstanding. A visit to our table by the owner was icing on t he cake. Her name is Jo and she is as delightful as the dining experience.  As a frequent high-tea person, I was tickled to see the addition of a lunch menu that veered from the typical tea sandwich selection. I had what they called "special quiche." Dried tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach and cheddar cheese in a delicious, rich crust---to die for! (Since it's not on the menu and you want to try it, call ahead to see what days they might offer it.) They have other quiches on the menu such a vegetarian and a smoked salmon with cheese and onion. Quiche is served with a mixed greens side salad and your choice of dressing. I had the bleu cheese---it's chunky and fabulous. They had some English comfort food dishes on the menu as well---I will be trying them soon.  My lunch date had tea sandwiches, warm scones with strawberry preserves and Devonshire cream, plus a delicious array of miniature cakes and pastries.She loved it as much as I loved the quiche.  We loved being served on beautiful china, having a lovely table and basically, feeling a bit elegant and special. And here's something that really won my heart. The owner has a trunk of fru-fru hats (what you'd expect from an English proprietor) that offers an array of styles to don the heads of young girls enjoying high tea with their moms and older women enjoying a little playfulness while embracing the magic of an old friendship and the enjoyment of a wonderful meal.    If you'd like to do something fun, grab someone special and head out to Carefree for a memorable day. Dine inside, or on the patio---either way you will say to you lunch partner, "Jackie's review was spot on."  Enjoy this gem. It's a little slice of magic in the middle of the desert. My only question is, :Why did it take me so long to find this oasis?
Pick out the girliest, most floral covered dress you own and put  it on. Make sure it's pink. Next, double check that you have pink nail polish, lipstick and blush. Ok you're all set.  Do you have a mom? Sister? Wife... Daughter... Aunt... Female caregiver...? Are they in the least bit girly and celebrating a birthday or mothers day or divorce or whatever?  This is where you take them.  You sip tea and nibble scones all while surrounded by pictures of the royal family, flowers, dogs, kittens, tea cups and other feminine knick-knacks. And of course, the hats. They have a basket of hats available to borrow for your afternoon tea. Some of them are clearly for little girls and are a little beat up, but there are plenty of nice new ones as well.  The tea menu is extensive and will satisfy any taste, available in small pots and large. I had the English Rose and it was delightfully light and aromatic.   The food offerings allow for both breakfast or lunch with savory and sweet options. And of course save room for the scones. The scones they serve are the highlight. They are served warm with clotted cream and strawberry jam, like in any good English parlor.  After you have had your fill of tea and scones, walk over to their little shop next door. In it you will find jewelry and hats, home decor, soaps and fragrances.  Quite the lovely experience, indeed!
This tea room is a gem!   I have only been here a few times because I live about 35 minutes away, but I manage the trip least once a year.  It is extremely girly with tables interspersed among all things English, tea related, and frilly.  Lots of women and girls wear fancy hats while sipping delicious tea.  My daughter took me there for Mother's Day and we sat outside on the patio for high tea.  Even though it was 100 degrees outside, the patio was pleasant.  We had a fixed menu of soup, salad, finger sandwiches, scones with clotted cream and jam, and a variety of small desserts.  WOW!  Everything was delicious!  Needless to say, I couldn't eat anything else for the rest of the day.  Thank goodness we found the English Rose Tea Room because other tea rooms in the Phoenix area have closed during the recession.  I was afraid that I would have to visit England to get my  "afternoon tea" fix, but all is well in Cave Creek.  Put on your fanciest hat, grab every female friend you can find, and head to this English oasis in the middle of the Old West.
I absolutely love this place with a passion! I have been going here for about 3 years and always finding myself wanting to make the 1 hour and 20 minute trip to get there just to eat their delicious food and sip their wonderful tea. Here is a break down of what I love most about the tea house and what could be improved!  Pros: -Their food is legit English food and the tiers are so cute! -The decoration and atmosphere is amazing. -The owner is actually British and goes to England often to find new things for the shop, so she knows what she is doing. -The selection of tea fits almost every pallet. -There is a cute shop next door that sells antiques!  Cons: -It's quite a drive since it is tucked in the corner of Carefree. -The menu is extensive but a bit pricey.  -Seems there need to be more waitresses. -Gets a litte crowded since the space is so small and there are alot of people. Noise tends to sometimes be an issue as well.  All in all it is a great place and you should definitely check it out if you are a tea/dessert lover! Long live the queen!
Lovely, lovely, lovely
Love this place. Their quiche is to die for...seriously, if you're a foodie, you will have dreams about this stuff. (I do!) Ok, so this is my second review for ERTR. But I had to write this one because I discovered a little surprise when I finished my lunch yesterday!  I had my tea leaves read by intuitive consultant Janice Roper, who has a cozy alcove in the adjacent ERTR gift shop.   Great lunch, fascinating experience with Janice Roper. (I was able to get a walk-in appointment with Janice---I hear it's a good idea to call for an appointment.) Where else can you have  a fabulous lunch, experience tea-time ambiance, shop and get your tea leaves read? No where but here. Enjoy.
Once you get past the froo frooness of the shop, the actual experience is quite pleasant.   My girlfriend had wanted to take me here for quite sometime.  I hesitated because it was a very girly thing to do.  I finally obliged her and was surprised.  We ordered the Duchess of Bedford's Formal Afternoon Tea.  It was simply amazing.  Our tea was the Chocolate Rose.  The service was prompt and great and we also got to meet the owner, an Englishwoman, so this place is very authentic.    Just an FYI, I advise placing a reservation beforehand.  We got lucky but got a not so ideal table.    In short, if you want to be a good boyfriend and score points with the woman in your life, oblige her girly side and you'll be rewarded ;)
I loved this place.  I can't wait to go back.  It is such a girly place.  I think the day we went there were absolutely no men, I guess it would be a little intimidating for them, but there is nothing wrong, I think I will bring my hubby next time, haha.  We were nine women and had a fairly large table reserved for us.  We all donned hats and enjoyed the quaint place so much.  I had the Pear, Brie and Cranberry salad.  It was delicious.  We had a wonderful tea, I don't remember the name.  I am going to put this place in my rotation for birthdays or just girly time.  It is so darling.
I have to admit, this place is cute.   You'll feel like you walked into Buckingham Palace for a spot of tea with the Queen, herself. I usually order the soup and sandwich selection which includes a small cup of selected soup accompanied by 3 miniature sandwiches. Each is cut into two smaller halves. They are all refreshingly light and unique. If you've got a bigger appetite, check out the Cottage Pie. That mashed potato crust is going to leave you more than satisfied.   The tea experience is incredible here. The Cinnamon flavor is my favorite. It comes with rich cream and sugar on the side. One lump or two? Also, be sure to leave room for a dessert scone: Powdered sugar, warm, tears apart and melts in your mouth deliciousness served with strawberry preserve and cream.  Fellas, "tea time" shouldn't be reserved for golf courses. If you're in the area and want to try something different, check this place out. Call ahead because they fill up quick!
It was better than the High Tea at the Brown Hotel in London or the Phoenician in Phoenix and on par with the Empress in Victoria, British Columbia.  It's always hard to find special activities for out of town visitors during the hot Phoenix summer.  I took my cousin from Dallas as a surprise and she loved it.  The treats, choices of tea, china settings, atmosphere and service couldn't have been better.  My cousin was amused that we were going to Carefree and we turned on Easy Street.  Check it out.
We enjoyed our trip to the English Rose Tea Room AFTER a party of two mothers and their four young daughters left. The children were allowed to run and play throughout the restaurant. They destroyed the atmosphere that we had expected. Neither the parents nor the restaurant staff ever said a single word to these out of control moppets. The children used the hat room as their play pen. We also questioned the idea of how "healthy" it is to allow the public to share hats - the quickest way I know to spread lice! Our lunch was ordinary but not great and the staff is incredibly slow. The noise is the room was deafening.  I did love the dcor and the tea ( passion fruit) was fabulous. We loved the gift shop and bought a teapot and a few teas and commemoratives for the royal baby. A pleasant afternoon but a place that could make some small changes for the better.
My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our lunch. From the service, to the very fresh food, our experience was fabulous. Warm bread, fresh cream, great salads and quiche. We enjoyed it all.
The CUTEST place! I love coming here! I studied abroad in England and this is the ONLY place in Arizona where I can satisfy my craving for a good scone--and Devon cream! The staff here is always lovely and cheerful, the atmosphere is adorably British, and the place is always packed with people having tea parties and cute lunches. Love me those scones and sandwiches--and the tea is to die for! Super classy, unique place: I highly recommend the Afternoon Tea tray. A little pricey but worth it for a fun experience!
Adorable tea room...amazing place for high tea with girlfriends!! The Paris tea is the most delicious tea I've ever had! This is my new favorite place!
We had a great time today at the English Rose Tea Room.  I took my 12 yr old daughter and she loved it also.   We took lots of pictures, ate yummy food and had an enjoyable experience.  There was a club of Rolls Royce Owners that must have had a monthly meeting at the restaurant so things were a bit busy and our waitress seemed a little overwhelmed but it was wonderful anyway.  I would strongly recommend a reservation and you need to be patient as nothing about this is a "rushed" experience.
So cute!!  The details this tea room has really make this place great.  Everything tasted great, I only felt like the prices were a liiiiitle high, but then again, how often do we treat ourselves to tea?!  I would say I'm definitely coming back here!
The place is adorable! My girlfriends and I dressed up and had a blast having an adult tea party. The only downside was the service.. we waited forever to get more tea.
I brought my sister in law and two young nieces in today for lunch and could not be more thrilled with the service or food.  I didn't think to make a reservation (next time I will for sure) but they were very accommodating and squeezed is in. The owner even took time to chat with my niece about her imaginary horse friend Galahand.  The atmosphere was perfection and you can even take a picture with Queen Elizabeth herself. I will certainly return. Lobed every second.
We drove 45 minutes here for tea and it was worth it. The atmosphere is charming and we had a wonderful time. They have a special tier option for children which was appreciated.
Incredible food and tea. I love their shepherds pie and any of their soups. Their spa tea is so comforting pr if you like black teas, get the black current - yum! They have delicious scones with amazing cream and jam. I just love this place. The decor makes you feel like you are in a quaint tea shop in England and if it raining out, you want to stay on this place for hours. The gals that serve you are always kind and allow you to take your time. This is a very special place to me and my mom. Enjoy!
Alright, I'm going to be in a teen tiny minority in giving a negative review here, but I  think future customers ought to know my experience. I have been to high tea at the Phoenician on nearly a yearly basis for about ten years. And I have been a tea connoisseur for much longer. So, you may trust my following opinion: This place is a waste of money and time.  Sure, the atmosphere is cute and girly. But that is all you have to enjoy after shelling out $60 for two to high tea! My mother and I drove out from Mesa; so yeah, we traveled over an hour to get there. And we were met at the entrance to an employee chatting on the phone. We waited for a minute or two, but we received not so much as a glance or a nod. We finally tried to seat ourselves when a waitress stopped us and kindly checked our reservation. The kindness ended there. Sure, it was busy, but as the crowd dwindled to only two other groups, our waitress continued to be curt and inattentive. We had to ask for cream! We had to wait over ten minutes before we could grab her attention to refill our tea pots. She agreed but asked for "just one moment" and scurried off to help apparently more valuable customers for another ten minutes before taking our tea pots and returning them with almost clear "tea" When we asked her to add more tea to our water, she actually had the nerve to disagree with us, claiming that we had ordered "weak" teas in the first place. Needless to say, it took another ten minutes before she returned with the improved tea pots.  But this could be endured as it's never a guarantee that one receives proper customer service. No, the worst is the food!!!! DO NOT GO FOR THE FOOD! We ate three measly, miniscule sandwiches each. It was all bread with a smidge of whatever they put in between the slices. The scones were too many and very, very dry. And the sweets tasted store bought. When I lied and told the waitress that we just loved the sandwiches and could we have some more (we were just plain hungry), she explained that it would be another $10 to our bill! We left hungry after paying $60!!! I have never spent that kind of cash and left hungry. At the Phoenician, they practically have to roll me out, because I'm so full! Terrible service, underwhelming food, and outrageous prices. I will never go again. And I'm sure the waitress doesn't need our business anyway as she failed to say thank you, have a nice day, come again, or even goodbye. She plopped the bill on our desk and walked away. As we left, we heard a party of five discussing their unreasonable bill and how they should tip poorly. I should think this establishment is struggling with ensuring returning customers, but perhaps not.
The English Rose Tea Room is a sweet, charming tea room with good service, good tea, and fairly good food. I love to take my daughter for afternoon tea or for lunch with friends. The last time we went, my ten-year-old daughter and I ordered the cream tea (I think it was called). It was two scones with cream and jelly and a pot of tea for like $9.95 or something like that. Well worth it for a special afternoon with my special girl. The tea was very good and the scones were HUGE. We were stuffed. I would have liked a little more cream because they were a little dry, but still pretty good. Anyhow, it's a fun experience and I love that I live just a few miles away so we can go whenever we want.
I have to say I don't really understand where all the great reviews come from. I'm not a foodie . However I have had some amazing experiences with tea houses and was underwhelmed and irritated that I payed so much to be ignored at the English Rose.  The reservation process was a joke . No clear information could be given on the event that was going on nor was I asked if I would prefer to be seated outside.  I'm pretty sure that TV and High Tea should never be in the same sentence . Alas, amidst all the doilies ,tea pots and glass bells full of FRUIT LOOPS? Was a nice huge flat screen tv.   Its charming but so is DisneyLand . I felt like I was at an amusement park, along with the poor customer service and  pre frozen food and can  someone tell me why I was thirsty at TEA HOUSE.  We I assume its because we were seated against the inside wall behind a table of 8 very loud women enjoying their food under the canopies of campy decorative hats .Perhaps we were simply hidden from our server .... Who seemed to be everyone else's  server .  Not only did our water and tea run dry it remained so until we left . I was unclear as to why there was only one tea provided during high tea, as traditionally three different teas are serve per course . My companion and I ordered different teas and split our pots . We ordered a third a la carte to keep with tradition and it never made it to the table .   Now lets talk about the food . For the love of god do not order the high tea option . Anytime the server says the imported , presume there is not a qualified chef in your company, and more than one menu item has been pre packaged ..  Sandwiches were not fresh the salmon was very strong and they all had the same cream cheese base .  I felt like I was tasting a cheese ball sampler on stale bread. The Scones were huge! And very dry ( which might have been why we ran out of water), more of a gravy biscuit . And the desserts . Terrible .... Old .... Frozen and just so damn depressing .  I know from experience when chocolate coating has a chalky coating its old... Or a sticky coating it hasn't been stored properly . The poor tartlets were rock hard and tasted of manteca rather than butter. Their mandarin tops were as dry as the desert and the custard was runny ( like egg yolk runny) there are few foods that I would consider spitting out in a restaurant . This tart was one of them .  The strawberries and cupcakes get great raves . Because some local bakery made them the day before and they are fresher than most of what comes out of that kitchen . The rosemary shortbread cookies and what assume were tiny eclairs were half nibbled on as well.  I'm giving it a one star review because its charming and if you have money to blow on your children it's a great place for them because they have not developed their palettes .Or  could careless about customer service. Don't drive 45 minutes expecting great things its very touristy and all that term encompasses .
Despite Sarabear's review, we came for the pie. I went with a friend who is from New Zealand who grew up eating the pies. It was a bit of nostalgia for her, and for that alone it gets a star.   The food was decent. I ended up with a small cod and chips and the portion was just right. Pair it with a beer and you've got a great lunch under $10. The fish was nice and crispy but I felt like there wasn't a ton of fish underneath all the crunch. I was a little disappointed in the chips, not as crispy as I would have liked and very little seasoning.   I can't comment on the beer selection as I'm not a conoissuer but they had a decent choice of bottles. I ended up with Paulaner Hefe Weizen, friend had a Coors Light (give her a break, she's a Kiwi and that's imported for them!).   The staff was friendly and very nice. Apparently, my friend's steak and cheese pie wasn't warm enough in the center and they took it back and gave her a brand new one to eat. The place seemed to be a doing a steady business (lots of cops, mailmen, and construction workers) and they seemed to know the regulars who stopped by.
If you crave English pub style fish and chips, You will find it here.... Plenty of it, and in many varieties. They fry up cod, haddock, catfish, mahi mahi, and salmon as well as salmon or crab cakes.  I've tried the haddock.  It's very good fish, but hard to escape the gallons of oil.    They serve sausages of many types.  Saveloy and Bangers, Battered sausage on a stick.....   They have traditional side dishes, like mushy peas, bubble, cole slaw, pickled eggs and mashers.  They make scotch eggs, chicken curry, and several combination plate dinners as well.   They have pies, but not the kind of pies one would find in England.  These are the packaged "fast food" version from Australia.  They are good for mass produced pies, but not better than one would expect to pop out of the freezer.  Don't go to the Codfather for the pies.  Go for the fish and chips.   On Saturday and Sunday from 8am to noon, they serve a Full English Breakfast for $8.99.  This consists of eggs, both bacon AND sausage, either beans or a thick slice of fried tomato, bubble (the sort of veggies leftover from a roast dinner with cabbage fried up with potatoes), mushrooms, black pudding, and fried bread.  It isn't fancy...  The place is in a small strip mall and has large windows, fast food booths and tables, a TV on the side, and lots of magic market or painted posters hawking new treats or specials. If your comfort food is something British, you will find it here.... if not, go for the fish.
As good as it gets. If you want REAL fish and chips this is the only place in the Valley that will get the job done. It was like being back in England ... First Class Sir!
I always found the cod to be greasy. Good but greasy.   Maybe I should try something else?
Love this place.  It was a weekly spot for me.  Weekends they serve an English Breakfast. $9 flat rate.They offer the meal as a whole or you can a la carte it and buy elements of it.  The breakfast was tasty, always hot. I enjoyed with a pot of hot tea with milk.   As for their namesake, the fish and chips are good. The timing is a bit slow. But it's always hand battered and fried to order. The chips are not typical american thin and crispy, they are thick, a bit soggy, but delicious.  All sauces are on available upon request.  They just recently acquired their liquor license and now you can enjoy a Guiness or New Castle with lunch.   Great place for a quick bite.
I finally found a British restaurant in the North Valley and what wonderful fish and chips.  I've eaten in other Phoenix British oriented restaurants, but the fish in this small, unique place is the best.  I went to Southend, England last fall and had fish and chips, I can honestly say, it was a perfect match to The Codfather fish, very good.  You'll want to try all their various dishes and specialty items, but be careful with the sausage rolls, they make the sausage fresh every day and you end up taking several home with you.  They have now opened their Pub, attached to the restaurant with various brands of ale and beer.  You'll find this a perfect reminder of the UK, they also have carry-out and you can order large meals to go also.  Try it, you'll really love it and don't forget the salt and malt vinegar; the non-English will probably ask for tartar sauce.
I have been here several times now and apart from one instance, the fish n chips have always been excellent. The secret is knowing which days the owners (Brits) are working in there, because on those days you are going to get the real deal as thought you were in England.   The bubble & squeak is also authentic and good.  The atmosphere is reminiscent of the UK, with some nice photos of the UK adorning the walls and the smells and sounds of a chippie surrounding you.  On Tuesdays they have 'open mike night' which is fine if you enjoy that kind of thing (pipes, beards and sandals anyone?).  Of course real chip shops do not sell alcohol as they don't have liquor licenses, but the British bar is a welcome addition and it means you can do the pub and chip shop all in one place! :)
I have to start with an old UK Joke.   "How did you find the steak and kidney pie? "     "I moved a chip...    The plusses. They have hard cider:) The chips are not those evil stringy jokes  that  pass for fast food places "or the  crisp and crunchy variants they are pretty  close to decent home made chips  but  having grown up in the uk and eating this for  3-4 years during college   ( and they wonder why Scots have the most heart disease  outside of  New Orleans:))   this is  not just like home.       This is still very much  fish and chips at the "sit down"   rather than take out level. E.g   They are adequate but  didn't kick me back  nostalgia wise and  so far in the US I've not found decent ( aka bad:)  UK food that didn't come out of one or two suppliers  in the states and was lovingly heated to the same directions.   The steak and kidney pie, holy heck it was lame. I'm eating offal here so you have to give me some credit for knowing when the piss is being taken.   It's not an fully enclosed pie like they would serve in the UK which is finger food meant to be consumed on the move which doesn't describe this 80% crust to filling ratio at all.  This needs a fork, and  not that big a one cos three  trawls of the pieplate was all I  got out of it.  So far the only place that has gotten remotely  close to UK pastry  is the  Cornish pastie co in Tempe. Seriously this alone took it from 3 to 2 stars.If it cost $2 more but actually contained the advertised ingredients in identifiable lumps I'd be happier as it is less insulting  in the long run.   Nearly everyone else fakes it  and cooks a filling, then crust and marries them later  to heat. Having ketchup in packets is just bloody annoying, not having brown sauce out  likewise.       Hint  Cross the road. Go to the Indian grocery , to their freezer  section and get their steak and kidney pie /  steak pie /  any pie   , Go to Codfather for chips,  stick the two together.
Excellent, legit British working mans food. This place has it all. Great atmosphere, great people, and great chow.  A fun place to eat for very little cash. An absolute must try!
Food was a 4 Decor was a 3 Music on Tuesday 4.5  Hey, I stopped by this authentic British Fish N Chips joint last night and was surprised that I could not find a spot near the restaurant  entrance to park at the parking lot was full and this was a small strip center on Bell road with retail and service stores that were all closed. The place was relatively full for a Tuesday night at 7PM...more on that.  Since I felt like having authentic "Fish and Chips" the very nice lady behind the counter says "What kind of fish"? They have traditional Cod and Halibut and Salmon and Corvina. Plus Shrimp and Scallops and a lot more.Well in as much as I have been trying to minimize the fried foods in my life, I felt that I was down a Quart of Oil....so what the heck. Hey I just ran the 1/2 marathon last week, so go for it.   Had a piece of cod and the scallops as well and an order of onion rings. I must say, I was impressed with the fish and scallops. Very crispy cod and a nice portion as well. I had 10 scallops ($6.00) which are scallops and nothing else but for $6.00. Pretty good.  Was not impressed with the miniscule serving of tartar sauce and it's $.25 extra per serving (about a tablespoon). Well I must admit I like a little fish with my Tartar sauce. Don't get me wrong, I was impressed with the flavor of the food. I guess I just had too much oil. Maybe that's why I did not like the onion rings as much. They were good but by now, I reached my limit of oil.Again, fish is expensive and these portions were very nice.  Here's the biggest surprise and would have given The Codfather another 1/2 star if Yelp allowed half stars which I guess they don't. It's open mike Tuesday and there was a pretty decent band playing. 4 pieces; Banjo, bass, 2 guitars. After a few sets, a duet with a gal and guitar and a guy playing a mandolin were next. Pretty good, gave the place a nice buzz, people were listening and it was an added bonus to my Tuesday meal.   Finally....Thursday night these Brits open it up to an Irish Band (Raic) and I'm going to go...for some food and music. A very nice surprise in N. Phoenix. They might get to 4 stars soon.   all the best
OI!   This is great food. I have had several types of fish here, the cornish pastie, the bangers and mash ( excellent!), Scotch Eggs, and the English Breakfast, which is sadly, no longer with us.  The owners are Brits, and they explained that there were no fish n chip shops in Phoenix, so I, for one, am very glad they opened this place.  A fine selection of beers and british treats rounds out an awesome restaurant, in fact, the only reason they don't get a 5 is the lack of English Breakfast. I want my Blood Sausage, damnit!
This place is awesome!  It is a little pricey, but sometimes they have an all-you-can-eat fish and chips special for about $10 which is totally worth it.  The food is authentic, I haven't had fish and chips this good anywhere else in Phoenix (especially not at Pete's) the chips are cut thick, the fish is fresh and tastes hand battered, the fillets are whole. Plenty of tartar sauce and malt vinegar too.  If you're into beer, the place has a great selection of Euro brews. There's Soccer on the TVs, they sell all kinds of awesome Irish and Scottish and British foods, and they have some of the wildest flavors of Potato Crisps from England also.  The place is absolutely packed on Fridays, so expect a wait. They also close a bit early, like around 8pm typically. So plan your trip. It's worth the trouble.
Why are there two listings on Yelp for this place?  Ever since my trip to Europe last March 2008, I get a hankering for real beer-battered fish and chips now and then. This pairing is not complete in my mind until you serve it with a steaming hot side of mushy peas. As it would turn out, mushy peas are hard to come by here in the desert, but I am not one to give up so easily. (Rosie's, by the way, doesn't have this buttery little delicacy, reminiscent of Linda Blair on a particularly possessed and angry day.) To my sheer delight, The Codfather did not disappoint! Though just a bit mushier than I remember them being across the ocean, these mushy peas are seasoned well and have a nice buttery flavor.  There are a variety of fish on the menu for your liking. I had the 4 oz. portion of the traditional cod and found it to be more than enough, good flavor and good texture. It sat atop a modest portion of soggy chips in a plastic basket lined with wax paper and was served with a small serving of tartar sauce in a clear plastic bucket with a lid (cocktail sauce was an option too). My husband had the 7 oz. portion of sea bass served on a plate and I did not like it as much - it was a bit too soggy throughout. After tasting my cod, he said he wished he had ordered the same instead.  SAVING GRACES: Fun mementos throughout! The Union Flag, a photo of the Queen, Charles and Diana, a double decker bus, a sign for Picadilly Circus...The menu! Everything British, from Scottish Eggs to Cornish Pasties, Even the dessert is fried, so go elsewhere if you're recovering from your bypass surgery.  GRIPES: Greasy fish & chips difficult to eat in the small plastic basket - a plate would have been helpful. Need patience to squeeze out enough ketchup from the little packets on the tables. Being environmentally minded and too hungry to waste time tearing open 10 little ketchups, a refillable squeeze bottle would have been great. They use them for the hot sauce instead...a little misleading. Stingy serving of tartar sauce served with all portion sizes of fish. Extra sauces will cost you .25 cents each. More like a diner and less like a pub.  Imagine! A little taste of nostalgia only 5 minutes from my house. And at under $10, my husband is thrilled at the money we're saving now that I don't have to buy an international plane ticket in this economy.  If it's mushy peas you're looking for, you've come to the right place! If  you can do without, hit Rosie McCaffrey's for the best fish and chips in town with the ambience of an international pub.
JUNE 2014: It's been a while since I've been in so I thought I would update my review --- FOR THE BETTER! The Codfather serves AUTHENTIC British fish & chips like you would find at the village chippy in England. Authentic texture and flavor, especially with malt vinegar and salt like you should. I've tried everyone else in town with their quirky British names and pub atmospheres, but guess what? Their fish n chips doesn't EVEN compare. I had the tilapia lunch special with an extra piece of fish. The talapia has a different texture and taste than the cod of course. Ask for extra crispy! Crunchy batter is what it's all about! This would work better with the cod since it's a moister fish. The chips are the most authentic as well.  The place has improved GREATLY since I've been there last. You enter at the left door now at the pub area and you're seated by friendly uniformed staff. It used to be that you order at the counter and then seat yourself. Much more like a proper restaurant now which is a big plus. Arrived in time last week for the second half of a World Cup game with England playing. There was absolutely NO OTHER PLACE TO BE for the game! Screens were everywhere.  Also the beer selection has greatly improved. Friday and Saturday still have the all you can eat fish at $12.95 I think. The price went up over the years but hey my original review was 2007. We had to wait a while for our meals but that's OK they were backed up a bit. I'm sure it will be OK when you go. The taste and texture of the fish n chips were PERFECT.
We visited The Codfather recently, not really knowing what to expect nor really having any preconceived notions, as I hadn't looked on Yelp yet.    First impressions - I was really disappointed that there wasn't more of a pub atmosphere.  The interior is very close to being fast food, and not even as nice as some.  You order at a counter and the food is delivered to your table.  I would agree with the earlier reviewers on some things.  I ordered the large portion of the Cod fish & chips.  I thought the portion size and the fish were quite good.  The batter was crispy and not greasy.  The chips were terrible though.  They were limp, soggy and tasted as if the oil should have been changed about two weeks ago.  I also had some shrimp which were good, but not outstanding.  I too was put off by the cheap "nickel and dime" approach - $.25 for more tartar sauce????  And I didn't like the $.35 surcharge for using my debit card.  I thought for a minute I was at ARCO's fish and chips!!     So, the fish was a 4, the chips were a 1, and the decor was maybe a 3.  I have to stretch to give The Codfather a 3 overall.  We will probably keep getting the fish, but for take-out.
The Codfather is another great strip-mall find! This one is on 16th St. &  Bell.  It's an interesting style of joint. Seems to be part take-out, part sit-in, part pub, part mini-grocery. You can run in and get some fish n' chips to go, or sit down and have them bring your order to you on real plates, with your ale in real pint glasses (16oz not imperial pints). There's even some gaming in an adjoining area. Billiards, anyone? [More...]  The cod was excellent. Heavy fillets battered up and fried crisp.  A little bit greasy, but I suppose if it was wrapped up in newsprint - it would be perfect. Fries are large and fresh. A little on the limp sde, but they sure beat the stuff fast food joints call fries. They even make sure to give you thescrap batter chips along with the fries and fish. That's the best part of "chips" in my opinion. Of course malt vinegar is on the tables - you have to walk to get ketchup if you choose to do that to your fries.  Too bad we were both in the mood for cod, because we didn't bother to explore the menu, which is pretty much typical English fare. Bangers n' mash (or squeak), sausage rolls, scotch eggs, shepherd's pie...and they offer daily specials of different fish, shrimp, scallops and other goodies. They have happy hour too 3-6p  if you want to toss back a few pints of their awesome selection of import beers on draught or in bottle!  Even though it was almost closing time on a Sunday - the staff was congenial and helpful. Because it was almost closing time we didn't bother to really check out the game room nor the selection of British foods, candies and trinkets available behind the bar. We will save that for our next trip...which will be soon.  4 Stars.
This place has delicious fish and chips. I've only gotten the halibut so far. After the first time I went, I thought about going back all week! I'm new to Phoenix and so far this is my favorite place to eat.
I really want to give more than three stars, because my family loves this place.  However, the food is so greasy that I got ill once.  Great British beer selection and I love the football on the telly.  Owners are very friendly.  Even took me behind the bar to show the Guinness stout dispensing apparatus.    Not suggesting the food wasn't fresh and good.  It was.  And I have eaten here four or five times so it can be only so bad.  Just watch how much you consume if  a lot of grease doesn't sit well with you.  I believe they will broil your selection and that would resolve the problem.
This place is truly a Gem among Gems...it gets The Highest Review for a few reasons: Great Food. Very authentic English Cod and awesome Pasties!   They also have a mini English-only mart with British snacks (Smarties, Crunchies, Walkers Chips and much more) they EVEN have Barley Water if you're looking for bitterness in a bottle.   The BEST part, however, is the Bar which is NOT very big, but don't let the size and strip-mall feel deceive you, they probably have one of the best and most diverse draft beer selections in town. On Tap is NewCastle, London Pride, & Tetley's as for others they have Smithwicks, Kilt Lifter and they're always rotating great other beers in and out.   They also have a Guinness Surger which takes pure but flat Guinness and sends an ultra-sonic pulse through the pint glass, releasing the gases in the Guinness beer, which then settles into a smooth velvet pint with a creamy head. In my opinion BETTER than Guinness draft, you MUST try one!  They have a very cool Tuesday Open-Mic Night and other nightly specials. It's inexpensive, with a friendly staff and not too far off the 51 or the 101...All around a 5/5!
Unlike other fish 'n chips places in the city, this one offers other British fare as well: bangers and mash, bubble and squeak, and more (see the menu board pic I posted). I ordered the small cod and small order of fries, plus a crab cake. The fries were cut a bit thicker than you would find at most fast food places (this does have the look of a fast food joint, except for the bar area). I had anticipated mediocre fries at most, having previously read some of the reviews here, but  the batch I got was quite good; crispy outside, moist and tender within. The same description could be applied to the fish - except that the battered cod was swimming in oil, and the fries were not. The crab cake was a good size - about the size of the palm of a hand - and just as thick, had lots of crab meat but also quite a bit of surimi (imitation crab) as an extender. That was OK, it still tasted good and I like surimi. Like the fish, though, it was drenched in oil. I'm thinking of coming back to try the other fare, or even the fish and crab cake again - they're tasty and not expensive. I just need to take the precaution of letting a paper napkin soak up much of the oil first.
Will make this short and sweet - nice peeps, ok food.  I have been on a seafood kick and I really wanted fish and chips. I happened to be on that side of town and saw this as I was driving past, remembering reading a review on  yelp a while back...tires screeching, I did my infamous U-Turn that's made hubcaps on my old '67 Mustang roll off onto the side of the road...luckily I now drive a car that doesn't lose hubcaps so easily. ;)  Stopped in and got fish & chips and some water. The water was good. :D  The fish and chips were ok. People have complained about the greasiness, but I'll be honest...if the fish and chips aren't greasy, I get worried. When I lived in the UK, fish and chips were always greasy.  The fish was nice - I got cod...I'd love to give their other stuff a shot when I am on that side of town again. I'd also like to bring along hubby since he's a discerning Brit. He can drink the beer and tell me if it's good or not. ;)
I am really stuck in the middle here with Codfathers.  Part of me loves this place.  They have football on the telly, marmite, and tons of good beers.  The other part of me hates it because of the greasy food and the STRANGE clam chowder.  I just don't know what to do.  I order the mahi and chips.  The fries were really boring and cold.  The fish was decent but really wasn't cooked all the way through.  I also ordered a bowl of clam chowder.  I was expecting something like Ivars and got some runny cioppino-like stew.  It was really bad until I salted the hell out of it.  Then, it got strangely addictive and I couldn't stop eating it.    Really weird.  I'd like to come back here but I don't think it's going to happen.  I'm sure my wife hated it.
I'm really disappointed that I have to write such a poor review for this place.  I'm not a big fan of fish, but I love it when it's all fried up and served with fries, so I wasn't worried about coming here.  When we walked in, I was a little confused at the setup, but it kind of grew on me.  It was very clearly a mom and pop style place, and I can definitely appreciate that.  The decor was pretty awful, but endearing at the same time.  I'm not sure why they were trying to cover up their wood tabletops with awful cheap tablecloths, but to each their own.  I also liked their impressive selection of British foodstuffs.  I wasn't too hungry, so I ordered the smaller portion of the cod and chips.  I really liked that they gave you the option to order a little less.  Maybe I was under the wrong impression that this should be a faster service restaurant because you order at a counter and pay at the counter, but our food took forever to get out to us.  The unfortunate things was seeing the cook put our fries onto our plate well before the fish made it.  That left us with lukewarm fries.  The fries, well, they sucked.  They weren't the crispy kind and they weren't salted at all.  The fish, I hate to say it, was disgusting.  It was over-battered and wasn't cooked long enough.  That left me with a nasty mess of mush all over my fish.  I had to scrape it all of to be edible.  Since this place calls themselves the Codfather, and I wasn't pleased with what is supposedly their specialty, I certainly don't see myself coming back.
Been back several times. Still great. Exploring "English fare" is tricky. Some of it is definitely an acquired taste, I'm sure. But Fish n chips are always good. Staff always friendly.   They have Aero Bars. That alone is worth the trip if u ask me.
bought a 8 dollar bottle of lucozade a british soda that was flat and out of date had sausage that also tasted funny not good
Cool place I'm not English but I do like the fish and chips. I agree with some of the other reviewers the frys are just stock off the truck frys nothing special. I would recommended it for lunch, you can get in and out pretty quick and its a good change of pace from the normal burger joint
Great fish & chips... Very very pricey for what u get!  Unless you go on friday... but the Halibut is crazy expensive... One piece for 11 bucks... ??? Yeah....
I tried, I really did. I tried to like this place. I've never been to England, and I'm afraid to go if the food is like this.   My sixth (or so ) visit to the Codfather was on Saturday for lunch. I had the large cod plate. As always, the food was way too oily. It really tastes the fish and chips were coeked in too old oil, at too low of a temperature. The breading on the fish is too thick and should use something, maybe even salt, to give some flavor.
Loved it. It's a mom-and-pop sort of place, but the fish and chips were delicious, and the prices were very reasonable. Had the cod and a banana fritter for dessert. Great stuff.
Really enjoyed this family restaurant experience.  Great fish fried crispy on the outside.  Great beer selection. Perhaps too much footy on the telly though.  While I could not find a fish and chip shop  in  the UK while I was there  I can count on the Codfather when I return to Phoenix.
I was super stoked to find out that they had swordfish & chips!! great little restaurant!  Lots of English ales and pub favorites!
Divey kind of place for authentic standard English pub fare. Has my favorite English ciders and ales, which are hard to find in the desert. Fries are the homemade type, but not overly greasy. Fish is good, we had a fish and chips plate for $8.90 and were offered a couple of shrimp for a $1 more.. THAT didnt impress. The shrimps were ''shrimpy'', as in tiny and not tasty. Also shared the standard pub bangers and mash. Very good and like I had in London. The ambience, umm , not pubby. The bar, not great.. BUT its what you want when you want it. Staff was awesome, maybe a bit slow, (the lady ordered after us got the same thing and got her order about 10 min before we did).. Again, its a place for your yang for English fare and brew..
I just had the fish and chips to go.  Both tasted like they'd been fried in month-old grease.  Maybe I shouldn't have gotten it to go because by the time I got it home the fish was soggy.  The chips were obviously of the frozen Ore-Ida' prepackaged, card board type.  The smell was very unpleasant. This was actually two step below Long John's.
So I've gone here a few times in the past, but after my last experience...NEVER AGAIN!  What a jerk the owner is!  Since I would go in once in a while for the haddock and chips I figured I'd get their restaurants.com coupon where it is $10 off.  I go in with my girlfriend and show the coupon.  Immediately there is a problem.  I have used restaurant.com coupons dozens of times and there has never been an issue.  The manager talks to me and explains they don't allow the coupn on any items on the specials list and a bunch of other things they won't accept it on, limiting my selection to about three items.  None of which I like/want.  It doesn't say anything on the coupon about this and then the owner (the British dude) comes over and angrily expresses that they never wanted to be on that site and they are not honoring the coupon anymore.  I made the point in a calm manner that I've been a loyal customer and he says he doesn't care and won't accept the coupon.  Why not?  It is out there.  I purchased it.  Nothing on there says it is limited to certain items.  $10 is $10.  If he accepted it I would have spent plenty of money on that visit, plus future visits.  Never again will I give them my money.  I don't support jerks whose food is just average at best anyway.  Might be the only place to get haddock, but it isn't worth it.  PS-It isn't the only place to get Haddock in Phoenix.  Wanna know where?  Message me and I'll tell you.
Truly authentic English fish and chips - I was back in England two weeks ago, had Fish N Chips three times and The Codfather was better than two of them...  I LOVE the English breakfast they do at the weekend (but don't open until 10:00) as well as the homemade pies, pasties and sausage rolls... they also have an English store section in there for various English goodies and frozen food as well as a great bar section with a wide range of English / European beers both draft and bottled. Well worth a visit!
Fantastic fish, shrimp, chicken strips. A little grease never hurt anyone, right ?  I go once a month. It's always a great experience.
Used Resturant.com to try this place and it is the reason I stopped by. Had a $10 coupon, had to get regular items to total before we could use it on the special or alcohol, not a big deal as I understand they need to make money to stay in business. (unlike other people whining here)  It's in a strip mall, but inside its a nice place, love the ambiance. The food was outstanding. Garlic Onion Rings, melt in your mouth good. Also had the Calamari and Cod and Sea Bass. Enough food for a lunch repeat the next day. Yes, the food would kill you if you did it everyday, but for a treat it is great.  The authentic foods were cool. I'll probably be back the next time I get a craving. The Onion Rings were that good.
I decided to give this place a try. We had a coupon so why not? I ordered the fried cod and chips and my husband ordered the mahi mahi. We a few shrimp and some onion rings as well. The decor is simple. The place felt a bit warm inside, but it was clean. They have an all u can eat fish fry on fridays.  I just got the large cod and chips plate. It came with 2 meaty, crispy pieces of fish and I did not care for the chips.  But then, I am not a french fry gal anyway. The fish was not greasy and perfectly battered. The tartar sauce is ok. a bit on the sweet side. My husband really enjoyed his mahi mahi with cocktail sauce. I thought the cocktail needed more of a kick, but it was fine.  I LOVE the garlic onion rings. It is a must if you go. Every table had a order of them so i figured they must be good and ordered them. I am glad we did! The dipping sauce is tasty too! If your in the area for some decent grub. Stop in. The service is friendly and the gal at the counter was helpful if you had any questions. They also serve curry,pasties,sweets and much more.
We decided to give this place a try, this is very average to us but you might think different fish left an Itch in both our mouths....and we thought we might get sick but didn't, It was OK but not great from what we had,..I think if you are looking for British groceries this is fine...maybe the other foods they offer are better?....I don't know...we just wanted to try....but they were crowded....maybe they are normally better   As a slight update I think we had itchy throats from all the oil in the air....we aren't used to that...the air was itchy and we kept coughing.   The fried fish was tasty...we had cod and Maui Maui (the Maui Maui was sort of fishy tasting the cod was better) his fries were hot and fresh mine were old and cold. Thankx Guys!
Wow!! Delicious. We got the mahi mahi fish & chips & can I just say wow! Super natural sweet fish taste where you could eat it without anything added. The potato crisps are delicious & so are there are chips!
Definitely the very best fish and chips in the valley. Mark and Ruth truly make you feel at home, great atmosphere
Fish is very good and the chips are good if you don't get them to go. The bar area has a good selection of beers on tap (Kronenbourg being my favorite) The staff are friendly and the prices reasonable. As other reviewers have said - the decor is simple, and does remind me of Fish and Chip Shops back in England (I am an ex-pat) The grocery section has a decent selection and you can find some decent imported English foods
I thought there was too much oil left on the fish.  I joking tell friends it's like getting a quart of oil with your dinner.  I've tried them a few times now and I just can't deal with all the oil.  I even talked to the manager.  I asked if the oil wasn't hot enough or what...  I didn't get a satisfactory answer.  I give up on this place.  Try Oscar's Pier 83 instead; it's worth the drive.
We eat here a lot, and love the food!  No matter how busy the place is, the service is good and the staff is friendly.  Try the all you can eat cod on the weekends...you'll be busting at the seams when you leave!
Great value.  Excellent cod.  Pretty good mahimahi.
Wow, I came on here to send a link about this place to a friend and was surprised to see so many neg reviews.  My family moved over here from Yorkshire, in the UK, when I was a kid and has been on the look out for good fish and chips ever since!  The Codfather is the first place in 25 years that passed muster.  My folks drive miles all the way from the East Valley to go to this place and I drive up from central Phoenix to join them.  Yorkshire could be considered the epicenter of the fish and chip addicted Brit and even gets riffed on for it.    The couple that own this place imported their fryer equipment and alot of their ingredients from the UK - they even have haddock on the menu which you NEVER see anywhere out here (haddock is a flaky north atlantic white fish that is superior to cod - do not get cod if you can have haddock instead).  As I read the neg reviews I realize most of them appear to be reviewing the type of food vs. the restaurant. Its like giving a bad review to an Indian restaurant if you don't like Indian food - not cool.  Yes, its a hole in the wall and the owner is a no-nonsense Londoner, and yes, NEWSFLASH: fried food is greasy!  But these are the best authentic British fish and chips you will get.  If you don't like that type of food, don't slam a (small, hard working, family run) restaurant thats doing a really good job at it.  Some educational tidbits for the uninitiated:  1.They serve chips not fries - chips are soft not crisp 2. Ask for/try HP sauce with it - thats what many Brits prefer over ketchup 3. Don't get it to go if you can avoid it- the heat of the food in the container continues to steam the food and its not as good (or the batter as crisp) when you get it home 4. In the Northern UK you primarily get haddock, in the south its mostly cod, which is greasier - try haddock if you've never had it. 5. The reason vinegar is typically applied to fish and chips is to cut the grease - give it a whirl
Just ate there for lunch today and it was... decent. The Cod was pretty good, but the fries were awful. I had better Fish & Chips at TGI Friday's last week. Truth.
My wife was in a mood for fish & chips, and with the closing of Chuy's (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-_LMicC814) we haven't had a good place for a fish fry.  I searched for Fish & Chips on Yelp and found The Codfather.  I went to England on business last year and I was struck by how British restaurant this place looks.  It was clean but well-worn in a kind of homey way.  Looking past the decor, I noticed the wide-ranging collection of ales and stouts from all over the UK. I asked what beers were on tap and the girl started with Boddington's.  She didn't get any further.  If you haven't tried one, do it.    I went in planning on fish and chips, but then I saw bangers and mash (sausage and mashed potatoes with onion gravy) on the menu.  Wife ordered the cod and chips.  When our orders arrived, wife found the cod flaky and well battered, but a bit greasy.  The bangers and mash were flavorful, but heavy on the salt.  I'd have liked the potatoes better if they had lumps -- I suspect they were instant.  We'll probably go back, sometime but Wife is still missing her favorite fish at Chuy's.
They no longer carry Guinness Draught. It has been replaced with Murphy's Irish Stout ($3/pint by the way). If ordering on the restaurant side, the cashiers are always underage, so they can never advise you on specialty beers available. Not a huge deal - but if you are stopping in for a pint, it's probably easier to sit on the bar side.   I also wish this place offered table service rather than ordering at the counter. Again, another reason to sit at the bar, I suppose.  Fish n chips still good!
The fish and chips were decent, but my husband's shepherd's pie was literally a frozen TV dinner that they'd microwaved - in a black plastic dish and everything.   (Also, the vinegar was definitely watered down. I could barely taste it even after saturating the fish.)
So my guy and I tried this place tonight. We loved the name and the smell coming out of the kitchen was amazing! I really recommend the garlic rings for the amazing flavor. The food was made fresh so we waited a bit and that was cool with us but the amount of grease contained in the fish and chips and the onion rings was a bit overwhelming. Fish had a nice flavor but that batter just sucks up waaaaaay too much oil from the fryer.   So it was fun to try it out but we probably won't be back.
Before I say anything, I want to give the proprietors of this business mad props on the name.   Although they don't make an offer that I can't refuse, the name alone is tempting enough to give the place a try even though fried fish isn't really my thing.  It's fish and chips.  Greasy, oily, fried fish and french fries.   If that's what you're looking for, then this is the place for you.  If you're looking for some sort of classy cuisine because it's british, then Codfather is the wrong joint for you.  My girlfriend and her parents are from across the pond, and they love this little strip mall fast-food spot.  They say its the closet fish and chips in the valley to England.  I've never been to Europe, so I wouldn't know.  They're also big fans of the minimart Codfather has set up by the register.  It has a bunch of foods imported from the UK that you can't find anywhere else.  Codfather has a nice little variety of fish to bread and fry.  There's also a decent menu of british meals and fast-food meats.  A good selection of imported beer also makes for a nice dining experience.  On the night we dined at Codfather, they were hosting some sort of poker tournament.  I didn't ask what the deal was, but it looked like a lot of fun.  And if you didn't know it was a british restaurant just based on the menu, there's plenty of flags and soccer (oh, sorry, I guess that's football in here) on the TV.
All right,  Get off your shagging, high horse, forget your  fast food, expect some (much needed abuse from Mark And Ruth (the owners) and stuff your face with the best fish and chips in the valley (coming from a "Brit" take it as Gospel) Poker night, a bar, bands, a British shop with all the yummy, very bad for you chocolate, crisps, sausage, meat pies, and all the other things that are sooooooo bad for us but oh, my god, taste...sooooooo good. Go here, forget your 60's and just enjoy the family run business that never fails to deliver.
I think John's 10/25/11 review is the most helpful, and so I can only share some of my observations. I think this place would be really cool if it were retro-60's British fish & chips, the sort of place Austin Powers would have gone to. *Contemporary* British is a huge problem for me if it means huge banners of Prince William or Harry or Whoever It Is & What's-Her-Name and God Save The Queen coffee mugs with the queen on it. Huge turn-off for me. I'm just glad they (England) got the 2012 Olympics because that will inevitably make for a more pleasant dining experience.   I don't like LJS's fast-food "fish" at all. I did like The Codfather's fish & chips here, tastes much better. I also liked that their silverware (even at lunch) is some damn fine china - especially for a "fish and chips" place.   I do think The Codfather would work better as a "bar" bar ONLY, or a fish & chips place ONLY, because there does seem to be a weird disconnect depending upon where you sit. The whole Sports-Game-on-TV-That-Doesn't-Match-The-Sound-(Music)-You-Hear thing that's common in a lot of places.   Based upon my experience and observations, I don't think The Codfather deserves so many negative reviews. Just doesn't describe The Codfather I went to.     Service: Acceptable/Good  Prices: Reasonable Environment: Will be better once the Olympics happen
The fish they use is high quality, you can see and taste it but that is about it for positive comments. We went on the 1st Friday of Lent and the place was packed. We saw a 2 top table at the bar so we grabbed it. The table was greasy and dirty, complete with a dollop of tartar sauce smack dab in the middle. The miserable bartender sluggishly came over and took our order. I guess we had to run a tab since we were sitting in the bar area bc she took our credit card when we ordered. No big deal except she when she brought it back she slapped it down right on top of the tartar sauce spill left on the center of the table. She either didn't notice or didn't care that the table was filthy bc she never wiped it down for us and she was so ornery looking we were afraid to ask her to do it for us. We were not in a crazy hurry to eat but the people around us were getting restless. Apparently, some of them had been waiting for over an hour for their order. Now, I try to be as understanding as possible but seriously? It doesn't take that long to fry fish. The nasty bartender just replied to the complaining customers that the kitchen got slammed with orders and it was taking a long time. No apology just an excuse. Ok, I get it ,they got hit with a bunch of orders at once. They were busy, I understand,  it was the first Friday of Lent but of course they were busy!!!! It is a fish restaurant on the 1st Friday of Lent! One would think that the owners would have planned their staffing a bit differently. We got our food and the bf loved his but mine was cold. On the way to the bathroom, I nearly slid to my death on a smashed french fry  or "chip" because none of the staff bothered to pick it or any of the other trash up off the floor. The bathroom is locked and you have to get a key (on a hanger) from the cashier. What kind of legit restaurant locks their bathroom like a gas station? The place is disgusting, the service is terrible, and the food is inconsistent. I don't think we'll be making a follow up trip to the Codfather.
Newly decorated, awesome beer and cider line up and Fish and Chips. How can you go wrong?  This is by far some of the best fish and chips I have had in the valley, hands down. I am exposed to every fish fry and pizza joint in the valley as my husband is working through them all and I really like The CodFather.  I have tried the Fish and Chips and the onion rings here. I was not disappointed, the tarter sauce is tangy, the fish is hot and fresh. The batter is awesome. Have a pint of strongbow cider. Do it. It goes great with the meal.  I also think its really cool that they have a little store with all sorts of items from across the pond. Stuff you really wouldn't be exposed to here in America. I dig it.  Protip: They are closed on Mondays.
Decent fish and chips- the all you can eat version was a pretty good deal.  My biggest issue is that I like for the breading to stay ON my fish. It was a bit on the bland and oily side even after I doused it in malt vinegar. Is British malt vinegar less potent than the US version? The tartar sauce did taste homemade though. Overall this is probably the second or third best fish and chips I've had in the valley. Love the Lego table for the kids to play at!
Of all the places that I've eaten Fish and Chip in the USA this is by far the best.   The building and actual restaurant was disappointingly American looking despite the picture of the Queen and other UK inspired decoration. I wasn't that hopeful for the quality of the Fish and Chips.  Order was taken by an obvious Brit so my exceptions raised a bit. When the food came it looked just like you'd get in good old blighty. Portion size was good.   The fish came as it should in one piece with the batter lovely and crispy and the fish wonderfully moist and flaky. Chips were proper chunky chips not those horrible 'fries'   If I had one criticism of the place I'd say it was the decoration... its too 'Rule Britannia' maybe thats what Americans want/like but I think it would look better if they made it a bit more like a UK chippy i.e 'Cool Britannia'  Anyway this place is now in my address book for future visits!
so sadly mediocre i had to just take one star off. The food left me feeling disgusting afterwards.  Most fried foods do, but you know when there is more batter than fish, and oil than batter that your food isn't going to be good.   If i could go back in time i would have walked next door and gone to Spinatos nuff said.  there really isnt any type of PR at all going on. Infact you have to initiate everything. Go up to the counter and say what you want. Don't wait to be asked, don't ask what they like cause they wont really respond...but maybe they were giving me an honest answer cause i certainly didn't like anything here.
Love this place. The fish and chips are crispy and good. Love the Cornish pasty too. The bangers and mash really fill one up--I had to try the mushy peas and LOVED 'em!! The little grocery in the restaurant has lots of Brit staples too. Good beer selection. I'm glad they recently remodeled. The owners are very nice too.Next time I will try the Scotch eggs...
I enjoy good fish and chips once in a while, so was looking forward to it.  As several others have noted, the batter was bland, too thick, too oily and didn't stay on the fish.  My husband enjoyed the Shepherd's pie.  I would give it another try, but not impressed.
Yuck. Grease infested grossness.  Really bad.
I made the long haul out from east Mesa specifically for the market. Market is a really strong word for the little corner of product they had. They did have a few interesting things that I had been looking forward to trying. Unfortunately, a lot - and I mean a lot - of the items were out of date! The Heinz Salad Cream had an expiry of January 26, and my visit was on February 23! So...nope. There were a few flavors of Walker's crisps, but they were also all expired. Not by as much as the salad cream, so I did buy two packets thinking at least stale crisps won't give me food poisoning. I'll just stick to Internet ordering, I suppose. With so many of the "market" food items out of date, there is just no way I would ever try the restaurant side. I'm sad that it was so disappointing.
Went here for lunch today with a couple of friends.  They seem to be big fans of this place.  2 of us ordered cod and chips and one ordered tilapia (he was not very pleased with the tilapia and vowed to stay with cod in the future)  They brought a bowl of complimentary potato chips to the table. I didn't time it but it seemed to me that it took a little too long for our order to come out.  I didn't think the food was particularly tasty, but the tartar sauce made it better, I also asked for some lemon I also think the food needed some salt, which may be good for those limiting their salt intake.  We asked for split checks and that was OK (nice of places suitable for lunch to be flexible with split checks), and  I almost missed to notice our server charged me for a drink when I had only water. They fixed it but it took a little while (probably over 5 minutes)  I won't probably come here on my own but if I the guys want to come over for lunch again, I will be back.  Oh, for beer fans, they seem to have a very good variety (about 60)
I know the English's reputation for bland food. If you were raised on English (read: BLAND) food, then this may be right up your alley. For someone who appreciates things with flavor, The Codfather did not impress. Like the prior reviewer's experience, there was a lot of grease and/or sogginess. The "chips" were inedible. Such a foul, bitter taste. Why?! They're french fries! And NO air conditioning?? It was SO hot in there. The beer was ok. The owner was friendly; that is why I gave 2 stars. But we will not be back. Too many other tasteful options in this town.
This review is for the British grocery/snack section.  It's just a small assortment of candies, chips, condiments, etc, tucked into a corner near the register, but I was happy to find some favorites.  I got some Tango apple soda, which I love.  I also picked up a bottle of HP sauce for cheaper than it costs at my local grocery store's international section.  They have a few frozen items supplied by Cameron's British Foods like sausages and meat pies.  It was slightly cheaper for me to purchase those from the Codfather than directly from the mail order company, so that was nice too.  I'll be back now and then whenever I'm craving another Tango or other British snack.  Haven't eaten in the restaurant, so can't comment on that.
Delicious!! Service was friendly and food was great. I had cod and chips! Superb!
Love fish and chips - just not here.  The fish was cooked nicely but totally under seasoned.  My biggest complaint is the watered down vinegar.  If you are going to serve Sarsons in a Sarson container then it should be authentic and original.
I had a hankering for some fish and chips and this place hit the spot. We went early around 3:30 and not a soul was inside. I was a bit concerned about this but we ordered the Cod fish and chips, as they had an assortment of fish to select from, and we ordered some onion rings. The onion rings were amazing! They had this seasoning that they could have battered everything in and I would have been A-Ok. The fish and chips were also very decent quality. They have a small European food market type of thing and some interesting menu items if you are into English food like bangers and mash. The staff was polite and attentive. I'm sure ill be back the next craving i get.
I was born & raised in New England, Moved to the San Francisco Bay Area, visited the UK  and later lived on Maui ,Hawaii so I know good fish & chips. I can speak with some authority when I say here in Phoenix good fish & chips is hard to find.   The good news is The Codfather Fish and chips is the way it was meant to be made.  A large crispy coating, and fries deep fried to perfection.  If you are looking for this classic dish, you will not find a better place than the Codfather. GIANT piece of fried fish and it was delicious. Crispy, soft, juicy, flavourful, perfect with a little vinegar. Amazingly delicious. the chips were golden, fluffy, crispy on the outside but not so much that they can't absorb a generous amount of malt vinegar. For the price, could you really ask for more  My wife & I ordered the cod, which was a HUGE portion and a side of large chips.  The cod was breaded and cooked to a perfectly crispy and crunchy consistency, while still maintaining the moist fish.     FOOD: I ordered the cod, which was a HUGE portion and a side of large chips.  The cod was breaded and cooked to a perfectly crispy and crunchy consistency, while still maintaining the moist fish. I can say that the fish was fresh and the oil that it was cooked in was clean. The fish was fresh as it didn't taste fishy. The fries were lightly fried and it didn't taste too oily which was a good thing. The The chips were delicious ! PRICE: For the price, could you really ask for more.CONCLUSION:  Grab that malt vinegar and pour it on, because this fish and chip stop is the one to enjoy.
We go here once every few months.  The beer is great and they have a good selection.  The decor seems to struggle to find itself, but if the food is really good, who cares what it looks like.  They have added table service, which was not so great, but the beer was good, so......  Always get the cod fish and chips.  It all seems to cost more than it should, but I don't mind if I am supporting a local business.  The only thing I will remember is to face away from the kitchen space, because you can see everything they are doing in there, it's a bit unnerving and I don't care for having to ask for a key to the restroom.
OMG, simple (wish it had any level of ambiance) But fantastic Fish and Chips.  Great neighborhood quality ole brit style.  Just roll in newspaper and I'm across the pond.
Roy 'The Hungry Englishman'  For those of you who are in a rush then my 'Five Star' rating says it all, this place is the best and importantly the most AUTHENTIC 'Chippy' that I have yet to find in the US.  However as is usual with my reviews I feel a little more in-depth comments are warranted so if you feel so inclined here you go.  As you have likely guessed from my moniker I am English born and bred, although  I must say it is my very good fortune to now call this wonderful country my home.  To the surprise of my (American) wife I don't get homesick at all but it is true to say that I do occasionally crave the odd bite or two that I grew up on, fish and chips included.  To this end my ever thoughtful wife has always been keen to find me an 'authentic' fish & chip restaurant as we travel this great country and I can say that finally we found one at the Codfather in Phoenix Arizona of all places.  I have tried so called 'authentic' British fish & chips all over the country and although most have been a very pleasant meal 'authentic' they were certainly not.  For one thing if you mention 'mushy peas' they look at you rather strangely whereas this is likely one of the most common sides you can get at every single 'chippy' in good old Blighty.  And don't get me started on the battered fish (or lack there of)....aside from the batter being wrong so called 'authentic' British fish & chip restaurants here in the US are under the misguided illusion that two 'finger' sized portions of fish is the thing to offer, when anyone who has ever eaten the real thing knows that one always gets a large filet of fish (usually hanging over the edge of your plate).  Anyway enough of my ranting on about all the places that are getting it wrong and let me chat about the ONLY place I have yet found that is getting it totally RIGHT..namely the Codfather.  What can I say.....FINALLY...a real Chippy..!  The place is very unpretentious but pleasant and comfortable, I think the lady owner is British as I heard an accent in the background and sadly the opportunity to introduce myself didn't arise (perhaps next time, cuz you know I'm going back).  I ordered my standby old favorite (fish, chips & mushy peas) and I was not disappointed, everything was just like I grew up on, totally authentic, so much so I over stuffed a little and couldn't eat for the rest of the day.  The 'chippy' also has a little British grocery section in, so I took advantage and stocked up on a few goodies.  It is also worth pointing out that the price for the meal was very reasonable indeed.  This I found very pleasing as growing up in a poor neighborhood with not much money as a kid, fish & chips was always a cheap meal  (hence the phrase 'cheap as chips').  Perhaps Americans won't find the real British fish & chips to their taste and that's okay but if you really do want to experience the real thing then this is the place to go.  Whenever my wife and I travel down to Phoenix (about every six weeks) we are going to make it a priority to have our lunch at the Codfather.  I would like to say a sincere 'well done' to the proprietors for a great experience and creating a genuine bit of Britain here in the US.        Happy eating, Roy
This place was great! Our host was super nice and the restaurant was very clean. It's not very big, but the food was great. We ordered the Scotch egg to start, delicious. The cod and chips was great. We will definitely come back and recommend The Codfather.
Awesome fish n chips and it stood up to some places we ate at in San Diego.  If you want some greasy fish and chips look no further!
we have been driving by this place for years but just stopped in for the first time.  Wow we really should have come sooner.  This place is great.  everything we ordered exceeded my expectations.  The menu is much bigger then I expected too.  Come here you will like it.
great!!!  great!!!!  great!!!   the best cod on the planet...
Great mini grocery for imported English canned and jarred goods, but the food is bland, tasteless MEH!  --great selection of beers on tap --happy hour drink specials until 7pm --fun little mini grocery for your english junk food favorites and jarred Hayward and Coleman's products. --no-frills, drop-ceiling triple-wide strip-mall joint. No apologies, just solid English food...  But the food is BLAND. Tasteless, flavorless, boring MEH. There is a gigantic salt shaker nearby and you're going to need it!!  ## shepherd's pie arrives in black rectangular plastic bin, straight from the microwave. Sent straight back. Come on!  Is English food supposed to be so uninteresting? Give me a seasoned and panko-dusted piece of any fish, any day of the week over this meh crap.  What a shame.
This place has some potential. They could update the inside a little bit more, have the servers explain a little bit more about the food types and flavors (get into the food more for newbies)  and it would be much better.  Got the steak and kidney pie here (never tried it before since I heard it can taste like pee) but it was really good - no weird or off flavors at all.  It was delicious with the onion gravy, but the mashed potatoes were luke-warm and just so-so.  The kid's options were really limited with sausages, shrimp, fish and chicken strips as the only options.  I don't know any kids who would like these choices other than the chicken strips, which were greasy and not very good.  I asked if they had hamburgers, but they didn't.  Unfortunately the ranch was very odd tasting. I guess the Britts don't understand the American icon that is buttermilk ranch dressing that you can get at any U.S restaurant.  It also seemed a little awkward in that they expected you to know what all the food flavors and types were rather than getting into it and promoting their unique type of food.  We bought some snacks from the British store but all in all it was just okay not sure if we will be back.  Servers need to get excited about their unique food.
Sonny: What the hell is this? Clemenza: It's a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.  The Codfather does not sleep with the fishes, but rather eats them, as my bumpersticker proudly boasts. Chippy + Corner Shoppe. Jelly Babies and Full English. Ta. We were driving around Phoenix and confronted by a billboard that boasted the best cod and chips this side of East End. One does not expect that in Phoenix, but the Codfather does not disappoint. This is the stuff. Up the Codfather!
We hit this place on a Saturday night around 8p. There is a restaurant side and a bar side that is divided in a very awkward way. Plus in the restaurant, it looks like it is counter service, but it was sit down service. I actually don't have a preference between the two  as long as the food is good. We have all had subpar food from a sit down place and great food for a counter place. My only point in bringing this up is that the whole layout of the place is just weird. It could really use a makeover.  Now getting to the food-I went with a small fried haddock, chips (i.e. Fries), and mushy peas. It has been a few years since I have been to England or Ireland so I can't make a good comparison as to what you would get over there. But I can say that I really enjoyed the food I got. The fish was nice and meaty, the batter was tasty, and the malt vinegar at the table had a nice zing to it that seems to be missing from the regular grocery store malt vinegar you can get here. My old lady had the beef sheppards pie.  Ironically, I thought the sheppards pie looked very nice, but tasted average, while the presentation on my fish and chips was not good but it tasted very nice. I would have liked for the fish to come in a basket, lined with paper, that sort of thing. Just to make it look like something they are proud to serve (which they absolutely should be-again, it was very good). With it being on a plate, it just kind of comes off as "look-here's your damn fish".  One other thing-the small portion is really a perfect size as the large is huge. Even though it was all fried food, I didn't feel like I was overloaded and would have my stomach angry at me.  They scored big points with me by having Murphy's on tap here, and it tasted great. For those of you not in the know, Murphy's is to the city of Cork, Ireland what Guinness is to the rest of Ireland. No, I can't say which is better because I have never tasted them side by side. But you can get Guinness on tap in a million places, and I have never seen Murphy's on tap outside of Ireland.  They do have the area of items you can buy. Many of them you could probably find in World Market, but I imagine not everything.  To sum up, I think they have the main things correct in the fish, chips and Murphy's. It would be great if they made some cosmetic changes to the restaurant and the presentation of the food. This place is nowhere close to where we live, but I am sure we will be back.
I've been here 4 times before they had full-service & now with the friendly service staff. Each time we've been there, food has always been the best.  I can also get my Horlicks malted milk from the little but well stocked UK products corner.  Our favorite is the Haddock and Cod fish & chips. Mushroom appetizer and the Clam Chowder.
We stopped in for dinner this weekend.  Something happened  to move the experience from pretty good to great.  The sausage roll and shepherd's pie were amazing with a perfectly done light, flaky crust.  The fish we had was perfectly done.  Still too much footie on the tellie though.
I had lunch here and we ordered the fried zucchini as an appetizer that was yummy but the cod with chips was overly greasy, the grease is still stuck to my pallet. Sorry to say but Pete's fish and chips is better.
My first trip I would've given it a 3. The fish and chips were good but the batter kept falling off. But we went two more times and each time it was better.  There are plenty of types of fish to have. The drinks were fair and tasty. And the atmosphere is nice. A few more trips and I may change my review to a 5. I'm not sure if the place is just getting that much better. Or if our first visit was a bit of an off day.
I had the cod & english fires. ...they were perfect...fucking perfect! If the tables were a little cleaner, I would have given 5 stars. ...I will be back again & again!
My Wife and I went yesterday around 11:45 a.m. for lunch with high expectations... That was our first error... The second was ordering food... As a teenager many many years ago I worked at a place called Bit Of England Fish and Chips in Tarzana Ca. Well the best thing eaten yesterday were the Malt Vinegar Onions... They were great, but that's where the greatness ENDS... We ordered the Onion Rings and my wife said,"Do you taste any onion? I know it was there but tasteless. The batter was light. Then we ordered a Large order of Cod And Catfish... The Chips(fries) were good. The Fish had a taste, unfortunately it was a taste of grease and no fish taste. The Catfish was a little better than the Cod. There was a greasy film left in my mouth that was a lingering memory. Still no one beats Pier 83 or George and the Dragon...service was good, but don't understand why they incur labor cost of a wait staff when you should be able to walk up to a counter and order.. Another 15%-18% wasted... If service is decent or good we never penalize the wait staff for lousy food, they didn't cook it...
Fish had no flavor, Chips were soggy and tasted strange.  Took my order to the counter and said that is was terrible.  The young woman replied, "we don't give refunds".  She didn't offer something else or ask what was wrong.  Never going back.
Been here a few times in the past. Once when they first opened. On my last visit the place was bigger and now serving alcohol. Maybe that is the best way to enjoy this place to the fullest?  This is a British style restaurant with Fish and Chips the way they make it back home. My Son-in-law is from England and he LOVES this place. They have several popular items that you would get overseas. Mushy Peas, Bangers / Mash / Gravy, Bubble/Bangers/Beans and many others.  Inside is decorated with everything you would expect if you were vacationing in GB. They also have a nice market with items that you may not find in your typical grocery store.  We have had the Cod, Haddock, Jalapeno Poppers (LOL) and looking forward to possibly trying the Walleye in a future lifetime.  The food is somewhat bland tasting to my palate. Maybe that is how they like it over there. The fish seems a little more greasy than we would prefer and a napkin is needed to soak up the excess. Hmmm?  Service is friendly and the dining experience and menu are worth checking out. Would have to say that there are better places for Fish in my opinion. But then again ... this is how they do it over in the Queen's backyard. TALLY HO!  3 STARS
Cod n fries. Looked great but after we were done we felt like we drank a pint of grease. Felt sick all night.
I have been looking for good english fish and chips in Phoenix.   This is my new favorite!   The fish tasted extremely fresh and actually like English style fish and chips unlike so many other pubs around the valley.    Great english beer selection!
This is my go-to place for fish & chips in Phoenix. I wasn't sure what to expect my first visit, but their food is great! The fish is tasty and the service is friendly. I recommend this place to anyone looking for good English style fish & chips!
Wonderful dinner last night, the fish and chips are awesome. Friday nights it's all you can eat for $10.95. My wife liked the small British store for treats and goodies. We definitely plan on being back.
I came here with my wife and daughter for a late lunch on the 6th.   We have been itching to get some good fish and chips and this place fit the bill. I had been here before ages ago and remembered it as being very good. Luckily, my memory was good. This place was awesome!  My wife ordered the small fish and chips and I had the large, although I was tempted by the all you can eat deal they had at the time. Our daughter had chicken strips off the kids menu.  What we learned was that the small fish and chips is not enough! The food leaves you wanting more. The cod was well prepared and the batter was delicious. The fries were even good!  The chicken also looked very good. I didn't try any but my wife ate a piece the next day when we were snacking on leftovers. She said it was still incredibly delicious and would love to try it fresh next time.  Service was very good as well and the restrooms were the cleanest I've seen.   We can't wait to return.
Came here with the family on Friday. I had read the previous reviews and I was a bit apprehensive but my MIL really wanted wanted us all to have dinner here.   The area isn't great and the shopping center is older but tidy and orderly. They have two sections inside the restaurant, one for the bar (on the left) which was quite crowded and one for the restaurant (on the right) which was even more crowded :-P  We primarily came for the fish and chips. They have assorted fish (like haddock, cod, cat fish, shrimp, etc) for the fish and chips and you can either get two large pcs of fish with chips for about 10 bucks or the unlimited fish and chips for about 13 bucks (they obviously have other menu items than fish and chips, we just came for the fish). Two of us got the cod, one got the haddock and one got the shrimp, all with a side of chips.   I'm one of those weird people that has to eat each dish one by one so being a carboholic, I started on the fries. I speared two random fries on my plate, put it in my mouth and was immediately regretful. :-/ The two fries were soaked in grease/oil. It was nauseating and I almost called it quits with that bite but I didn't want to offend anybody by not eating so I kept on nibbling.  I'm so glad I kept going because the dish was AMAZING after that initial bite. The fish was light and not too greasy and the fries tasted fresh (they were slightly on the soft side but I'm weird and prefer them a little soft.) My husband had the same issue with his first bite of fries being soggy and the rest being great so all we can think is that maybe they were from the bottom of the fryer or something?   The place was PACKED by the time we got our entrees but the service was spot on. Our waiter was attentive and was knowledgeable on the menu and he even brought out some homemade sriracha sauce for us. My family members were all pretty happy with their dishes too :) (husband LOVED the shrimp!)  After dinner, we went shopping in their British "mini mart" (they have a small store in the restaurant, the size of a smallish closet) which was pretty fun, got to see a fun assortment of British food products and candy.   Fun experience, we will be back! But watch out for that first bite of fries ;-)
My sister and brother I laws' favorite hang out - and now one of our favorite places! The Fish N Chips are amazing, the atmosphere is great a truly friendly staff. Looking for a simple and friendly pub with great food? Put this on your list to check out. You'll be glad you did! Cheers!
Really liked it. Good place to eat. English style food. Bangers and mash were really good and the the onion rings are really good too!
The food was suprising delicious, I'd previously heard that British food was terrible. Anything that they fry has the best batter and the Scotch Egg w ordered was fantastic. We definitely plan on going again and trying more of the food.
English is ironically an inadequate language to describe how wonderful this British pub is. I have eaten almost everything this chippie offers and it has always been great. The fish is outstandingly fresh, crispy, and perfectly cooked. Even the Steak and Kidney Pie, though humble, should not be missed.  Apparently there is some kind of "football" tournament going on now that has people excited and they all rather fancy watching it here. If kicking back a cold one while watching men kick a ball sounds like fun, then this is definitely your place.  Also, don't forget to visit their "expat shop" as I like to call it -- a section devoted to all of the tasty treats from across the pond.  I never knew the joy of a dolly mix until I found all of their sweets.
The Codfather was one of those places I wasn't expecting too much from and got way more than I expected. I've now ate almost everything on the menu in some form or another and I have never been underwhelmed with anything I have gotten. They have a great beer selection and a fantastic selection of fried appetizers.   The fish and chips are definitely the flagship here but don't sleep on their more traditional stuff. The pies are great here and bangers and mash and all of the different "versions" of it on the menu are all fantastic. If I had to recommend my favorite dishes to a newcomer here other than the obvious fish and chips platter the "banger, bubble & squeek,  and beans" and the "beef and kidney pie" are both my favorites the deep fried sausage is also one of those things where it's so good you don't care about the heart attack it's going to for sure give you.  Pros: I have ate here at least 15 times trying most if not everything on the menu and I have never had anything bad or even so-so. Everything has been steller. As long as you understand you are eating at a fish n chip/fried food joint and not a fancy seafood resteraunt you won't be dissapointed. They also have a pretty great beer selection on tap.  Cons: Now even though I can promise you I have never ate something here that wasn't good if I seriously had to nit pick a con here it would have to be pricing. I feel like EVERY dish excluding the English breakfast I pay 1 dollar too much for. Just comparing it to similar resteraunts serving similar things this place is a little pricier than most. It's not so overpriced that it should stop you from eating here but it does prevent me from say, eating there regularly, even though the food deserves it. They also seem to have a difficult time keeping the beer they have on tap stocked regularly. Every time I sit at the bar at least one beer on tap is out. Meh. Not a big deal but just an observation.  All in all "The Codfather" is one of those places that you not only have to try but will undoubtedly make you want to come back again and again. The only reason it doesn't have the 5 star is that I can't walk in there and have a beer and meal and walk out spending less than 30 dollars after the tip. A little more than I expect when going to a place like that. But WOW they are seriously consistently great with everything they have on that menu! Highly recommended.
I know its lame but I've never made it to the C&A on the eastside of town but I like this place a lot!!  We went to take advantage of the $1 off pints happy hour last Sunday and also stumbled into dinner there.  REALLY enjoy the chicken curry for some reason and the Sunday dinner w/ roast beef, potatoes, peas and bread pudding was great for $10.    Its all you need from a British style pub and I've been really liking the oatmeal stouts recently too.
Yes, It's much smaller than the other location on Trop. But there's nothing small about the beer selection! They have all the old British faves on tap and I'm pretty sure they'll have whatever you request.    It's a interesting bar in an interesting location. The bar is like an island that is surrounded by a whole bunch of Asian food joints, i.e. the same plaza has a Chinese, Vietnamese, and Korean food eateries. So it's kinda of odd to find a bar like this in this location. So be it! Good times to be had!    Can't really say much about the food, since I didn't eat anything! So I'll have to see if they have decent bangers, chips, and mash on a later review.   Cheers!
After eating some pomegranate frozen yogurt , i was driving around spring mountain and decatur looking for a new restaurant that an acquaintance of my GF mentioned was open ( little fat sheep or fat lil sheep ...mongolian hotpot ) i couldn't find the frickin' place ..a little frustrated so i decided to hit the crown & anchor for a beer ...or 2...  much smaller then the trop location ... sat at the bar ...put a few $$$ in a poker machine ...asked for an ice cold harp ...nice, pint sized brew ...the bartender ( very attractive ...never had anyone that hot workin for me when i owned the bars ...probably a good thing )  asked if i was hungry since monday is all you can eat fish n chips ...i had no intentions of telling her i just had a frozen yogurt ...probably woulda got my ass kicked ! told her no thanks - after about `10 minutes of playing ( winning ...cool ) another cold harp on tap before i even asked ...sweet ...and ... a sample plate of fish n chips ...on the house ...of course i had to try .... good...very good....so i walked out $50 richer ...even after a $30 tip ... all good !!!
I used to frequent the original C&A when I lived here in 2002. I just moved back to town and to my delight, found there are now 2!  My husband and I checked out the little C&A and had a nice time. Our beer was good and cold, the bartender was nice and beautiful. The fish and Chips were good, and the patrons were playing great music from the juke box the whole time....how could you not like the place?  Definitely not quite the atmosphere of the big one, but it accomplished all of it's pub duties, plus I don't have to drive through the strip to get there now that I live in the NW. The other one is easy to get to from Green Valley (where I lived before)
Ah I didn't know this one is called Little Crown & Anchor.  I've always enjoyed Crown & Anchor, but the original always had slow slow service.  This one is worlds apart in that regard.  Kate, our server, was uber-nice.  We ordered the Kate special - basically the graveyard special burger, but the way Kate likes it.  A few beers in the mix and you have yourself a winner.
This is where I ended up on a girls' night out in celebration of my birthday. One of my friends, being a regular here, knew what was up. Good casual atmosphere with a jukebox and on Saturdays they have a trivia game in which the winner gets $50 off their tab. That's pretty good incentive to come in my mind, it's a fun group-oriented activity and of course free to play. It's not just some lame game they try to put on but everyone in the place, especially the regulars, gets really into it.  Being a pub I also expected there to possibly be more unwanted characters, as my friend the regular had said, but the crowd was good and we got to talking to some guys that had interesting things to say instead of stupid pick up lines and perverted jokes. We were there from about 11pm til 2 am just talking and joking around with them for most of that time. I had a great time but was definitely disappointed in the hefeweizen selection, they ONLY have Franziskaner, which is decent but at least offering 1 more type would actually be considered variety. Friendly service and a good crowd atmosphere will let me give this place more chances though, if only to hang out with a Stella and try out their food.
Love this place, small and awesome. Best burger in Vegas, in my opinion. Also the staff is awesome, friendly and kind. Customer service is great. Also one of the only places to go to watch soccer in the city of Las Vegas. Gets a little crazy and completely packed for big games, but great to watch games and hang out! Highly recommend! Plus they have a great beer selection.
Fave bar in Vegas, was a local there for a number of years. "The Girls" are friendly. Great happy hour prices. Plenty of winners on the video poker games too.   The Little Crown in Chinatown is vastly superior to the Crown on Tropicana, which is filled with limeys that glare at you when you walk in, wondering why you are in "their" bar.   The beauty of the Little Crown is that the bar is so small, that you can't help striking up a conversation with other folks there, everyone from locals, ex-pat Brits, and tourists. Tell Marlene I said "hi"..
The  little crown is just as fun as the big one and a lot less crowded!  The old man and I are found there during football (soccer) season watching the games and hangin' with other locals.  Carlos is the best bartender EVER and quiz night is a ton of fun!!!
The Skinny: there's a reason why it's a pub - when you drink enough, the food has got to taste better (2), service - cute little Britney Spear-esque school girl outfits does not constitute good service unless - well, you're some place else (2), value - there's no value on bad food.  To sum up our experience: when we got into the car, the first thing my husband said was "do you think I'll get sick from the chicken pot pie?"  We headed here looking for a slice of British fare, ordering fish and chips, chicken/leek pie, and a side salad.  To start, the chicken pot pie was absymal. Albeit the pastry was a nice flaky crust, the filling was sour and unpleasant. I have no idea why it was sour. Hence, the question about my husband's intestinal health soon afterwards (he's fine but felt like he dodged a bullet). The uninspired mashed potatoes came with a generic gravy and frozen peas.  The fried fish was overbreaded, greasy and soggy on the bottom from either the moisture of the fish or the oil pool on the plate. The accompanying tartar sauce was too heavy on the mayo and lacked acidity to cut through the richness of the sauce. The chips were not crispy on the outside and were bleh.  The side salad was okay but the house vinegar/oil dressing had chunks of dried rosemary in it which made it unappetizing.  Finally, our waitress. We had to wave her several times to refill our drinks and she gave us the wrong check. I think she switched our check with the table next to us which is a bit mistake on her part (their check was 3x more than ours). I felt bad for her at the end of the day.  As someone who appreciates beer and British culture, I could see this place being fun to check out a football game or some great brews. As a person who is just coming for the food, I would suggest you spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere.
Service was fastand friendly, smaller version of the original location near UNLV,chicken curry entre over rice lol and other over price items.Eye Candy this is a good place to come.. for food... The  littlecrown is just as fun as the big oneand a lot less crowded!  The old manand I are found there during football (soccer) season watching the gamesand hangin' with other locals.  Carlos is the best bartender EVERand quiz night is a ton of fun, I dig this place and also it an fresh cuisine of clean air.
I ventured into this very unknown bar in the middle of China town. It was very much like being in Hong Kong, the former British Colony, and I loved it.   I had a Jameson..  it tasted.. well like it should.. and the .. Egg wrapped in Bacon to start.. what a crazy combo that I love! Very good..  I cant remember the name.. but its one of the few apps on the menu.   Then I ordered the french dip and the Gf ordered the Steak and Mushroom Pie.. French dip was average.. but the pie was amazing. I will be back!
This place sort of took me by surprise. Wasn't expecting much but when I got there saturday night, it was packed. The pretty bartenders was very nice and the beers were ice cold. It seems like a british pub atmosphere, had darts, and everyone was having a good time. The sausage roll was pretty good, and the pie was also delish. I drank the pear cider and it was just the way I like my drinks. ^^
I love the original Crown & Anchor over by UNLV so I was pretty excited to see that there was a branch a little closer to home on the west-side of town.  I eagerly stumbled in on a cold, rainy night to imbibe in some traditional English brews, have some good pub food, watch some sports and try my hand at some video poker.  I should have stayed in the rain....  Service was fast and friendly but I was disappointed to learn that they only had an abridged menu for food.  My Smithwicks was a nice treat and made the shellacking I took on the video poker a little more palatable.   At least the beer would be free I reckoned, considering my 40 dollar donation I just gave to the machine.  I then decided on a bowl of clam chowder which was good in an unspectacular kind of way.  I watched some soccer they had on tv and then ordered a Harps as I needed something a little lighter.   So you're all thinking two stars....where's that coming from?  Well, let me tell you....I get my bill and both beers are on the tab.  For those of you that are not from Vegas, its a general rule of thumb that the bar takes care of at least one drink per 20 bucks played, more if there feeling generous.  I politely called this to my waitress attention and she said because I wasn't at the bar but at a side table with a machine, they charge.  I said that is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard but not wanting to cause a scene, I gave her my money and promptly left.    Considering there are hundreds of bars in town that wouldn't do a bush league thing like that, I have no need to ever go back there.  In fact, Im sure not even the main Crown & Anchor over on Trop would do that.  Im sure if I pressed the issue I could have had it resolved with a manager but the point is, I shouldn't have to do something like that.  Its akin to a restaurant charging for refills without saying they are and then you get the bill.  In today's society, complimentary soft drink  refills are standard so I shouldn't have to argue about that.  That's how I felt on this matter.  Im giving two stars because everything else was satisfactory and Im willing to give them a shot again down the road once my anger subsides...but if you must, do yourself a favor and head to the Tropicana location, you'll be a lot happier.
Excellent fish and chips. Yummy. You are not to have hard liquor at the bar due to a weird liquor license. The gaming machines are alright. It has an old feel to it because of all the wood. I like this place because of the fish and chips not much more. Other than that ...its just the same old pub.
Went there with pops for Xmas dinner and had the Yorkshire Pud with Roast Beef.  There was an Xmas dinner price fix on the board but we opted for the standard and it was delicious!  The sticky pudding was very, very toffeeesque.  The beer menu was just ok but that was made up with the fact that they have pro dart boards and sticky puddin'
I believe Toby Keith sums this nice place up in this song... "I love this bar!" I enjoys self here. A place where you are welcomed and you are ensured a good time. The Toby Keith song pretty much sums it up.. At least for me!!! You all make your own opinion! :)
Xmas British dinner with my father.  Ab Fab and totally Brill idea!  Game of darts, Dad?
Such a cute place! I've been to the one on Tropicana before. And have usually lucked out with friendly enough staff and bartenders. But the bar manager at this place (Scooter) is super friendly! Apparently they have trivia there for bar patrons (and i'm told no one pulls fast ones googling the answers, they actually play the game) and while a friend and i were eating he was going through the questions just to keep us entertained.   I'm not a huge beer drinker, so I usually stick to Boddingtons when I'm there, but the place looked to have a decent selection. I imagine less than the Trop location just based on the size of the place, but a nice selection none the less.   Since i did go on a sunday night, I imagine it wouldn't have been packed. but it was perfect for what we were going for. which was a few beers and their chicken curry. The portion was pretty hefty and easily shared between two people.   Since the other location is closer to my house i can see myself going to that one more often. but it was a super treat to get there last night. will probably be back just for Scooter.
Having gone to the other Crown and Anchor a number of times during my UNLV career, I had the expectation that it'd be more of the same. Well, this is like a reduced-sized version of the other one, thus the "Little" in the name.  We walked in on a Friday around 7:30pm (we were just waiting for a table at Hot n Juicy) and were quickly greeted and had our drink orders taken. The gentleman who took our orders informed m'lady that because of their strange liquor license, she could not take her Jack and Coke at the bar, and had to sit at one of the tables. However, I could sit at the bar with my Snakebite. So off to the tables we went.   Our drinks did not disappoint, which was awesome. A girl who works there came up to us once or twice to ask if we needed anything else, as the did the barkeep who made our drinks. They were really friendly and really made me feel comfortable in the place, which was great.   All in all, this is a nice spot. I'll probably return if  I'm in the area, though I don't see this being one of my go-to spots.
Came here with one of my Yelp friends Aaron K. Originally we were gonna go to "Basic" but they were closed. We ended up coming here instead.   Due to the confidentiality agreement I signed to obtain my job, I am prohibited from drinking alcohol, and gambling. So, I practically just sat there. But, I had a good time.   Both Aaron and I come from families that immigrated to America over 100 years ago to work in the sugar canes of Hawaii. Aaron is 100% 3rd generation Japanese, and my Dad is 100% Japanese and my Mom is Korean, so we most definitely will stick out like a sore thumb at a British Pub. But, in the end we didn't. Everyone was really friendly. Whenever I have to sit at a bar, I am very used to some drunk idiot blaming me for "Pear Harbor" or some stupid sh!t like that. But, the people who come to drink here are all actually really friendly.  They got AYCE fish and chips on Mondays. This might keep bringing me back here.  I also thought it was cool how they had all those pictures of Ricky Hatton on the walls before he died against Manny Pacquaio. Seriously, what ever happened to that guy?
Typical British pub. The most memorable thing about this place was how BAD the steak and mushroom pie was - yuck! Perhaps it's just not my type of food but the flavor was so appalling I could barely eat it, I ended up leaving the pub hungry!
Fish and chips are everything you would expect them to be.  Outside of building is a little intimidating but inside does not reak of smoke and is clean.
We were at Macy's Furniture on Spring Mountain, and thought it would be a great opportunity to try Chinese food for, if you can believe it, our first venture into C-town in our entire 9-year Las Vegas existence.  It didn't happen.  Instead, when we drove by Crown & Anchor, we decided we'd rather have bar food.    After I ordered my usual glass of wine, I noticed the Magner's Cider on the menu, and thought "Oh well, next time."    We had burgers and mine was superb - the meat was excellent, done just right, and the Stilton cheese was an unusual choice (I know, this is a British Pub, but you can't get it at MickeyD's, right?) that really made the burger taste special.  I was able to substitute a salad for the fries with no upcharge, and the salad was fresh romaine loaded with a ton of stuff.  My husband ordered the fish and chips - one piece of fish, but very big, and tons of fries, so I was glad I was able to get the salad, 'cause I helped him eat those very good steak fries.  The highlight was the regular Saturday night Trivia Quiz, but since we're not regulars we had no idea it was happening. It turned out to be serendipitous, since I love, love, love Trivia.    I'd only been to one bar trivia thingy in Vegas before, at McMullan's, and that was so long and complex and ridiculously difficult that my friend and I gave up after 10 questions. This one was different, composed (I learned later) by the manager, Scooter - challenging, shorter (15 questions), and very enjoyable.  Our team consisted of hubby and me, and we named our team YELP.  Unfortunately, Yelp didn't win, but I got to have my Magner's Cider, a great dinner, wonderful conversation with Scooter, and ultimately one terrific evening.
Got a tip from a friend of a friend that the Little Crown n Anchor has a better lamb/beef roast Sunday meal. Was also told to go as early as possible because it tends to sell out quick and when it's gone it's gone.  Given that today was Sunday, I do enjoy lamb, and it was pretty early a buddy and i figured we give it a shot.  The roast plate comes with a few slices of lamb, a giant yorkshore pudding, peas, carrots, some kind of sour vinegarie dipping sauce, a pat of butter,a piece of deep fried potato and an additional bowl of gravy.   The lamb itself wasnt very gamey tasting and had a present rosemary flavor to it. The slices themselves were fairly meaty with some fat for flavor. Gravy did an excellent job complementing the meat. Peas and carrots were your average canned sweet peas, the carrots were boiled down to the point where they were soft but mostly lost all their sweet carrotie goodness. The potato was interesting. Seemed they boiled it first then deep fried it to give it flavor and a crispy shell, potatoes are good... Yorkshore pudding wasnt exactly my favorite but who cares? We're here for lamb and we had some lamb.  Overall 10.95 is a bit pricey for the plate hence the three star instead of a four. If the slices were a bit thicker or maybe two more slices it would have been perfect and justifiable for the cost. In the end it was still a decent plate of lamb roast.
I come here for two main reasons: its location and to play darts.  With its proximity to the restaurants on Spring Mountain, I'm near this location pretty often, so it makes for a great place to grab drinks before or after dinner.  It also never gets too crowded here, so you shouldn't have a problem coming here with a group and using both of their dart boards.  There is a good selection of draft beers, with Dogfish Head 90 Minute being one of the choices.  Beers are around $6 a pint.  Food seems to be decent, my friends have eaten here but I only come to drink.  They offer a happy hour during the weekdays, but I've never made it and don't know what the specials are.  Saturday nights there is Pub Quiz, which starts at 10:00pm, and winner gets a $50 bar tab I believe.  There are a few things to like, not really anything to dislike.  Overall this is a bar that I go to based on convenience, and there's nothing wrong with that.
After falling in love with the original Crown and Anchor I was excited to try the Little version.  I knew I was playing with fire since this location is on my way home from work and I could potentially wind up here more often than I would like.  But I guess luckily for me, the Little Anchor isn't as fun as its big brother.  It has a similar British/nautical theme as the original location, but it's not as dark and moody.  The bartenders are a little slower and the clientele a little clique-ier.  The bar was covered in food crumbs like it hadn't been cleaned in days.  We ordered onion rings and they were just awful.  I don't know how the breading managed to soak up 13 gallons of oil, but it did.  I took a bite and that was enough for me.  Basically, it's fine to stop at and grab a pint after work but I'd rather make the drive over to the original location if I want anything more than that.  Nikki Jo's Ladies Restroom Review: They're fine.  Be sure to check out the interesting bachelor party advertisement on the door.
Strangest liquor license I've ever encountered in any state?  They can only serve wine and beer at the bar, but if you walk 3 steps backwards and sit at another table [not at the bar] they can serve you liquor?  This is like an old school Irish Pub, with really cold glasses for beer, at least 15 choices of beer on draft, dart boards, fish 'n chips, soccer flags everywhere, oh and gambling they have gambling [free drinks! and they comp 'em if you play].  Also, the cast of characters sitting at their bar is pretty freaking amazing.  Great people watching here, eves dropping, and feeling better about your life.  They have a lot of TV's for such a small location. And really good music! And purse hooks... She shoots she SCORES!!!  Surprisingly, they proudly display an A rating from the health dept to boot!  We were both shocked!
This is one of my favorite places to go during off peak times.  Something about knowing that a Long John's Silver once occupied this spot and it is now a slightly divey, miniature imitation of a special spot resounds in my heart.  You'll find me here having a scotch egg on Thanksgiving morning...throwing darts with my dad...pint in hand and smiling.  Little Crown is in an older neighborhood, not too far from my childhood memories, that screams for a place like this.  Come here for darts, Scotch Eggs, and English/Irish Pints!
I have many fond memories of this place - and many not so memorable ones as well. I threw my first perfect cricket game here. BTW, that's darts for those of you who don't know what I was referring to - and that was the only reason why I stopped in on my last visit to Las Vegas. Well, that and beer.  The place is cozy which means it's not very big but it's big enough if you're not in a big group and you're just throwing darts and drinking some adult beverages. I didn't try the food but I recall back in the day, it wasn't "all that" unless you were drunk. There's tons of restaurants on Spring Mountain.   I'm a fan of just about every bar that still hangs up steel tip dart boards. I love darts - and I don't mean the soft tip variety. I mean, c'mon! How many sports allow you to drink alcohol (I do) and throw sharp projectiles?
Looked for a British pub to get some good fish and chips. Found this place on Yelp and drove over. Walking in I found out that it has a pretty big bar and we were seated right next to it. Very fricken loud in here and the smell of smoke is awful. Ordered the fish and chips and waited. The order came to the table and it was a decent sized piece of some kind of fish. Was served with thick fries and some peas. The batter wasn't good. The fish was tasteless and it was unchewable on one side of it. The waitress never came back to ask about our food as she was also the bartender. Also, my soda was flat and had NO carbonation. Place overall sucks and I will never spend a dime in this waste of space crap-hole!
Had a sudden craving for meat pie so I decided to check out Crown and Anchor. This place is kinda dank and dreary but you'd expect that from a bar. Tried the Scottish Egg which consists of a hard-boiled egg wrapped in sausage meat. Different and pleasant enough. I also tried their steak and mushroom pie but found that a bit disappointing. Was hoping for a true pie like you'd get at a pub in London but their pie was a meat concoction in a baking dish with a crust baked on top. Crust was ok but the meat sauce was too tart for me and there was one tiny mushroom in the steak and "mushroom" pie. But all is not lost, I snuck a few bites of fish and chips from my friend's plate. Although the steak fries were dry, the fish is nicely battered and tender inside. Overall, I can see this place as a cool hangout for drinking and playing darts but don't come hungry.
I went for the Sunday roast, a traditional British classic. I ordered the sliced lamb roast and it was served with peas, carrots, Yorkshire pudding and roasted potatoes. The food was rustic and heavenly, it is just how I imagine my grandparents cooking to be...  The service was exceptional. Compared to the crown and anchor on trop, this place is the place to be. Real people who care about customer service run the show...the same can't be said about the other location.  I recommend an appetizer portion of the Yorkshire pudding, they do it better than anyone in town. To me, that deserves 5 stars.
I love me some Crown & Anchor. Every time I am in Vegas I try to stop here. I usually on eat 2 things on the menu and love every minute of it. If it is a Monday Night all you can eat fish and chips are some of the best I have ever had. Any other night of the week I grab the chicken finger and some fries. Warning !!! These chicken finger stand to be one of the best you will ever taste. I know they are a delight to my palate. One think I do wish was a little different here is the bear selection. Though they have a wide verity they don't have many Mexican beers which is usually what I drink. Either way I can't wait for my next time in Vegas so I can get me some Crown & Anchor.
Took an early out from work today to go whit my coworkers for some fish and chip...best in town we've heard...I was kinda surprise to see the Sticky toffee on the menu in such a small place, I find this to be a very complex dessert so I order it...such a disappointment! I usually get up and leave if the dessert is no good, when miracle happened : Dogfish head 90 was spotted between the draft beers!  So I forgot everything about my dry,old sticky toffee and tried to enjoy the fish and chips,  but disappointment hits again, with the dry chips, all the vinegar in the bar couldn't make it bearable...the cod was ok... Would I go there again?! Who knows, maybe after they change their liquor license and I'll be able to have a vodka red bull at the bar, to take my mind off an awful dessert, fallow by not the best Fish and Chips Vegas has to offer! Cheers
Little Crown & Anchor is a tiny bar with a lot of character. It is especially a win if you're a soccer nut. That's not my thing, but I can appreciate that there is a place for them in a country that named our sport in which you throw a ball that can't touch the ground, football. There are free darts here as well, so that is pretty awesome.   One quirk I gotta get out of the way before I sing any more praise. They have an absurdly antiquated liquor license in which you can only drink beer at the bar. If you want the hard stuff you gotta feel like an outcast at the tables. Ok, so in a small place like this, perhaps outcast is a bit of an exaggeration. And they do have machines at some tables so you could still get your gamble on if that's your thing.   Now onto the positive stuff. The staff is always super friendly here. Bartenders always make me feel welcome, they are generous on comps, and the female bartenders are equipped with pretty awesome work attire. I'm pretty sure everyone loves school girl skirts, so that's a genius move on their part. They are genuine here too, we can BS about anything without the pretentious, keeping it proper type of conversation. I always appreciate genuine people. The food is also really good. I've had the burgers, which are not bad, but the chicken fingers are where they seem to shine. Nothing is outrageously priced, but including fries with their fingers would be a better choice in my book. The grilled chicken sandwich is pretty good too! Overall this is a great place to check out for a local bar. If you have any soul or decency, always avoid PTs and Dotties. These are the kinds of places to support.
First time trying this place. They're supposed to have the best fish-n-chips in town.  Fortunately they didn't disappoint! I wouldn't say the best, but they're definitely up there. The Cod was fresh and delicious. However the service left a little to be desired, they only had one waitress. I know it's a small place but damn. It wouldn't have been that bad, but we had uninvited guests at our table who would not leave us alone (gnats) and we wanted our check ASAP. The table next to us were discussing dining and dashing, because they were going through the same thing.  Overall this place wasn't too bad.. If they get rid of the gnats and get some more servers I might just give them another shot.
I'm a regular here! It's reasonable and a fun environment. After midnight daily you can get a burger or chicken sandwich for 4.95 with fries. I'm a huge cider fan and this is the only place ive found that you can get it on tap. No matter how many times ive came ive never been disappointed. This is my favorite bar in town by far.
Bartender was funny, beer selection is decent and bonus star for having real darts! When they say "little" crown & anchor, they aren't kidding. The place looks bigger on the outside.  They have weird rules for drinking liquor which are confusing but I guess is out of their hands? Not sure how that all works but sucks that I can't get a cocktail at the bar or anywhere for that matter unless I order food apparently.  Didn't eat any food, played a few games of darts (and beat Mario in both :-p haha). All in all, good time and I'll probably stop in again sometime.
Crown is about great service, cold beer and patrons who appreciate and celebrate both!
Service was fairly good. Took a bit long to get our food considering we were one of only two tables seated in the dining room. Enjoyed the folksy feeling of the dining area but the food left a bit to be desired.   Got the famous fish and chips, but wasn't terribly impressed. The batter was pretty good but I felt like it was taken right out of the fryer and set on the plate so the bottom of my batter was kind of soggy. :(   Also had the scotch egg which was worth trying to have something different but wasn't my fav thing. The Yorkshire pudding would have been pretty good but the pastry was over done and close to burnt on the bottom.   The service wasn't bad - the young lady was nice. Didn't quite expect her bum cheeks to literally be hanging out. I'm sure the gents that frequent the pub don't mind that but glad we didn't bring the 17 yr old and 11 yr old boys that almost joined us!    Overall not a horrible place but for the price and quality of the food I probably won't be back.
Was here about 3:30 am on Fri/20 Sep: - About 8 beers on tap.  I went with the Pyramid Hefeweisen. - Friendly, responsive staff. - Convenient location at the intersection of Decatur & Spring Mountain.
I spent about an hour and a half here on Christmas day. What a gem. I didn't eat here so I can't comment on the food but the atmosphere,service and the general vibe of the place is awesome. We had so much fun here we went back a few days later and had an even better time. We met tons of locals. They pour a decent Guinness. Little Crown and Anchor will be on my list whenever I'm in Vegas.
Food was good. Waitress was rude.  I came here w/ a group of my friends around 11pm on a Saturday night (this last Labor Day weekend). We were bar hopping and my friend suggested the place. I understand that it's late on a Saturday night and there are a lot of drunks by now, but don't treat customers (who aren't even drinking) in a dull manner. My friends and I just ignored our waitress's attitude and enjoyed our time. We all ordered their fish and chips and it was very tasty. After we paid the bill that we went to another bar and took our business else where. I'm hesitant on going back.
To be honest... I expected a lot more from this place. It sounded good and there aren't that many places to eat this type of food.  My boyfriend ordered the Shepard's pie. It wasn't anything special. I ordered the fish and chips. It was one big piece of fish 0.0 nice portion, but I didn't like that the crunch/fried part was just the outside layer. Nice batter though.   The drinks were decently priced with a good selection. Would come back to hang out with friends
Good place for reasonable food and drinks!  Since we were hungry, we started with the food order and a couple drafts.  Authentic English Fish & Chips ($10.95): One-Half Pound of Beer Battered Icelandic Cod, Fries & Peas. Huge chunk of juicy, flavorful cod! Very enjoyable...recommended!  Kart and Abdul tried the Sunday Dinner ($10.95): Roast Beef or Roast Lamb, Yorkshire Pudding, Roasted Potatoes, Vegetables & Gravy. Super filling portion size!   Everything was good...I'd come back and sample more of the menu :)
Great place to play darts.  They have real darts and you can play for free.  Lots of imported drafts and this place has a pretty low key and chill vibe.
Not really a great pub but more like a bro sports bar with a dark wood interior and some UK beers on tap. If you like loud 90s extreme radio, you'll feel comfy here. Lots of Nickleback and Pearl Jam. The food here is expensive and not even good quality (with British food how is that even possible?). Oh well.
Great place to hang out with friends and get a few drinks.The food is delicious, I recommend the Scotch egg or chicken fingers. The atmosphere during the World Cup was so much fun, and the service was still great even when it was packed full of screaming Americans. They also have trivia nights on Saturday that are fun!
Formerly known as "Sundays"  this place has really changed. They have decent food, a laid back bar, patio, and Karaoke on Wednesday and Saturday nights. (located next to Zipps on Camelback)  This is a very casual restaurant/bar - it could almost classify as a dive bar -- but the drinks are too pricey for that. They have definitely moved in the right direction decor wise and they need to keep moving that way...  I'm pulling for you...
The service was good. It was clean. And it was very, Very, VERY full of a ton of really old people.  I haven't seen this many old people in the same place at once since my last trek to Sun City.  But I didn't hold the old people factor against One Eyed Dog. I like old people. I had a minor in gerontology in undergrad.  It was just a little peculiar.  On a Friday night, I felt a little like I was sitting in a nursing home cafeteria.  Then I noticed that this place was supposed to be a British pub.  And their decorations seemed a bit, um, TGIBritain.  But I'm no expert on what is an authentic British look, so I didn't hold that against them either.  But the food was unimpressive.  I wasn't really hungry, and I joined my guests late, so I just sampled what my husband ordered.  The wings were peculiar.  I wasn't there when he ordered, but I'm sure that he asked for the wings to be crispy.  This is the first time that I ever had wings that were too crispy.  They were dessicated.  And the sauce was adequately hot, but too vinegary, and with a peculiarly flavored vinegar.  Maybe they used malted vinegar?  I've never tasted an octogenarian, but I imagine this is what they might taste like.  The few fries I tasted were like frozen french fries that I could easily make at home.  Our friend ordered the fish fry sandwich, Walleye, which he seemed pleased with.  The waitress told us that the fish fry dinner was even better with the sides.  I'll take her word for it, she was very nice and efficient.  It's near our friend's place, so if he suggested it again, I wouldn't say no and I would definitely stick with the fish fry dinner.  But I won't be rushing back.
I came for the fish fry.  (In my native town, do not even think of ordering a burger on a Friday night; the Friday fish fry is ingrained into the culture.  I missed it.)  I was told the Walleye sandwich was the best.  Meh.  It was good, but I have had better.  My dinner guest ordered the cod...similar reaction...good but not outstanding.  The pricing was average (or is it more accurate to say expected).  The service was poor; when there are few people in the bar/patio area, I expect the service to be outstanding.
CLOSED:  The One Eyed Dog is gone. Under new ownership and is now Clancy's Pub. New menu.
The Mrs. had a hankering for fish & chips so we decided to try a nearby local place we'd been wondering about for a while. It was formerly another bar but not too long ago changed into an English pub. We've been in the strip mall a million times but hadn't tried it since the change or in its previous incarnation.  Walking up, it looked pretty cool. They have a small patio that had a firepit (portable) outside that was lit. As it was a bit rainy & chilly, looked pretty iniviting. With the 2 small kids, we headed inside though.  Inside was interesting as well. Huge circular bar in the middle of the restaurant was definitely the most prominent feature. It had a very casual vibe, TVs showing sports throughout, and posters giving it some English character. It was quite busy and the crowd was very mixed. After being there for a good while, the Mrs. & I agreed that it was an interesting place to people watch. There were a good number of seniors concentrating on their food, some super casual young folk drinking & hanging out & some middle aged folks that looked to be kind of on the prowl. Definitely had a huge local feel. The server said they have a ton of regulars.   As far as the food, we did 3 orders of the fish & chips (cod). They also had a couple walleye dishes. The fish & chips were great. With the Mrs. being from Australia, fish & chips are a big thing. Totally got her approval. In recent visits to places we've really liked in the past, we've come across dry fish with way too much batter. This definitely wasn't the case. The fish was moist, mild & tasty. The batter was light but crispy. Just right. The server said the owner was from York and they make their batter the traditional way every morning. The fries also passed the Aussie test. Nice big "chips". Malt vinegar, HP & the other necessities were also available. They also had some nice beer on tap (Boddington's & Tetley's were 2 that stood out in my mind).  They also had some other interesting things on the menu that we need to go back & try: Scotch egg, shepherd's pie, bangers & mash, bangers, beans & chips. No pasties or sausage rolls.  All in all, it was a good time & we'll definitely be heading back.
We went here today looking for some authentic Scotish cuisine and I was very impressed. The location is very good for those exploring Edinburghs old town and famous royal mile. The decor was a bit old skool with some tacky pictures on the wall but when the food arrived you will no longer notice them because our meal was delicious.
The Wee Windaes is great if you're looking for an alternative to the uber cool food establishments in Edinburgh.  By that I don't mean that it is the dork of Edinburgh's restaurants or anything - far from it. It's got a great, solid menu that will rival many of Edinburgh's finest dining places, and is a firm favourite with the locals.   It's got a really impressive seafood menu which includes the classic cullen skink but I am a sucker for Bangers and Mash, so I opted for that last time I was here. It was absolutely delicious and done to perfection. It's simple but one of their strongest and most popular options.  The decor is staid and arguably a little dated but I quite like its charm. The way it looks reminds me of hotel dining rooms I used to visit in British seaside resorts when I was a kid. It looks like it's not changed in years but there's something comforting about that.  My only complaint would be a small one - its opening hours. They serve food from 6-10 but sometimes I'm really craving a bangers and mash if I'm through for a gig and have done a shift of mad dancing. But that's a selfish demand and it's nice to pop in for a quiet, calming meal at dinnertime.  Good old fashioned grub with a couple of fancy options. I like it.
Checked out the 2 course lunch for 7 quid which I thought was reasonable, especially for this street. I started with the Soup of the Day, which should be the Soup Of Every Day because it never changes, but hey, it was nice.  I was so curious to see what a chicken and bacon crepe looked like so I ordered. My imagination couldn't prepare me for what was put on my plate. It's exactly as strange as it sounds and if you insist on ordering, remove the Crepe ASAP, otherwise it will absorb the bacon grease. Strange, but tasty.  Not a bad at all.
Smoke Stack is an American style chargrill restaurant situated in Broughton Street.  It specialises in meat (steaks in particular) so if you're dining with a rampant carnivore, there will definitely be lots on the menu to please them. The menu features four different cuts of steak and six different sauces to compliment them. Portions are pretty large and if you go for a weekend brunch, your meal will set you up for the day. In particular the all day breakfast is brilliant, you get massive portions of beans, Crombie's sausages, bacon and eggs served alongside slabs of tasty bread (there's no cheap white sliced here), all for a meagre 6.95. The menu generally represents good value for money, the pre-theatre menu served between 5-6.30pm is only 9.95 for two courses.  The decor could probably do with a bit of an update, what was once 'modern' is now looking a bit nineties. However the staff are friendly and the service is really good, you'll leave with a full tum and a smile on your face.
Stopped by the Smoke Stack cuz Hamburger Heaven was closed, and it was starting to rain.  GOOD DECISION.  Opted for the two-course lunch deal for 7.95, and was treated to a big bowl of the BEST mussels I've ever had, a steak sandwich, a huge bowl of excellent chips (fries to my fellow Americans), and a small side salad.  While the steak was a little overcooked for my personal taste, I can't exactly fault the kitchen as I didn't request it the way I would've wanted it.  But forget the sandwich for a minute and savor that tarragon, white wine and cream sauce in which the mussels were bathing.  Good Lord... I dunno if I'll ever want bivalves any other way.  This is quality food for a song with friendly service in an unpretentious setting.
Quite possibly the best piece of steak I have ever had. While visiting Edinburgh, I had planned to go to at least one steakhouse based on the reputation of Aberdeen cows so I stopped by the Smoke Stack. I was able to walk right in since it was still early in the night. Service was pleasant and the atmosphere was nice and modern. I ordered the filet and mash. Price was good for a steakhouse, but not cheap. Also ordered garlic bread for an appetizer. The bread came out in a timely manner and was good. The filet also came out in a timely manner. The first cut into the steak was like cutting into butter. It was more than tender- words cannot describe it. The taste was also out of this world. The mash was also good as well, but I was left speechless with how good the steak tasted (you shouldn't speak with your mouth open anyways, but you get the point!) This is a must go!
I love steak. Potentially one of my favourite meals. So when a voucher came out for two steaks, a bottle of wine, salad and chips for 28 from Smoke Stack I was on it like a car bonnet (yes, I just went there).  The restaurant is laid back, not a fancy affair, great for pre / post pub grub. However the prices are still quite 'fancy' in and of themselves. 16.95 for a steak with no sides. I saw a table next to us receive their steak main. And it was just that. A steak, on a plate, with one leaf of lettuce as garnish. So add on sides and you'll be looking at 20 - 22 for a steak main. Quite pricey.  Now, given that, I have to say I wasn't overly impressed with the steak. It was sirloin. It wasn't badly cooked although when I asked for rare it was more medium (not even medium-rare). But still enjoyable to eat nonetheless. It's just I've been to many other restaurants in Edinburgh that do amazing steaks, at a cheaper price. It was like a shop-bought steak grilled at home. Nice but...quite underwhelming.  The calamari starter was really, really good and the mussells looked tasty. I've also heard the burgers are outstanding. So it wasn't that it wasn't good food, it's just for a steak house charging 20 for a main, the quality really didn't reflect the price.  So don't know if I'd rush back, given the other delicious eateries nearby as well, but it was a nice meal all the same.  Boy sitting on this fence is sore.....
Had brunch here the other day...Average is an understatement...Yikes!  Wasn't our 1st choice, given that Broughton St has SO many options (however, on a Sunday it always pays to book!)!   The place was empty... should have been 1st warning.  The waitress was pretty glum... 2nd.  My friend's bacon roll had to be sent back because the bun was charred... 3rd.  Shall I go on?  In all honesty, I don't really feel like wasting much more time on this review.  Won't bother going back, and normally I give a place at least a few goes.... not this time.  (And no, this review is nothing to do with side of bed I got up on!) ;-)
a rainy sunday afternoon (which ironically reflected the mood i was in) i found myself wandering down broughton street to the smoke stack for a lunch meeting...or a lunch date, i'm not really sure what it would be called.  either way i was here for lunch.  on arrival at 1pm the restaurant was totally empty save me and the guy who told me to pick any table and brought over some menus.  i was a bit concerned about this as an empty restaurant usually means the food isn't that great.... i started wondering if maybe i should text my lunch date to let him know this and ask if we should move to treacle.  however, i stayed put and when my lunch date arrived we took our time deciding on what to have.  i believe that the smoke stack has a specific weekend menu that has an offering of brunch all day.  while i was initially tempted by this, i was also tempted by the burger or steak sandwich.  too many choices and being indecivise made us send the waitress away with just a drinks order, mmmm ginger beer!, while we thought a bit more.  i ended up with the steak sandwich and my date the chicken club.  we had a wee wait for the food after our order which was reassuring that it was being made fresh.  and when the plates did come out neither of us were disappointed.  my steak sandwich was literally a steak on ciabatta!!  a whole steak!!!!  usually this sandwich is some thin slices of steak served with lots of fried onions to mask the fact that there isn't that much steak.    after a quick assembly of the two halves and making sure all the fried onions were secure in the ciabatta i took a bite and yum!!  the steak was tender and the onions nicely caramelised with a hint of mustard mayo on a nicely toasted roll.  it was supremely tasty!  maybe not the best i've ever had, but definitely very good.  my chips were fresh and crispy and i ate them all after taking on the majority of my sandwich.  my date's empty plate clearly reflected that he'd enjoyed his chicken club as well.  while we were waiting for our food and eating the restaurant began to slowly fill up, so maybe this is just a later lunch spot and i was an early bird turning up at 1pm.  the service as well was very good, although they seemed a bit cautious of our table as i was visibly upset and i don't think they wanted to interrupt.  i really need to stop being the girl that cries in public places... but well done for their professional service during my upset and not making it obvious to other diners what was going on!  so this place gets 4 stars as i would like to go again (maybe in a few months when they forget about my most recent tearful visit!) and try some other options on their menu.
Went to Smoke Stack to have a Sunday brunch with my husband. We had an itison voucher which offered waffles, coffee/tea, and a Bloody Mary or other cocktail.  Booked table for 12 as the small print mentioned the licence law, which meant that our Bloody Marys could only be consumed after 12.30..  On arrival the place was almost empty. The orders were taken, but I was slightly surprised that there was no choice of coffees or teas - I would have maybe gone for a cappuccino but never mind. The drinks arrived with some milk on the side.   Then a while later, the waffles arrived. i had waffles with smoked salmon and scrambled eggs, and my husband chose bacon and maple syrup waffles.  They were ok, nothing special though.   Bloody Marys were brought to the table, and again - nothing special.  At this point I really realised what annoyed me about this place is we had to constantly ask for something:  - there was no sugar on the table - asked for more maple syrup and they brought a small jug of what seemed like golden syrup - asked for white pepper for the bloody mary: the waiter then asked if we want black or white?? and only then did he mention that they had celery salt which we took and it complimented the drink  All in all, ok place but I wouldn't perhaps rush back.
Myself and a friend went here for brunch on Sunday as she had one of those groupon type vouchers so basically I got free food :). We had a choice of tea or coffee, then one of four options on the waffles and a smoothie to boot. I have to say I really enjoyed the food (possibly as I wasn't paying, and I hadn't eaten that morning). I got the Canadian Waffles which were good and had plenty of syrup on it. I was thinking/hoping the bacon would be streaky bacon but it was just regular bacon, which was ok too. It felt nice an relaxed in there and the staff were pleasant too. I'm not sure I was totally in awe of the place that I would go back again but it was nice.
Too bad - it could've been so nice.  Sunday morning brunch is sometimes a special hangover time and you want to be taken care off. Well in my view anyway. The promise of a fresh waffle with bacon and maple syrup with a Bloody Mary was music to my ears. Good thing that I didn't actually had an hangover otherwise I would have been really annoyed during this visit.   The owner / manager showed us to our table. Which was nice, close to the heater. He took our voucher for the brunch and asked if we wanted coffee or tea. - huh? I sometimes like simple, non fuss choices this wasn't one of those moments though. I did find out from the drinks menu there were slightly more choices, but I got the idea that on the voucher it was either coffee OR tea.  When our coffee & tea arrived I noticed no sugar on the table - or any table - so it was something that should have been served with the order - so I got up to ask the waiter/owner/manager for some and promptly he did bring some. - It should really be served with the Coffee & Tea (since that wasn't really that complicated of an order to start with)  We ordered our waffles; mine with bacon and maple (?) syrup and the wife scrambled egg and salmon. The waffles were of the very thin, round Tefal waffle-maker variety. Shame, as I was expecting a nice thick square Belgium waffle. But yeah a waffle we did get. The bacon was OK and crisps, the syrup tasted golden NOT maple and very little was served.  *sigh* here we go again..  I had to ask waiter (non owner / non manager) for extra maple syrup and some butter to moisten the waffle. - which was not offered nor were we asked if anything was to our satisfaction.   The Bloody Mary was big, nice. No celery stick, not nice. - and here I went again.. this time asking for Worcester sauce and white pepper. - no white pepper on the premises - but celery salt was offered - thanks.   Too many times I had to ask for additional things that you'd expect to be on the table or served with an order. - that staff was not easily approachable. I did try from my seat, but to get things I really had to get of my seat and go to the bar/serving/kitchen area.   It was in all a bit of an disappointing visit. it is difficult to complain about having to ask for something and if it was only one thing fine.. but so many things that needed to be asked for was very annoying.
It has more of a diner come canteen feel to this place which in all honesty I didn't mind as I was ravenous and in the need for a tasty plate of nosh.   The place was quite busy but the service on point. Although the waitress didn't seem to know the menu too well and had trouble understanding what Stolichnaya was.  As a buggy-barer we typically have to call in advance and ask whether firstly they allow wee bairns in and then whether they can accommodate us. Top marks on this front.   Now for the food. It's good. Not blow you out of this world awesome nor is it worthy of a stinking review. It's nice. A little more of a shake on the season pot wouldn't have a gone a miss but all-in-all I was hungry, it filled a hole and there wasn't anything massively to complain about.   A good place to drop in if you're hungry and need a relatively quick fix I would say.
We had a great meal here. Friendly staff. My wife and I had Rib Eye with a delicious blue cheese sauce... Yum.  My steak was cooked just as i asked, and was tender. My son had the fillet with seafood which he really enjoyed, it was really big, and the steak came on top of a huge pile of muscles and prawns. (Which we had to help him finish!  :) The chips were also great - they were home style, cut and cooked with the skin on, i loved it.
A solid place for a casual bite with a twinge of hipness. Several cuts of steak, bunch of different toppings for burgers, fries, baked potatoes and a few beers and wines. No complaints here! But its nothing to go on about.
Food was great and the people were really nice. I got a local beer and a 5 oz burger, the flavors were really spot on. We highly recommend this place for anyone looking to have a great meal in a relaxing environment.
I met a friend here for dinner, and it was warm and inviting on a rainy day. I wanted steak, and had seen this place in passing, and finally got around to having dinner here. I ordered steak fajitas, because it sounded amazing, though it was 15. So what, if it's good. The problem is that it was only ok. My friend's ribs were too fatty and he only ate some of them. His burger was small, and matched with tasteless pinkish tomatoes. He said he would never go back, and so while we enjoyed the ambiance, and the company, there is little point of spending what we spent for a meal that was less than grand.  The staff were amazing, cute and sweet, and checked in on us a few times. If the food were only as good.
Had my first visit here last night and wasn't disappointed. Friendly staff, a lovely ambiance and fantasticly hip surroundings. Service was incredibly speedy, with short waits in between courses which was impressive considering how busy the place was. The speed absolutely did not compromise the quality though.  We ordered chilli con carne nachos to share and both went with the 5oz beef burger. The meat in both courses was superb, incredibly succulent and fresh. Likewise the side dishes were all obviously handmade and the ingredients freshly sourced, which makes a nice change from the frozen veg you find in a lot of Edinburgh's more casual hotspots.  My partner had the banoffee pie, which he enjoyed but felt was a little overly deconstructed - it was whipped cream, atop whole banana pieces, atop a layer of toffee, atop biscuit. Although delicious, it was a little overwrought.  All in all a fantastic dinner with speedy service at a decent price point and in trendy surroundings. Would definitely recommend!
53-55 Broughton Street, EH1 3RJ. Cannot speak for the food myself, but we almost stopped for brunch here and looked foodie worthy.  Emily Rose Reeder
Came here for dinner with my husband on Friday and it was fantastic. We both had the fillet steak, blue and it was cooked to perfection - one of the best I've ever had. The nachos and cocktails are fabulous too
Full disclosure, I am from the Southern part of the United States. Fortunately I have been to plenty of restaurants named "Smoke Stack" in my life. The expectation I have is that the food would have some beautiful smokey flavour. Unfortunately this place does not meet that expectation.  The location and atmosphere are great, which is the only thing saving this place from a 1 star. The price is high for what you're getting. I got the ribs, which had never come close to a grill or smoker. They seems to have been boiled in too much sauce, and reminded me of the McRib. My wife got the prawn and avocado salad. Prawns were completely unseasoned and the avocado was a wee bit past it's prime. The highlight was the elderflower martini.   One last thing I would like to add...FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TAKE THE BLOODY MARY OFF THE MENU. That was a joke in poor taste to the wonderful drink that has saved me from many a hangovers. I believe it has cranberry juice in it. Disgusting.
I had walked by Smoke Stack on Broughton Street many times, and I had been wanting to try it for a while now. When a Groupon voucher came up for two breakfasts, two orange juices and two coffees/teas for 10, I jumped at this great deal.   A friend and I showed up on Sunday, really excited to try Smoke Stack. The orange juices came out, and I was really disappointed that they were the horrid British orange juice from concentrate that pops up way too often to make sense. I just don't know how people drink the stuff and why they tolerate it! I had expected some nice freshly squeezed orange juice but was sorely disappointed. At least my cappuccino was fairly good and compensated it.  With five different types on the Smoke Stack menu and with waffles dominating all of the breakfast options, I thought I was in good hands since that was what they seemed to do best. My friend and I each had the waffles with bacon and maple syrup. The waffles weren't terribly hot and were served with the maple syrup already poured over everything - an obvious mistake since it drenches the waffles and makes them soggy, and also doesn't let us customise how much syrup we want, or the quality of the pouring. I'm sounding like a snob here, but it seems really easy and logical for me to serve the syrup in a nice little pitcher so that customers can decide if they want syrup just in the middle (like I received) or evenly distributed in each waffle dent. Anyway, the waffle was ok but nothing special, especially when soggy with the maple syrup.   I was just really excited about trying Smoke Stack, and really disappointed that they hadn't done better. At least I was on the deal since it certainly wouldn't be worth spending 20 on brunch here. Also, I was a bit annoyed that the servers weren't friendly at all, and they also hid us away downstairs even though I had made my booking weeks ago and had assumed we would have had a nicer table upstairs. Oh well.
Smart, laid back pub right next door to the statue of Greyfriars Bobby.    The bar is on several levels, with little snugs and bigger tables. It's a nice place also to sit outside and watch the world go by.    There's a good selection of malt whiskies, and the added bonus of Peroni on draught. Staff are very pleasant too.    Well worth visiting.
Yes, it's a bit of a touristy stop to make, but we had a nice time....once we were able to snag some real estate on some comfy couches.  We ordered a round of Scotch, and an appetizer.  So, if you're in the area, you should atleast stop here as well as take a photo next to the Greyfriars Bobby statue which is just outside.
The night that I visited, they were in the midst of a cask ale festival, which was a total score for me.  I tried...several.  I don't really remember names; some were great and some were so-so, but most weren't brands of which I had heard.  They also had live music, which is why I came in the first place.  This was the last night of my trip, and I hadn't heard as much traditional music as I had hoped.    It was just a young guy playing guitar.  His jokes were terrible, but his energy and musicianship were very good.  There were many sing-along, foot-stomping kind of moments.  He pointed me out as the only person doing the claps in "The Wild Rover" and had me demonstrate to the rest of the bar.    Fun times.  I also met a group of four female American tourists, who let me sit at their table.
this a cute place that you just have to be a "tourist" at and at least take a pic outside with Bobby's statue!  we decided to eat here too and it was very good fare! i ordered a mushroom salad which was fantastic! and my father had Neeps tatties and haggis. best haggis we've had!  NOTE: this restaurant is part of a chain, where all the menus are the same, but the bar and names are different!
This pub sits at the entrance of Greyfriar's Kirkyard, directly behind the statue of Greyfriar's Bobby and must do rather well from the association as it seems to attract more than its fair share of tourists. It's not a bad pub, but it's not a great pub either: the range of drinks is average, the food isn't particularly exciting and the decor is nothing to write home about. It has a few tables outside for the smokers among us. I certainly would never think 'let's go to Bobby's for a drink', but I'm in the area and fancy a pint, I would rather pop in here than any of the busier tourist traps on the Grassmarket.
If you are walking around Old Town Edinburgh you will definitely come across the statue of Greyfriar's Bobby, the small dog that remained faithful to his master even after the latter's death. Because of this the dog would allegedly visit this pub to eat whilst visiting his master's grave situated right behind the statue. The pub adopted the name as the reputation of the dog grew. It's a cute pub and when I came here there was some live folk music going on. It's a bit of an old-mans-pub, nothing too fancy and the prices are a bit of a tourist trap but I would still come here just for the story and the warm atmosphere!
Tourists abolutely love this place. In fact, the easiest way to spot the pub will be to just look for a group of about 20 of them taking pictures of the dog's monument outside!  The pub itself is quite cute, in that it's very traditional and "scottish", from the good range of whiskies behind the bar to the Haggis Neeps and Tatties on the menu. That's all great, but because it targets tourists it's more expensive than other pubs in the area.  Aside from that, there's nothing particularly bad to say about the pub. But I've drunk there half a dozen times or so and I still can't help thinking that if it weren't for the gimmicky aspect of it then it wouldn't do nearly as well as it does; at the end of the day it's part of a local chain.
Wandering the streets of Edinburgh, I found myself in front of the National Museum of Scotland, which oddly closes nice and early at 5:00 PM. That's not right. Rather than get myself into a knot, I saw the Greyfriars Bobby's Bar right there and heard the football match, so I popped in. A moment later, a delicious pint was poured for me and I found a comfortable seat with a view of one of the many wall-mounted televisions.  Free wi-fi worked great so I could post a few pictures and see what was next on my bookmarks list. I didn't see any power outlets, though I didn't look too hard. Several tables outside for the smokers and the sun worshipers. This is a great spot for tourist watching, as not only the Museum is here, but the Greyfriars Bobby statue is right outside and the Greyfriars Kirk is next door. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greyfriars_Bobby  Very comfortable, friendly pub. Lots of draught choices. I had a Schiehallion's Lager and enjoyed it.
Whilst I've made my feelings clear on what I believe to be the far more sinister than loyal motives of the little Greyfriar's dog himself, th neighbouring bar, whilst very twee and tourist orientated, thankfully has a far less grisly agenda.  It won't really interest locals, with tons of Bobby-themed junk  adorning the walls, mediocre quality Scottish food on the menu and a carefully contrived "traditional" atmosphere, but away from the skankiness of the Royal Mile, it's one of thecity's least offensve tourist bars.
It's a lovely place to celebrate the mantra of a wonderful wee doggy!  It's very traditional, would appeal to tourists and is rather quaint!  Rather expensive too!
Ah, good old Bobby's.  With over 400 pubs to choose from in Edinburgh, it can often be difficult to decide where to go.  Greyfriar's Bobby bar maintains a peaceful, relaxed refuge while still being situated next to one of the city's characteristic landmarks, only a few hundred metres from the tourist drenched royal mile.   Bobby's is for those who like their pubs traditional, yet not crammed with the usual air of villainy that can usually be associated with such a place.  Upon entering, you are greeted with a slightly dim yet comfortable atmosphere reminiscent of what you'd imagine a stately home would be like.  This veneer is complimented by the tasteful, nostalgic memorabilia that hangs from the walls, such as portraits and old parchment reinforcing the familiar tale of the eponymous canine.    As a student, Bobby's offers a welcome haven from the regular mould of student packed bars scattered across the surrounding city, while still offering an attractive benefit for the beer drinkers in the form of 2 pints of Guinness, Tennent's or Belhaven Best upon the flash of a student card.  However, spirits can be a bit on the pricey side for a student budget (I'd say regular pricing for other non student orientated drinking establishments) which often leads to the formation of "sausage fests": the non-beer drinking female student often wishes to take her business elsewhere. Yet this still leaves open the option of having a few pints with the lads wide open.    The staff here are fantastic.  I have always been welcomed to the bar with friendly mannerisms, even under busy periods. And more importantly, they certainly know how to poor a proper pint of Guinness!  While I haven't personally succumbed to the temptation of one of the hearty meals on offer, I have observed the enjoyment upon the faces of those who have and feel confident that I would not be disappointed.   Bobby's always attracts a good mix of clientele. It is popular with tourists yet there have been few occasions that I have been present there where the place has been chalk a block with them, an issue that often puts Edinburgh residents off such places. The seating is usually plentiful, with a recent rearrangement offering more, however I'd still recommend an early arrival on Fridays and Saturdays to guarantee maximum comfort.   For those musically inclined, be sure to check out some of the excellent traditional folk acts that often play there.   Overall, Bobby's remains one of my favourite places in Edinburgh for going out for a drink or two, and I have often gone for a cheeky afternoon pint with a few pals that has blossomed into an enjoyable evening there.
Greyfriars Bobby's Bar is a great pub, but you can't be bothered by the prices of the drinks in order to really enjoy yourself.  Pints cost at least 3 each and a single spirit and mixer costs around the same price, if not more.  The food looks excellent and their menu boasts a wide range of locally sourced ingredients.  Their roast beef looks delicious and succulent, but it costs about 8 which doesn't give much room for manoeuvre if you're just out for lunch. Having said this, it's got a friendly and comfortable atmosphere which is ideal if you're watching the football or rugby on the weekend.  It doesn't really need to market itself to students as it easily attracts enough custom from the locals who seem to love the place.
Have visited this place countless times over the years. First was a trip with my dad but it has now turned into a nice wee convenient place to pop into when visiting friends who need to be close to public transport.   As Stephanie has pointed out, if you want to learn about the little dog that so many love, then ditch the old tatty book your granny gave you and just get a drink in and wander about this little gem to learn and love the story. The pub itself is in a wee time wrap, with a proper boozer feel to it but it is full of friendly punters.  For all the times I've been here I have never had anything to eat until last week. I ordered the Arbroath Smokie Fishcakes and my girlfriend went for the Curried Lamb Shank with Apricots. Both were bluudy marvellous and very reasonably priced - around 7/8 quid each.   A brilliant staple in the city centre area and come highly recommended.
Greyfriars is one of those tourist trap bars that does everything right but not amazingly. With a cute story behind the name and a traditional Scottish pub atmosphere it is no surprise it is heaving with tourists, especially during the festival. However if you are an Edinburgh resident, there are many other bars that do the same but better. Greyfriars is just a bit clichd, with the old memorabilia on the walls, and the traditional style dcor.   The atmosphere is good though, especially if you are with a group of mates. Due to the fact it is quite small it fills up quickly, but if you get a booth then you can have a few drinks with friends. Don't expect a wide range of beers though, the bar is tiny and always packed. The food too is pretty average.  The pub quiz though is good fun, and refreshingly quite challenging. Also they have live music now and then which gives the pub an extra selling feature, but to be honest, unless you are a tourist it's just a little bit boring.
This pub is named after the famous Skye Terrier dog named Bobby who supposedly kept guard for 14 years over the grave of his master in the adjoining Grayfriars Kirkyard. It's a nice enough place, with traditional-style dcor, a good selection of ales and whiskies, an interesting menu which includes haggis, neeps and tatties, and of course tons of Bobby-related memorabilia.   And therein lies its drawback. Like any establishment that uses a legend or other gimmick to draw customers, it caters to the tourist trade and charges twice as much as other bars in the area. I thought the prices were rather steep here.  I guess the same advice applies as with any other tourist spot: drop in if you happen to be in the area and are really interested in the local legend, but don't go out of your way for it.
Oh Greyfriars. What a lovely place.   Yes, as many have pointed out this has the story of a cute little dog attached to it, but honestly, it didn't feel like a tourist-trap pub to me.  As a matter of fact, when walking in on a rainy Tuesday evening it felt like a warm cosy living room, generously sprinkled with comfy chairs and tables.   I love this place. It's so ... comfy, and homey. Whenever I'm a wee bit homesick, I just pop in here for a nice little read and everything just fades into the background. It's calm, (on weekday afternoons) it's quiet, and it's comfortable. What more could you want?  Why not the full five stars them? Well, when we walked in they had already turned off the espresso-machine and there was no hot water for tea available. Both being cold, we were feeling a little bit sad about no hot drinks, but settled for a cold pint. (Which ended up doing the job quite nicely).   The barmaid did tell us that there was a cafe across the street and that we were welcome to sneak in  a take-away coffee from there as long as we held it under the table. Of course she only told us this after we'd ordered and paid for our drinks.   However, this didn't take away the ambiance of the place for me. I still like it as a cosy comfy well, gezellig (look it up, it's an untranslatable Dutch word) pub.
I can't say I sought out this pub but did end up here my last night in Edinburgh. It turned out a happy accident.  Maybe it's because I was just a dumb tourist but I can't agree with some of the reviewers of the place.    First of all, I didn't find the prices to be any more expensive than any other places I visited.  In fact, some of their whiskies were downright bargains.  Other than that, I only had a draft beer so I can't say what their other drinks prices are.  Maybe vodka is pricey there.  The food was also within range of what I'd seen throughout the city and was actually delicious.  I'd eat there again no problem.  Second of all, from what I could tell, my group of 3 were the only tourists in site.  In all fairness, I was there on a late March Monday night so maybe that had something to do with it.  Still, I was the only "funny talker" within ear shot.  The place was quiet and on my visit blissfully calm with just the right amount of ambient buzz.  It was also clean and just warm enough to not feel stuffy or chilled.  Look, I can't say this place is that different from anywhere else that I ate-except for one thing.  The service here was phenomenal.  No joke.  I almost felt like I was a regular with the great service we received.  Writing this, I ask myself why I was surprised it was so friendly.  I can't say I was ever treated rudely on my visit at any other place I ate or drank.   I don't know, for some reason both bartenders were just outstanding in their treatment to us.  From drink recommendations to their opinions on what to order for the meal, they were always smiling and never seemed put off by our questions.  I guess they made me feel like my visit there mattered and that is why they stand out.  Cheers to you Sarah and Luke!  Bottom line here, if you're hungry and want a drink to go along with the food, you'll get that here.  What's wrong with that?  Nothing, I say!  Ironically when I checked in, I somehow checked into the statue out front and not the actual bar.  Ah well, I was a bit cold and ready for some warm food.  I claim hunger distraction as the cause.  Chain or not.  Tourist trap or not.  I don't care, I'd go back again without a second thought.
We stumbled upon this after wandering thru Greyfriar's Cemetery (from the downhill side) and were pleasantly surprised.  The food we ordered was fantastic - one of us had Beef Rib Pie, one had the Chicken & Mushroom Pie and one had the Cod Fish & Chips. All were more than delicious.  Our waitress was great & took good care of us.  We liked that the bar was separate from the restaurant and that we could hear ourselves talk. Definitely on the "to do" of places to eat.
I pass this pub daily. Usually dodging around the persistent small gathering of tourists gathered around the Greyfriar's Bobby statue. I imagine this bar often gets a lot of passing trade from said tourists, and locals alike.  The bar has recently been renovated inside, and the result is a very homely, traditional Scottish pub feel inside. It reminded me immediately of the local village Smiddy pub that my family took me to every Sunday for lunch or dinner (the type that did pate,  steak sandwiches, death-by-chocolate cake. That was my order for a good 12 years). Anyway, I digress. What I mean is, it's homely, it's inviting and not only is it homely, it feels like home. A magic wee trick, where it will both appeal to tourists looking for something very Scottish-y but isn't OTT or a faux-Scottish feel, and instead recreates the cosy Scottish pubs of old.  There is a very large dining area, for a bar. The bar area itself is quite small and I can imagine would get crowded if many people tried to stay here all at once. So I can imagine they'll be looking more for families for dinner, and larger groups, than a large group of mates all meeting for a pint. But that's just fine.   The food menu itself is extensive, and I was immediately intrigued by a Crabbie's Ginger Ale glaze on the chicken. Served with a good helping of skins-still-on chips, it was hearty and filling and good, honest, pub fare. The Thai green curry looked delicious, and I heard the prawn and chorizo salad was very spicy (if a little on the small side compared to the other mains).  If I had my family visiting and in need of a good pub lunch, I wouldn't hesitate to bring them to Greyfriar's. Definitely not a 'tourist trap' or selling out, they've recreated a genuine little pocked of a quieter Scottish lifestyle.
Good food, eclectic, but tasty!  Wild Boar was really good, Fish was also excellent!
Like many, I had trepidation entering a famous pub and ordering food. However, they have quite good food and the service is great. Try the pork belly.
Awesome food and services. Recommend sausage and mash!
Yami~~~ had dinner with my dad and mum~
The chicken & mushroom pot pie with veg and fries were delicious and the price was great too; under 9 pounds.
The facade and outer appearance promise an atmosphere that Greyfriars Bobby's Bar does not deliver.  The interior is far too bright, the bar relatively small, and the woodwork too new and shiny to generate anything cozy.  The beer selection on tap is rather boring.  This place feels like a chain franchise (ever been to Applebee's in the US?).  There are much better pubs a few steps away on Grassmarket.
We both ordered the fish and chips, and my god, that was the largest piece of haddock I had ever seen in my life.  And it was fantastic, I completely cleaned my plate.  It's a bit pricey, but you definitely get a lot of food for what you're paying.
We did the touristy thing, snapped some photos and entered to find a small, pleasant pub with tasty pies and 1/3 pint sampling flights of ale.  The beef pie and lamb pies were solidly tasty and really good.  Plenty of food is provided so you won't leave hungry.  For a pub, the food prices are slightly above a average but the quality was good.  For a Sunday afternoon meal, we were pleased.  Service was fast, friendly & efficient.  Atmosphere was clean, warm & friendly.    Clientele was mixed, including locals and families.  Give this place a try, I think you'll leave happy.
Slightly pricy for a pub but the food was excellent and the staff super helpful. It was a bummer that they ran out of 2 of the puddings but server very apologetic. Love the story and have been here a few times. Make sure to see the dog statue.
A nice real ale pub, slap bang in the centre of town. Has an amazing Jacobean ceiling. Does quality bar food, at realistic prices. The staff are very pleasant and competent too. You won't have to wait to get served, regardless of how busy the bar might be. Well worth a visit.
Not the easiest to find unless you know the area, but The Guildford is a nice wee pub.    Apparently they have a brilliant range of beers and ales (I'm not the best to ask re this as I'm not an ale drinker) but even if you're not they'll still oblige!    Well kept, well attended and there's the Gallery Reataurant upstairs also. We didn't eat there, but it does look quite nice.
Caf Royal packed to the rafters? Voodoo Rooms too poncey? Just want a decent pint and possibly some live music? Then head to the Guildford Arms. This is a surprisingly lovely traditional pub that sits next to the two previously mentioned establishments. It does tend to attract a slightly older crowd, but I quite like this and it adds an air of decorum to the place: everyone is well-behaved and polite. The bar is well stocked with all the usual suspects and there is a large range of real ales on offer. They have live music on some nights and it's pretty good, plus there's not another traditional pub as good as this anywhere in the vicinity of Princes Street. Check it out next time you're weary from retail therapy.
I've never been a fan of the crowd that goes here. The pub itself I have no problem with, but it's in the part of town that attracts men in suits. And by men in suits I mean exactly that: men, who watch rugby and are not very nice to you if you a) are not wearing a suit and b) don't watch rugby. It's a very simple equation.   They have a pretty good range of ales here. Though, because it's in the suit part of town (about 10 seconds down the street from Princes Street), the prices are way higher than I'd like them to be.   This pub is really spacious and shows its fair share of sports on the telee, hence the rugby fans. The also serve your bogstandard pub food. A la pricey, to boot.
Our favourite pub in Edinburgh. Nice people, great beer. Perfect after a good sight - seeing day!
The Guilford Arms is a great pub, the decor is great and has a very Victorian feel to it. The range of real ales that Guilford offers is very impressive and throughout the year they have a special ale that is offered. The prices are quite expensive but if you are into your real ales, there aren't many places around that would be able to compete with the Guilford Arms for choice. However, as I'm not that into my real ales the choice of drink was not much better than you would get in most pubs, but at a slightly higher than average price. Due to its central location. it can become quite busy in the evenings when the office workers finish and make use of the restaurant service. This added to the fact that it is located right next to a backpackers hostel means that there is a varied crowd, which actually adds to the atmosphere.
Placed in the centre of Edinburgh making it ideal for those out shopping or who have just arrived by train this place has always fascinated me, but more for its name than for anything else.  You see my town back home is Guildford and after half heartedly researching I discovered nothing other than an attractive old pub, but never mind.  This place is supposed to be very good for its real ales and I'm told they are very good, but I couldn't really give you a first hand opinion as despite visiting many real ale specialists back home I'm not a great fan of them and they all taste the same to me.  Despite this I can recognise this, and rather ironically, for the traditional pubs back home you find out in the sticks that offer similar traditional drinks and atmosphere.  Fortunately, this one is a bit easier to get to.
I am starting to build up a liking for this little corner of Edinburgh. Tucked away around the back of the illustrious walls of Burger King, is a collection of pubs including the Guildford Arms, Cafe Royal and the Voodoo Rooms. My visit to the Guildford Arms was through no mere accident, but nay, it was to see FC Ukelele play. Turns out, half of Edinburgh also wanted to see them and the Yard of Ale play - the pub was entirely packed out.   So what can I tell you? The bar was impossible to get to, but there was a mini bar setup at the back which we setup camp near. Less offerings, but avoided going near the crowds at the front. Win! Toilets were clean. There was a restaurant upstairs, but my arms were built for drinkin' that night. The bands had a mini stage up at the front so even those in the cheap seats could see them perform. Folks were up and dancing around us. Really, it was just a fantastic night - staggering out sozzled and nattering to ladies on the bus all the way home.
A feast for the eyes and the soul. The Guilford Arms takes its place among the best pubs in Edinburgh. With a great range of real ale and good food available I can think of no better place to while away a rainy Edinburgh afternoon. Despite its location just off Princes Street its seldom too busy to find some space to enjoy its many offerings, one of which is the traditional fixtures and fittings which evoke a bygone era in these days of mass produced themed bars and restaurants.
Another of my favourite pubs. Stunning Victorian interior, ornate ceiling, beautiful old bar and gantry, really nice place. Maybe not quite as strong a visual impact as the Caf Royal next door due to its rambling size, but the upside of that is that you have a much better chance of grabbing a seat. It does get busy enough to be standing room only at times, but you can usually get a seat even then if you're prepared to stand for 15 minutes or so.  It's a traditional pub with up to ten real ales on the go at any one time, plus a range of lagers on tap and the usual bottled stuff behind the bar. For me the only downside is the football on the tv which can create crowds of people standing right in front of the bar when you want to get served. And again, the size can be a good or a bad thing, as it means the pub doesn't have the intimacy and cosiness of a smaller place. But then if you grab the wee snug right up the back then you're onto a winner.  This might actually be my most frequented pub because its central location close to Waverley makes it a handy spot for meeting people. And it usually has beer from my favourite brewers like Harviestoun and Fyne Ales.  So. Traditional, ornate interior, loads of good real ale, a decent amount of room and seating, central location. What's not to like?
Classic, great pub. And so convenient to the train station!
This is a great little drinking hole.  In fact, it isn't so little as it has the main bar, a little hidden cove area down half a level with a few tables then a restaurant upstairs as well.    It is slightly bordering on an older man's boozer however don't let this put you off as you won't be hassled by them or even notice this so much.  It is older clientele who frequent this place but that just means that you'll have a good night without being bothered.    They serve a decent pint, offer better wine than a lot of pubs and you can also buy little bowls of nuts to nibble on whilst supping your tipple.
So cool inside. Huge high ceiling and awesome bar. The dining room is also on a small promenade overlooking the bar area. They serve several real ales from Scottish and further UK brewers. Loud enough to have a great atmosphere, but still no problem to hear each other.
Nice pub in Edinburgh!
A must stop if in Edinburgh. A great old pub atmosphere. You enter through an ancient revolving door, and the triangle shaped wood bar is in front. No seats at the bar. You just order and go back to your table.    There are small granite and wood tables scattered about the exterior of the room, with an open area to mingle in the middle. There is lots of wood and neat architecture. The ground level is very welcoming.  I can sit and drink for a while, or head upstairs.  Very high ceilings and a second floor that is the restaurant level (the so called Gallery Restaurant). The best seat in the house is on the restaurant level with a table that overlooks the rest of the bar. An awesome view. I eat on the second level of course, and had a great steak.  The other items on the menu are mussels, bangers and mash, other traditional Scottish fair.  Very good, well made, and fresh food.  On to the beer! Over 10 hand pumps. Two pumps for the big seller Deuchars IPA. The rest are all different and rotating Scottish micros. All are of very high quality.  Stuarts,  Inveralmond, Orkney, etc.  An excellent selection.  This is a pub that has been independent for over 100 years, and I love it. Like I said above, a must stop when getting off at Waverly.
A nice old style pub... Is close to the train station... Supports local brews.
Great scenery, good food, friendly and pleasant stuff. Very nice!
I really like this bar. It's got a good selection of real ales and has a fun atmosphere of people passing through, people from the nearby banks, and a few angry looking locals.   While a touch expensive I prefer this bar to pretty much anywhere else on this strip and it's a great place to meet friends if they're just coming off the train.   A good selection of local beers always helps make a place that bit more special and while I'd like to see their keg range expanded they still do have a good lot of try.   They do food. I don't know what it tastes like though. There is even a restaurant somewhere I think. I have given up food for lent so haven't eaten out there yet (worst excuse ever)
Princess street and its sourrounding pubs arent really my cuppa, but the Guildford is a bit different. From when you walk through the revolving doors to take in the amazing cornice work to the big horse shoe style bar taking pride of place I always feel like this bar is from another time. The more gentle soles amongst you will be pleased that the food area and bathrooms are more modernised and fully ... turned out with contemporary fixtures. ;D  The folks in the bar are normally a mix of regulars and those that have just popped in, but always friendly. The staff are knowledgable and chatty as a whole. There is a large tv above the door, but this doesnt really detarct from proceedings. Last time I was in they were showing a vhs of adverts from the 80's which made a talking point for a few minutes.   The main reason I like this place is that its a real ale bar that I can get my Cider and lager in. All our group are catered for here from the whiskey/vodka drinkers to the real ale folks. Never eaten here before but what I have seen getting turned out looks very nice for pub grub.   All in thumbs up from me! :D
Great "Everyman" pub. Just beer and basic drinks, but that's ok. Sociable atmosphere. Appeared to be mostly locals, but I felt right at home. 30-something crowd give or take.
I had no idea this restaurant was here until recently, when I was invited here for a birthday meal. In fact, I've realised that a lot of my reviews start this way, with me not realising somewhere exists, despite having spent a long time living here. Anyway, I'm now aware of this restaurant's existence, and now that I know it's here, I'll certainly be coming back for some more of their tasty, served up wares.  The restaurant makes up part of the eclectic range of delights to be found on St Stephen St, at both basement and street level. Stockbridge Restaurant is tucked away down a set of stairs, and is fairly miniature in size, much like a lot of restaurants on the street, but I think that gives them a lot of character and individuality, although it does mean booking ahead, especially at the weekends.  The look here is plush, classy, and well furnished. If you want somewhere impressive, but not too overdone by everyone in Edinburgh for some romance time, or somewhere nice to take the family, this restaurant is a great option. The food runs along traditional lines, with a stylised edge and presentation, and I recall going for the pigeon to start, followed by a sturdy meat option. The tables are quite close together, but it's all good if you have a decent level of concentration. Sadly, I'm really nosey, so couldn't help but look round the restaurant a couple of times to see how a few couples' dates were going.
Came here for the Yelp eats deal with some of the wonderful Edinburgh Elite. This was my frist trip to the restaurant its a place ive been keen on for a while.  The menu they put on for the Yelp Eats caused some controversy in that nobody seemed able to decide what to have!  I opted for the crab spring roll starter ehich came with a nice salsa and aioli! Cracker of a dish, light, fresh with the crab taste brautifully complimented! :)  The main....pig on a plate!! SO close to be perfect! Crispy pigs ear, black pudding, pigs cheek and pork belly!!! NOOoooom  Pigs ear = ace Black Pudding = ace Pigs cheek = ace Pork belly = the meat tasty but the fat could have done with being a little crisper!!  For desert brownie with white choc icecream! - not bad!! not the best i have had but good none the less!!  The meal was great but not as good as it gets so not quite a 5 star! Small moan - waitress spilt wine over me and the table! Didnt really apologise other than to offer me white wine on a napkin! Having spilled wine across the table i thought she could have given us a bit off or a free glass of wine!   90 shirt ruined - angry Jd. Food was good though just dont let that waitress pour the wine!!
This review is going to be coupled with another review of ZARA's pizza place. The reason I put them together is because while I ate a meal of Coley at the Stockbridge... at 3am I opted for a mushroom pizza at ZARA and I thought it might make sense if I compared notes.   Stockbridge atmosphere: Freaky quiet. Little bit stodgy (did I use that right?). Old fashioned, but quite classy. Friendly greeting for Jenny and the rest of us, but still I felt a bit out of sorts (like a kid in my mom's heels).   ZARA atmosphere: Freaky loud. Drunken stag do-ers. Crowded and messy, and just as you'd expect it to be.   Stockbridge prices: Went on Yelp Eats! so it wasn't so expensive as it would have been, but a pretty penny for teeny tiny little portions.   ZARA prices. 5 pounds for maybe the best pizza in town. Fed 2 happily.   Now the food. I'm going to wax on a bit about Stockbridge:  THE BREAD: Now I love a little taste of the upper class, but I have to admit that the weird herbed breads were my favorite thing I had here all night.   The AMUSE BOUCHE: This was meat, and I don't eat meat.  THE STARTER: This was phenomenal and I could have eaten it all. night. long. Crab meat and some other stuff... so delicious.   THE MEAL: Coley and chips which tasted so healthy that I HAD to get dessert because the Coley was just not bad enough for me.   THE DESSERT: Sorry, I'm American and while this was delicious and full of some weird caramelly pieces and nuts it was not really a brownie, was it?    ZARA  THE PIZZA: Cheesy, amazing deliciousness where the fat ran right onto the carton. No skimping on the toppings, chockablock full of mushrooms. The crust is the kind that NO ONE throws away, crispy and light and maybe tastes better than the pizza itself.  RESULT - ZARA: 5*****/Stockbridge ***  For the money and deliciousness the unsophisticated in me comes out and says - Pizza over Posh.
I went here for the Yelp Eats Event and had a wonderful time.  I'd highly recommend this restaurant for a quiet dating evening as it's just one of those places where you could have a romantic dinner without being disturbed by shouts for more pitchers of beer from the bar.  Now onwards fishies towards the food! It was amazing, the starter was the crab spring roll which was all kinds of delicious and subtly paired flavours. My main was duck egg w/ Hollandaise sauce, the which I found to be lovely, absolutely lovely. The wine was nicely paired with the food, the food was nicely paired with my mouth (what?), and I felt calm and relaxed, yet strangely fulfilled when I floated out of the restaurant. (This does not happen often, I assure you).   I have no complaints about this restaurant, the food was very well done, and the ambiance was much to my liking. The only thing I'd mention is that our waitress seemed incredibly flustered for most of the night. She was obviously stressed and had a difficult time preserving her calm, and I think in part because of this, she managed to spill wine over Jurgen, my bread plate, and various drops over the rest of the table. Poor thing.  Not a big deal, just, slip the waitress a Xanax before sitting down, she'll mellow out soon enough and you'll have a lovely meal.  Don't tell anyone I said that.  And don't wear white while ordering red wine. ;)
My second time here and this time with Yelp Eats.  I was happy to return after a good first experience and also for the wife and I to take two friends over from Australia out for a meal. I thought the set menu had a great choice and to be honest it was the abundant of pig on offer that sold the restaurant to me. The crab spring spring rolls for a starter were lovely but only made me hungry (the perfect starter perhaps?). Then the main.....pig cheek, pork belly and more pig only thing missing was that it wasn't wrapped in bacon. So good.  Love the interior, and the details and the art work. Could see my paintings hanging on the walls *hint hint*  Big thanks to Jen and Yelp for organising Yelp Eats Week (look forward to the next one)
Headed here for a mid-week dinner last December and ate & drank very well. The beef cheeks were a particular highlight and the service was some of the most attentive I've ever experienced. Thoroughly deserves its reputation.
It's an understated and discreet gem of a restaurant. There aren't many tables and the decor is elegant, it always strikes me as a ideal for a romantic and quiet evening out.The food has always been excellent - the attention to detail is what sets is apart for me (e.g. dip with the bread).   The mix of wonderful staff, a scottish gourmet menu and the beautiful surroundings is what makes Stockbridge Restaurant one of the best places to eat for me.
The Stockbridge Restaurant is a delightful neighbourhood restaurant that sums up its neighbourhood perfectly.   The setting is charming, quaint, quite old-world in its charm and its basement-level floor, heavy curtains, and candle-lit tables. The staff are friendly and approachable yet still professional, the service was prompt throughout our meal and had an air of fine dining about it without being over bearing. The food on offer is all seasonal, all locally sourced and quite fine dining Scottish style. As well as being delicious.  So to the meal itself. I dined there with 7 other yelpes as part of the Yelp Eats menu - two courses for 15 although The Stockbridge Restaurant were also offering 3 courses for 18.95 which was very reasonable considering their regular prices and style of dining.  The crab spring rolls to start were just divine. For some reason mine came without tomato in the salsa or the dried tomato on top. I think there must have been a bit of confusion about someone else ordering something without tomato? It didn't hinder my enjoyment of it at all, just confused me. Really light, crisp pastry around the freshest, most flavourful crab with a delicious avocado salsa. The crab meat really was, I think, the best I've tasted in a long time and was a very generous portion. Usually spring rolls have a very unbalanced measly ratio of pastry to filling, but this was just right.  I had the grilled coley for main, served with courgette ribbons, cherry tomatoes and a chorizo risotto. My only slight disappintment of the night was that the risotto was a little lacking and bland, which was odd considering it was made with chorizo which is such a strong flavour. But the rest of the dish was beautiful, the Coley was nicely grilled although could have done with some lemon maybe? And the vegetables lovely and fresh. It was a great sized portion for me, as it meant I could eat half of Steph D's brownie for dessert after saying I wouldn't get my own. I left feeling content but not stuffed which is how good food should leave you feeling.  The brownie that Steph had was very, very decadent. Huge slivers of nut throughout, a very dense, gooey brownie. Beautifully made, you could tell it was freshly baked a few hours earlier. Divine.  The wine list is extensive and has a good range in price too.  It's a lovely, quaint, neighbourhood restaurant that, if I lived locally, would certainly be a well-frequented spot when I wanted a nice dinner like steak and a glass of red. The staff are friendly and as the menu is seasonal, it changes every so often so would always have something new to try!  I admit I don't 'fine dine' out every week but Stockbridge put the relaxed atmosphere, without sacrificing quality, into a nice Friday evening meal.
Ate here on a Saturday night and have to say, the food was fantastic. We arrived just after 8.30pm and although service was a little slow to start with (early diners were still finishing up), we felt real cosy down off the street in the Stockbridge Restaurant.  Menu is sort of Scottish gourmet, so plenty of local ingredients (Haggis with a panoply of pork anyone?), delicious fresh bread, great amuse-bouche (my partner was audibly groaning at the lemon sorbet), and the final quadruple / quintuple chocolate dessert with assorted mousses and choc-treats was most favourably received, judging by the silent and intense manner in which it was eaten.  The little touches made the meal a treat, like the mysterious, yet delectable, green dip with our bread, the discrete chiller bucket for our white wine, the smorgasbord of cheese I had with paper thin oat cakes, the unhurried tail-end to the meal with the offer of a taxi - I could go on.  Bit pricey, but what the hey - Stockbridge Restaurant gets a thumbs up from me.
Small but very friendly bistro that specialises in the sort of food you might have at home, but with a distinct upmarket twist. For example, their 'beer battered cod' with chips is no ordinary fish and chips, but a succulent chunk of top quality cod accompanied by superb hand cut chips.    I have lunch here several times a month, and pre-theatre dinners too, and keep coming back. The menu is short, but all the better for it, as you know it will be freshly made, and not hauled out of a freezer.    Very friendly service from the proprietor, Roland, who serves all the customers single-handed with great efficiency.    The wine list has recently become rather pricey, and the coffee is rather ordinary but plentiful, as he will top up your cup with free refills.    At busy times, such as during the Festival and the Christmas season, booking is essential.
I first popped into Home Bistro because I couldn't think where else to go and just wanted something simple an inexpensive to eat. I got what I came for!  Home Bistro is a restaurant offering simple but creative "comfort food". The menu isn't overly big, but what it does offer is pretty good and manages to cover (if just) the vegetarian base. I particularly recommend the mushroom stroganoff  Prices for main meals are average to slightly under average for Edinburgh. However special deals mean you can get two courses for 8.95 or three courses for 10.95 meaning you can get quite a bargain. This is particularly useful considering the restaurants location near student infested George Square!  Nothing Bistro does is done badly, but sometimes it feels like there could be a little more. The aesthetic can occasionally come across as a touch bland. The restaurant feels like its missing some element to spice it up but its still young with (hopefully) its best years ahead.  A simple bistro for good straightforward dinning.
I wouldn't say I had a bad experience here but I was really bored. I took my chatty friend and treated him to lunch. We waited half an hour for our food to come out (a salad!!). We had a little competition to see who could make the most fucked up animal out of our napkins. After the 24th minute  of waiting, I started chewing of my Camel-dog.  When it came, it was lovely, but maybe I fell asleep waiting and dreamed it was good?
I came to Home Bistro just three days ago for lunch with some friends and the food was delicious and well priced.  The interior decor feels relaxing and stylish as it goes for the homely feel.  The service is pleasant and made us feel welcome from the moment we walked in the door.   The menu has a great range of home cooked food, ranging from mackerel pate to marmalade ice cream.  I went for the penne with bacon and mushrooms which was served in a delicious, creamy parmesan sauce.  The portion sizes are more than generous and the service is quick.   I really couldn't fault this place and our meals only cost about 7 each which was more than reasonable consdering the quality of the food.
A small, very welcoming hotel, the Howard is both friendly and elegant. The rooms are lovely, the service is perfection itself. Highest recommendation!
Afternoon tea is excellent. I have had afternoon tea here on a number of occasions and it is a real treat. The service and ambiance are just wonderful, the tea menu extensive. I have always stuck to the Howard Afternoon blend. The food consists of sandwiches, scones, cakes all home made, all delicately served but very filling.   I miss lunch and dinner when I have afternoon tea.  I would recommend this for adults who appreciate the Georgian surroundings, a very quiet atmosphere and good home made food.
Room: Amazing. Service: Pretty good. Sound level: Pretty quiet. Price: SUPER REASONABLE.  I decided to get away for the weekend and turned to Edinburgh for my adventuring. A few quick clicks on Booking.com made me realize something: I could just a star or two in a hotel rating by just being a mile outside of Old Town. SOLD!  The room I booked was the Luxury Double (see: pictures) and the room was named the Ravelston. Second floor room and rear-facing for extra-quiet abilities (aside from the squeaky floor).  The Howard has a Butler service and two of the three I was quite happy with; they were friendly, helpful and useful.  The room service is incredibly reasonable: you want tea? They bring a fresh pot at no charge. Want to order from their menu? It costs as much as any cafe you could venture to. And, with any room booked it came with breakfast- so there's that.  I feel like The Howard won 4-4.25 stars from me. I was happy, comfortable, relaxed and they accommodated quite well to my antisocial tendencies. So, what are they missing? I think the food is a bit under par to be considered 5-star as are their drinks.   This place was quite lovely, I would definitely consider booking again.
It's always hard to tell if I like a place because I've got a comfy seat and they're playing the music I like, or if the place is genuinely good!  A Room In The Town, however, had good service when I was in - despite the fact that I was the only person in at that time of morning.  I'd ducked in for a coffee between business meetings in the city and needed to update a report.  Sunshine streamed in through the window, the cold was a memory...it was like sitting my own loungeroom, except someone very nicely brought be a damn fine latte.  Having only gone into A Room In The Town because the service at the Standard, which used to be my regular, was so apallingly awful, it was a pleasant find.  The smells wafting out of the kitchen, the good range of menu, and the good service will make sure I head back.  That and the fact that the music playing was by an artist I love but music I had not heard before - which means I have some investigative purchasing to do!
I'm a big fan of their sister places, but had never visited A Room in the Town, previously. It was a touch underwhelming.  Overall, we said: "A Room in the Town is a smart place, with good, attentive service, but the quality of their dishes doesn't match this. Take the pointless croutons out of the soup, and the glob of vinegar off the egg, and you probably had two good but unremarkable dishes. I've always enjoyed my trips to their William Street place, but can't say the Dundas Street branch made such a positive impression. Maybe I'll pop by to try their dinner menu, at some point, as I like the set-up and suspect the kitchen is capable of producing better dishes than I was served, today."
Absolutely wonderful place to dine! We loved it, it was one of the most memorable parts of our trip!
Wonderful food, in a lovely setting. Great local produce used to prepare great dishes, presented without too much fuss. Service was great. The restaurant is beautiful too, old stone pillars and opulent decor, with plenty of nooks from which to watch other diners.
The platter of Scottish seafood and crustacea ... exquisite ... there is nothing else to be said, but bon appetit.  When in Edinburgh, don't bypass the Witchery.
Lured here by Clarissa Dickson Wright's recommendation, I discovered a bewitching restaurant down a stone passageway near the Castle. Making a rez for later in the day, when I arrived I was directed downstairs where the Maitre d' awaited me. Placing me at a 2-top near the kitchen, he proffered menus and left me to read. What a great selection of foods and drinks! Sheer delight in reading the wine list while enjoying a perfect Grey Goose martini led to several small plates, oysters of couse, and a wine to match each small plate. Wonderful experience, right until I noticed a detail in the tapestry next to me that showed a dog about to lick its gaping a**hole!!!!WTF!!! Jarring to say the least. I laughed out loud and wished I brought some narrow black tape...very expensive meal and a good chuckle to boot. When I left the Maitre d' said he was envious of my meal and was quite warm. It's not often I drop USD $200 on a meal, but it's Homecoming year and I was in Edinburgh for one dinner and this was the best, hands down. Enjoy!
The Witchery is my MOST favorite restaurant of all time in the entire world. When I visited Edinburgh for the first time, I decided to have dinner there on my first night--and I loved it so much as I decided to make reservations there again during my last night in Edinburgh!  The service is unmatched, the food is DELICIOUS, and the ambiance is "fairytale-like." Dining in the Witchery makes one feel like living out a fantasy in a place that's a cross between a Braveheart castle and a Harry Potter novel. The stone floors and all-candlelight arrangement is so romantic and so lovely that you'll swoon while you're dining.  My meals included the stuffed chicken and the Loch Duart salmon. I started out with the foie gras (heavenly!) and my desserts included the Burnt Cambridge Cream and the Witchery Pudding Selection.  Special thanks to the entire staff of the Witchery for 2 VERY memorable evenings!  I am already planning my trip back next year...
We came here during our trip to Edinburgh on recommendation from a tour book. I tried to make reservations for dinner but there were no tables open until 11 pm, so I had to settle for coming during lunch.  I had their herb baked scallops with smoked Iberico pancetta and garlic, with a side of salad and mashed potatoes. The scallops were so tender and delicious. My boyfriend had the light lunch with duck egg florentine and pork sausages with a side of mashed potatoes. Initially I was worried it wouldn't be enough food, but their portions are huge.   They also have really good service. Overall a great dining experience.
great little restaurant.. portions of food were a bit small.. and the food is slightly over priced.. and the restaurant could use a bit more lighting.. service was decent though  the salmon and pork belly dishes were delicious though..   this is definitely a place to check out if you're in edinburgh though..
I was once taken here by an ex whilst trying to win me back. He thought the way to my heart was to throw money at me and give me expensive food. I think his mantra was echoing that of the restaurant itself. Its reputation preceded my visit, so I was expecting the best dinner I've ever had (which is why I said yes to the invitation!). But I found the whole experience less than enjoyable. The menu was very fancy , verging on uncomfortable and the wine list was bigger than the majority of my textbooks. And I have a lot of text-books. If you are a wine buff then you'd love it, but I was happy with a glass of sauvignon - imagine my surprise when I had to specify from which world (old or new), which country, which area, which vineyard. I was expecting to be asked to specify the grape.  So, the Witchery has a very strong reputation in Edinburgh as being the best restaurant, and I can see why. It looks fancy, it tastes fancy, the price was fancy! But, again, I wasn't impressed. To win me over, you need to prove your worth. Sadly, both my ex and the Witchery failed to do so.
I had read about The Witchery in all my guidebooks and after checking out their website I decided to splurge a little on our first night in Edinburgh-worth every penny!  We stayed in the Vestry suite which is the most gothic of all the suites and it was gorgeous!  Red velvet and gold line the walls, drape the windows, and cover the bed.  The bathroom has a huge, gorgeous tub, perfect for a long soak after walking around Edinburgh all day.  The staff is also amazing-they lugged our 50+ lb suitcases up 3 flights of stairs-I felt so bad but was definitely thankful after 10+ hours of travel!  We also showed up to a chilled bottle of champagne which was very exciting and an amazing way to start out our trip.  We only stayed here for 1 out of our 3 nights in Edinburgh because of the 295 per night price tag but like I said it was well worth it.  You absolutely cannot beat the location-we stayed here the first night and it was the perfect spot to help us get acquainted with the city-we could see the castle from our doorstep and the rest of the Royal Mile was right there at our feet.  You also get a continental type breakfast delivered to your room in the morning-the huge, buttery, chocolaty croissants were my fav!  Great experience-if you have a little extra to spend, definitely give The Witchery a try!
I just didn't rate this place. I feel like I'm committing some sort of blasphemy by saying that, but when I came for lunch here it just wasn't that great.   Granted, we had a booking for 2pm, which is towards the end of a lunchtime shift and so the staff and chefs are all tired and a bit frazzled. But when you're paying Witchery prices, you don't really expect that to be an issue - if we'd wanted that we'd have gone to one of the million cheaper places to eat on the Royal Mile.  The portions were tiny, even by upmarket restaurant standards. However, I don't think this was down to them running out of stock - after speaking to other people who've eaten there it seems that that's just they way they do it here.  Which would have been fine, except mine was lukewarm. It was one of those puff pastry and roasted sun-dried tomato with goat's cheese type things that you get in most pubs these days, and the cold slimy tomatoes didn't really do much for me. In fact, it was probably quite a good thing that there wasn't much of it.  At least half of the pages in the menu are taken up by testimonials from celebrities writing about how they loved the place, followed by the Witchery's own epic autobiography, but I honestly think they'd do a lot better if they concentrated less on their image and more on what they're actually serving people.  I wouldn't rush back.
Admittedly, I didn't stay here but a friend visiting decided to spend a few nights spoiling herself by spending a few nights near the Castle. Hot damn, if you cut this place open it would bleed sumptuousness and over-the-top Tudorian splendour. I had a snoop around her accomodation - I can't even call it a hotel room, as it came with a shower and a kitchen. Champagne and chocolates, it sure beats Travelodge hands down. Four poster bed, covered in ornate heavy fabric furnishings, austere modernity in neutral colours, the Witchery laughs at you with disdain and waves a hand langourously to send such concepts to the local gaol. With views overlooking the Castle and Royal Mile, there is a price tag to match, but oh boy, I am envious of friends who can spend it. In fact, that is the only reason to drop a star - that common folk like me can only look on in envy.
I think this is one of those places where its reputation has gotten ahead of what it can actually deliver.  I mean, dont get me wrong - I went for a meal with my girlfriend (who had massivly high expectations) and was, over all a bit dissapointed. My girlfriend however, was not. I have therefor come to the conclusion that the Witchery experience depends a lot on how dark a shade your Rose Tinted glasses are.  I had heard how splendid this place was, and frankly for the money I paid, didnt feel that the food was of any more high quality than other restaurants in Edinburgh who have the same reputation but charge far less. My girlfriend however, who had built this place up so much that she 'knew' how excellent the Witchery would be, claimed that everything she saw, ate and drank was 'perfect'. As I said, I do believe this place is a matter of opinion.
Ok, I take what I said back.  Sortof. The food is really really really good, you can't deny it, and the service is immaculate and the surroundings are amazing.   But there's still that one thing holding me back from giving it the 5*.....I still don't know what it is...something isn't quite right...
Review is only for the restaurant.  I won a bet and my friend took me to dinner here.  Hands down the most beautiful restaurant I've ever been to.  Decorated like a gothic castle with candles everywhere, dripping in flowers, dark wrought iron furniture.  The ambiance was amazing.  The food was pretty good.  (I'm so SPOILED being from San Francisco, where we have the best food in the world)...the salad course was fantastic.  The main dishes were good but not memorable.  The dessert was very good.  You're really going for the opportunity to eat in what seems like an 18th century dining room.  The prix-fixe menu makes it very affordable.
Stopped here for lunch before my visit to the castle.  They have prix fix menus for 30 or 15 euros.  The 15 euro lunch menu is a good deal but menu is limited.  You get an appetizer and entree with this menu.  I actually ordered a la carte and had to try the haggis - when in Rome right? (in this case Edinburgh). Well the haggis did not disappoint and it came with neeps and tatties - what the hell is this I asked myself.  Turnips and potatoes FYI to the Americans. The other stuff I tried were ok - steak tartare and the chanterelle risotto.    Overall, a good dining experience with attentive service and a nice ambience. This is a strong 3 star rating.
Have eaten here three times now, in both of their dining rooms, and the place is an understated gem despite the opulence and hype.  The food has been superb each time and the locally-sourced ingredients highlight fresh and delicious Scottish influences while the kitchen clearly tries to bend international.  The guest rooms across the street are unique and a one-of-a-kind experience.  If you're in Edinburgh, want to be pampered, and don't mind wandering up by the Castle, check out the Witchery.
I'd heard only wonderful things about the Witchery and was in no way disappointed when I went here for dinner with my family. Even my Dad, a hard to please foodie, raved about the quality of the food.  The decor and ambience is unusual with a gothic feel and low lighting, however this created an intimate, relaxed atmosphere and it made us feel like we were escaping from the real world for a while. It would be a fab place to go on a date - the flattering lighting is an alternative to beer googles.  We all had the haggis starter and I've yet to have bad haggis but this really was extra tasty. I then had a generous fillet of salmon and it was ridiculously delicious. I eat salmon quite alot but this was by far the best I have ever had, I was going on about it for days. 'Remember that salmon... '  I was too preoccupied with my life-changing salmon to really notice what my family were eating but I do remember my Dad thoroughly enjoy his faggots (yes, really).   I'm a real sweet tooth but the main course I had (salmon, salmon, salmon) was very filling so that was the end of my Withchery culinary experience. This place is a real treat and worth every penny, the food and service were wonderful. They also had Molton Brown handwash in the ladies room, I like that sort of thing :)
Ambience - awesome.  It was a bit entertaining that occasionally a few tables would get quiet and it felt like I needed to whisper, then the conversations would pick up again.  The ebb and flow of volume was intriguing!  Service - fantastic.  Our favorite was when we asked for a wine reco.  I'm not sure who the expert was who came over, but made some suggestions, and we went with a New Zealand red that he seemed to like more than the more pricey wines.  It was I think under 30 pounds--quite cheap for this restaurant.  Anyway we loved it.  The Scallop hors d'oeuvre was incredible.  We wished we'd gotten 3 each for our dinner...but alas, we had one.  For dinner we had the Wellington, because it was recommended highly by two of my friends.  I was only disappointed because it was 80 pounds.  It was good, and fed both my girlfriend and I...but I'm not sure it was "80 pounds good".  It did come with two sides: we chose Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans, which were both very good.  Wine = outstanding Service = outstanding Ambience = outstanding Appetizer = outstanding Dinner = good Sides = grea
Wow, just wow. Don't eat here without ordering the steak tartare!
I went to The Witchery with some work colleagues a couple of years ago.  I found it OK, the food was pretty good, however, I thought the service could have been better.  I have friends who have been more recently and they thought the same.  It's a shame as The Witchery has a really good reputation - seems that it isn't as consistent as it maybe should be.
As good as it gets in terms of ambience!! I've never been in such a beautiful restaurant. This alone makes it worth the price tag, especially for a special occasion.  Or, if you are a visitor to Edinburgh, it would be a nice way to spend an evening: dining here, roaming up to the castle look off and wandering down the royal mile as the sun sets, onward to a whisky in a cozy pub. Mmm, sounds like a perfect night (or date) to me!   As good as it gets, in Edinburgh, for dining.   I'd give it the 5 stars except I've had better service at a chain restaurant. Our server seemed disingenuous. My biggest complaint is that the dude didn't know what wine would go best with scallops (which were fabulous).  At the most famous restaurant in Edinburgh, they really should school the servers on wine pairing!
Not impressed... The building is beautiful, and the staff very nice and dressed... appropriately, with long aprons, bow ties and the like.  Their wine list reads like a belgian bars beer catalogue, reaching for 1cm of thickness. Sadly, they seem to lack a chef. The food was fairly prepared, but there was no richness of flavours, nothing going on in my palate... I've had a very similar venison burger in a pub. And at least there, it fit in the bun! Not a bad experience at all, but know you are going for the quaint atmosphere, the candles, the decor, and the wines. Not so much the food....
My only regret is that I can't give this place zero stars.  Where to start?  Bad slow rude service.  Food was mediocre at best and the cost was very high.  We actually passed on The Kitchin to go here.  My wife will never hear the end of it.  Friend ordered the ribeye, I ordered the scallops, wife ordered the three little pigs.  I switched with wife when food came as I knew that she wouldn't like hers.  Ok the "3 little pigs", a lump of pig fat approx 2 inch square, uneatable, the "loin" was minuscule, and no we are not comparing to "american" portions.   The bacon was tooth breaking.  Ok so we are done with dinner, ask for the check and then wait over 20 minutes to get check.  Friend tipped, I took the money off of the table.  Worst 2hrs of my life.  Wish wish wish I could give them zero stars.
Wandered in underdressed. Felt very out of place. Got the 2 course lunch for 15. (not a bad deal for a fancy restaurant). Pea ham. Fish pie. Very delicious. It's fine dining meets Scottish food. I also ordered a couple of oysters, and they didn't disappoint.
Without a doubt this is a fine restaurant. The food is all locally sourced and if I were from Edinburgh it would make me very proud to know that a restaurant of this calibre existed in my city. I went there with my wife to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary and was not disappointed. First, the wine list is enormous and has very, very, fine wines from all over the world (I noticed a $6,000 bottle of wine!!). My wife and I decided on Champagne the night we were there and we had a large and prestigious selection to make our choice from. Next, the food. We were both impressed by the quality of the ingredients and the fact that it was all locally sourced. I started with a Shellfish bisque and then had a grilled Lobster from the Isle of Mull with a truffle sauce macaroni and my wife had a wonderful smoked salmon from Loch Duart (which, by a happy coincidence, is where her Clan's Castle, Maclean of Duart is located). Our desserts were wonderful. Hers was a burnt Cambridge Cream with passion fruit sorbet and mine was a Blairgowrie Strawberry and lemon verbena custard tart with strawberry sorbet. To top the meal off after our coffee we had to have some Scottish Whisky (when in Rome...) Hers was a Tobermory 10-year old (again the Isle of Mull theme) and mine was a Jura 16-year old. Lastly, the setting and the dining room ambiance is superb!
With all of the talk about this place we had to go here while visiting Edinburgh from the US. As such, considering the pedestal this place has been put on, I've taken a different approach to grading The Witchery. I call it the "benefit-of-the-doubt' rating system. Goes like this...I gave it 5 stars before I even sat down. Then, took away and added stars as the meal progressed. So, the stars were their's to lose.   Went there for lunch....results:  Ambience - Excellent. Let me just say that this place is spectacular.....out a movie set or fiction novel. But, it's very real and in a beautiful 16th century historic building. A very cool and other-worldly ambience. We sat in the Secret Garden area downstairs...loved it....no stars lost.   Service - Fair. Attentive when they were around. But, too slow for me. Big delay between apps and main course even though we were the 2nd table seated. Overall, took 2 hours for lunch and we were never offered anything else to drink after our initial drink orders...not even water....had to ask for everything...1 star lost.  Drinks - Excellent. Judy had a Pimm's, wife had a glass of sauv blanc and I had a Hendrick's Martini with a cuke garnish. Plus, after-lunch cappuccino's were excellent...1 star awarded (they're back to 5 stars!).  Apps - Underwhelmed. A selection of bread and butter was served. Bread seemed day-old and cold but tasted OK. I prefer warm bread. Wife had oysters on the half shell and they were reported to be good. I had a seafood bisque and it was presented nicely in an iron pot with crostini (croutons) and parmesan and rouille on the side. But, it was a vey thin soup that didn't have a distinct flavor....I'm sure it was a lot of work but it just tasted like some basic fish stock. I usually think of a bisque as being thicker and richer but this may just be a cultural thing. It was neither good nor bad....1 star lost.  Main Course - This one is tricky. Kids split the roasted chicken with fondant potato and green beans and chips on the side. My wife and Judy got the roasted, hot-smoked salmon with sweet potatoes and green beans. My mother-in-law Mary and I both got Guy Grieve's scallops w/ pancetta and whipped potatoes. Here's the rundown...kids' chicken had good flavor but was very dry....seemed like it may have sat for a while. Their chips were very good, though. The salmon was reported from wife and Judy as being simple but very good. Seems like it had a lemon/butter-based sauce with it and served with green beans. They really liked the dish. Everything about the scallop dish was mediocre. Whipped potatoes were cold (ok, luke warm), scallops were over cooked or had been sitting under a salamander for too long. Pancetta was hard and chewy. Salad was not memorable....1 star lost.  So, it was an OK experience in the end. My wife and Judy enjoyed their meals. Mary and I didn't. All agreed the service was not the best. But, all agreed the ambience was outstanding. Would go there again for dinner because this place is so special but with the hope of a better food experience.  I
A beautiful restaurant located in the shadow of Edinburgh Castle. Superb food and a nice atmosphere made for an enjoyable evening.  Took a bit of a chance with venison in a chocolate sauce, but it really added a nice subtle flavor.  The bread pudding was also nicely done - even for a traditionalist like myself.  The service was very good - friendly and attentive.  The Witchery is well worth a night out.
So it was the boy and I's first time in Edinburgh and we were on a traveler's budget. I had read wonderful things about the Witchery's food and ambiance, but knew the dinner menu was way too pricey for us, so we decided to head over for the (much more reasonably priced) lunch one day instead.  The atmosphere is delightful, as other Yelpers have attested, and would make for an excellent special occasion meal (but suited us just fine for a nice lunch while in town). Service was flawless as you'd expect in such a place (although to be fair, it wasn't exactly packed as it was a weekday around 2), everyone was wicked friendly and every staff member who interacted with us was professional, kind, and very cheerful. Of note is the bartender who cared enough about his drinks/customers that he came over to discuss what kind of liquor to use in the boy's Manhattan (he recommended Whisky, which ended up being delicious, and was even the same price as the normal Manhattan, 8).  In a beautiful setting like this, often the food takes a back seat to the ambiance... but I'm happy to say we were quite pleased with the food (love love love the commitment to locally sourced ingredients!). The boy chose the reasonably priced (15.95) 2 course prix fixe lunch with the pea and ham soup and the venison burger, and I deviated at the last minute and went with the pricer smoked grilled Scottish salmon on the normal menu (because really, if you're a fish eater and don't have salmon while in Scotland, you are definitely missing out). I was in heaven with my own meal, that salmon was soooo fresh and flavorful, with a nice smokey flavor and grilled perfectly, accompanied by delightful sweet potatoes and green beans. Totally worth the 21 splurge. The boy was similarly happy with his meal, the soup tasted like the peas were just shelled a few minutes before, and the venison burger had a great flavor (he especially liked the cranberry relish). Even the complimentary bread and butter were tasty (that butter was so fresh, mmm).  All in all, we had a great meal and would recommend it to anyone looking for a cool/romantic atmosphere and excellent food for lunch.
The food and atmosphere is amazing at this historic restaurant by the castle.  We ate at The Witchery on Christmas Eve and it could not have been more perfect.  The lighting was dim and inviting and the small, crowded dining room felt somehow warm and cozy instead of clausterphobic.  Our waiter was very friendly but not over-bearing.  He suggested the right wines and right accompaniments for each of our entrees.  The food was fabulous modern Scottish, made with local ingredients.  The Loch Duart salmon may have been the best highlight of my whole trip to Edinburgh!
Dining highlight of four days in Edinburgh. The atmosphere is amazing, the food is good (but honestly, nothing to slap your mamma about.)   The mister had the steak, I had the fish. Still, even very good food in Scotland is pretty rare, and the experience of The Witchery is worth every dime.  One other big plus: they make a nice martini, something which is also pretty elusive in Scotland.
The atmosphere is wonderful. The food is meh. Everything that we had was pretty bland. We both had a hot salmon appetizer (mine had like 6 bones in it which was odd) which was ok. Then Sam had sea bream and I had daube of beef, both which were fine but nothing special. We had the rhubarb ginger creme brulee for dessert which was probably the tastiest part of our meal. I'd still recommend it just for the experience but don't expect much from the food!
I admit I had been wanting to visit and dine at the Witchery for years. I think I read about it in Victoria magazine like 15 years ago or something. Not sure what I was expecting but as it is pretty upscale I thought the food would be amazing. Sadly it was not. I have no complaints, but like Carrie S, I found the meal to be "meh". Just OK. Well presented, everything was fresh, it just lacked flavor or oomph. No innovation at all. The service was impeccable, and although I was disappointed that we couldn't get into the Witchery proper, the Secret Garden was very pretty and atmospheric.   Not sure what another reviewer is talking about by saying good food in Scotland is rare. Everything we had in Scotland no matter where we dined was excellent, from inexpensive teas to seafood dinners. Although the Witchery is a beautiful restaurant it actually didn't stand out as one of the better places to dine in Edinburgh, which is a bit sad, but that being said I can't say that the food was bad.
The Witchery has what I can only describe as the best service I've ever received at a restaurant.  We were greeted by out names on arrival (presumably the only reservation at that time!) and every person who came to our table was extremely friendly, helpful, and absolutely professional.  The setting of our meal was also gorgeous, as you would expect here.  However, this gets three stars because, as The Man said "it was the kind of food you would expect from a gastropub... where you would pay a fraction of the price." My charcuterie platter was tiny and uninteresting, The Man's omelette was cute but had fish in it which wasn't actually stated on the menu (that I saw, anyway). The Man enjoyed his fish pie, but my "wild mushroom risotto with truffle oil" was a disgrace.  It was made with actual rice (rather than arborio) and had no truffle oil.  The taste was fine but you absolutely don't expect to receive that kind of dish in a place like The Witchery.  To sub in normal rice was shocking.  And to skip the stated truffle oil was also shocking.   We opted for the dessert platter which we enjoyed and thought was a great value (10.50), but at 5 a shot the espresso was a wallet shock.    We had a voucher for a light lunch, which was two courses, and to that we added a bottle of wine, dessert and coffee.  Without tip, we paid 47 for wine, dessert and coffee.    Unfortunately, it was all exactly as I expected.  The Witchery is famous for the location, the ambiance and the fantastic service, but definitely not the food.  We came here because of a voucher, but would never opt to come here and actually pay full price.
This is pretty much exactly the fancy sort of place you expect/hope it would be.  I'll start by saying we ate in the lower garden area and not in the older upper wooden section.  My mother was disappointed by this until she checked out the upper section after we'd finished.  It was hot as could be in the wooden area and pretty cramped.  SO in the end I was happy we ended up where we were.  Definitely on the expensive side but you should already know that going there.   A massive wine list, good food... sometimes great food, and a really nice atmosphere.    TIP:  Try and see if you can have your meal end on or around 10:30pm.  One of the greatest moments of my trip to Edinburgh was standing in the little Witchery doorway and watching an army of bagpipers march right by us, within inches.   If you're there when the Royal Tattoo is in progress you might be lucky enough to see it.   I found it far more impressive than the actual Tattoo itself.
went for lunch. had the set menu. was reasonably priced and decent food.   what made it for me was the surroundings. like eating in Henry VIII's court. chandeliers, table settings, tapestries, candles. beautiful.  a must for fine dining in edinburgh, even if its not 100% fine.
I had really high hopes for this restaurant as it was recommend by many people familiar with this restaurant and my dining preferences.  It is a beautiful room, we ate in the older wooden section, simply called the Witchery Restaurant, rather than the Secret Garden(was worried about the weather),    Reserved two weeks in advance online, could only procure 5:30 pm or 8:30 pm, and we wanted to eat early.  The restaurant did not really fill up until 7:00 pm, so I wonder why we couldn't have gotten 6:00 pm reservations.  We arrived early, and the kitchen did not open until 5:30 so we settled into a glass of white wine for my wife and a whisky for me....the Maitre D' rolled his eyes at us when we showed up.  When we did order, I think my wife had the crab cocktail, I ordered the Smoked fish from the Inverawe smokehouse for 13.50($21.75 or so, US) this is Loch Etive trout with Isle of Mull crab crme frache, eel with pickled cucumber, andhot-smoked salmon with beetroot pure.  It was very tasty, and literally two bites of each....for over $20.00, I would have preferred three bites.  For dinner, I'm pretty sure that my wife had the scallops, I requested the Rump of Borders roe deer, 27.00($44.00 US) Pommes Anna, roast squash, purple fig, wild garlic and chocolate oil....I made it very clear to the Maitre D' who took our initial order that I wanted the deer MEDIUM, not rare, as it has been my experience that for some reason these days, chefs prefer to serve game, pork and duck on the rare side, which I find unreasonably chewy.    It came out rare, and I sent it back, they took my wifes plate as well, which was very classy.  When it came back(about 10 minutes, right on time, afaic) it was delicious and my wife was EXTREMELY pleased with her dish.  I don't recall any amuse bouche.  For dessert, we shared a kick butt sampler, with about three items, they were all delicious and I had Armagnac to accompany it.  Would I go back?  Yes....I would check out the Secret Garden, and I would be "firmer" in my requests.  I had also checked my umbrella upon arrival, and they did not offer it back to me and I forgot it, and had to purchase a new one upon returning home.  Food was great, but definitely sized and priced to a European sensibility(smaller, expensive portions) and the service was lacking a bit.
For a place with their reputation, the only acceptable review ought to be five stars, so the stars are theirs to lose. Thus this review will have a somewhat negative tone even though this was a very nice meal. Here are the two chief reasons I find it impossible to award them five stars: 1. The bread. It was nowhere close to the quality of bread I have had at much less reputable institutions. Is this what their mainstream clientele wants? I hope not, and thus they need to up the level of the bread significantly and it wouldn't even be difficult. 2. My daughter's scallops were served with a very nice tarragon sauce and nearly cold, unimpressive mashed potatoes. I have no problems with mashed potatoes, but even I can make better mashed potatoes, and serve it warm. (If this was truly the intention by the chef, then I guess we will just have to disagree on it being a good idea.) 3. This is a bit whiney but here we go: They were out of the vintage port wine by the glass and instead of corking up something else, they would only suggest that I go with the LBV instead. Nope. Not happening. But a true five star establishment would have opened some other bottle (or just make sure they don't run out). Having said this, here are some things they get right: 1. Very impressive wine list. 2. Very nice interior. We were in the "Secret Garden", so if there is a next time, we will try the original dining room. 3. Great (though not perfect) service. 4. My main dish of monkfish was delicious, as was the cheese plate, and the chocolate tart. So, if there is a second time, and I hope there will be, I expect them to have perfected their glitches and be a true five star experience.
It was a pampering experience but unless money is no object I wouldn't go for the food, which was fine but unremarkable. My hot smoked salmon would have passed for mediocre wedding food. The beef tartare appetizer was fine. The fudge that came with the coffee was meltingly delicious and they seem to do bottomless coffee so if you have the chutzpah to come and enjoy the ambience and unlimited coffee with fudge for 5.95, you have all my support! Otherwise I think that the average diner for whom a restaurant with these price points is an extravagant treat is mainly paying for the maintenance of an extensive wine list you mostly can't afford anyway. I recommend the Northbridge Brasserie (at the Scotsman Hotel) for a luxurious meal that will be delicious in proportion to cost.
I've just been reminded to update my review...  After my mediocre dining experience which included white rice instead of arborio risotto, I actually contacted the manager.  I wasn't sure if the kitchen had run out of arborio or if this was standard practice and either way I want to make management aware that, while the wait staff were fantastic, I was very let down by my fake risotto.  He never got back to me.    Specifically, I emailed someone who got back to me saying "I'm sorry you didn't enjoy your food" or something along those lines, and saying they would pass my email onto the general manager.  It was the general manager who never responded.    I felt this was an incredibly poor way of handling a customer who was previously mildly put off but is now really unimpressed.
Ok so my only downfalls of this fine establishment was..the bread that they served wasnt warm and i had to ask for butter.  We opted for the the set 30 three course menu, and It is some of the best food ive ever tasted!! I could not fault it and the desert was the best ive ever tasted...I normally think lemon meringue is boring...but i was intrigued by lemon meringue sundae?!! Soooooooo glad i tried it!! I really cannot explain how good it was...they have some top chefs working in that kitchen! We stayed for Tia Maria coffee and have some tablet, i was completely full! They also have an extensive wine menu and when they didnt have any Pinot Grigio the tried to get a similar one and allowed us to taste a couple to see it they suited.  Cannot fault the staff and the dark candle lit tables were sooo romantic!! ( although i was with my mum) was be a great place for a date!!  I would go back tomorrow! If you are unsure choose the 3 course set menu..you wont be dissapointed !!
I recently got treated to a very nice meal here. Overall, it was a outstanding and very romantic experience. As we walked down the tiny alleyway to the entrance of the restaurant you can't help feeling slightly whimsical. Our table was reserved in the 'Secret Garden' section of the restaurant.   I do have to agree with Jonas B. below on the bread situation. I had tomato and rosemary focaccia which was good but I think you can expect better at restaurants of this calibre. I had foie gras as my starter - which you don't see on too many menus here. It was heavenly. For my main I had the hot smoked salmon. My partner had a fillet of limousin Scotch beef which included grilled marrow. We were both impressed with our meals. We shared an excellent bottle of Chenin Blanc and creme brulee for dessert.  We were offered complimentary espressos and a latte which came with macaroons and fudge. The macaroons were somewhat stale but the fudge was divine.  I think the restaurant does really well because it presents a really lovely atmosphere and experience. I've been to fine dining restaurants in other cities and there's a magical element to The Witchery that other places lack. I suppose being in the backdrop of the castle helps!  I would love to come back for lunch when there's natural light shining through as the restaurant is fairly dark (this isn't a criticism, I liked it dark).   I found the service excellent - not too inquisitive on how our meal was. Very professional and knowledgeable.   We finished our meal around 11ish and there were a few tables that were just being seated. I'm not sure if they regularly seat such late (for Edinburgh) diners but this might be something to take note of for future reference!
These people we're so rude to us before we even got a table, we walked out.  Thai Orchid around the corner was a much better experience.    The Witchery is so pompous it's "scary."
EXCELLENT food in a delightfully medieval atmosphere.  Service was polite and quick, but did not rush us at all.  We had a great time at the Witchery--but it was a little expensive.
Wow! We stayed overnight in one of their suites (The Library) which was so incredibly romantic and sumptuous that we didn't want to leave and see the rest of Edinburgh. We also ate at their restaurant, and were not disappointed. Delicious food and amazing wine in a very intimate and well-appointed dining room. Our waiter, Seoridh, helped us navigate the extensive wine list and choose a bottle that complemented our meal perfectly. We will definitely be back the next time we visit the city.
loved our meal, loved our waiter, great service and wow - what an ambiance.  Thanks all for making moms 90th perfect.
I went to this place for the lunch, since it was recommended in many guidebooks and by many people. I have to say, I was a bit disappointed. The 2 course lunch deal isn't 12.95 anymore, it is 15.95, meaning it is about $25, that is not really cheap. I know I know, you go there for the atmosphere, but for $25, I expected better food. And like other people are saying, bread were cold. How disappointing. And they pressure you to get wine. Since I was there for Fringe festival and I didn't want to drink before the show, I declined the offer but they kept asking. Here is the thing, don't pressure your customer to buy anything, or they will not come back. And Andrew Lloyd Webber said this is the prettiest place... well, I have seen better. It is pretty, but it didn't take my breath away. Also, since it was the midst of August, lots of family with kids were there too so I guess it is kids friendly.   What really infuriates me is that the price for bottled water and TEA!!!!!! 5 for Glenlivet Speyside mineral water is a bit much, but 5 for a pot of tea, and I mean POT OF TEA, and tea bag is a regular TWININGS ENGLISH BREAKFAST!!!!!!! Can't you at least use loose tea leaves? And something a bit more fancy? Like Fortnum and Mason??? I felt like I got raped when I saw that on the bill.  FYI if you ask for a water, they will give you the 5 mineral water, so you may want to specify tap water, or whatever they call tap water over there. Unless, you are cool with paying 5 for a bottled water.
The Witchery in Edinburgh Wer in dieser Stadt ist und sich die Kritiken durchliest, kommt am Witchery nicht vorbei. Der erste Eindruck nobel, nett und mit Herz eingerichtet.  Die Menueauswahl sehr verlockend, das Essen gut; die Weinauswahl international z. T. sehr expensive. Leider gibt es einen Punkteabzug bezgl. des Personals  eine gewisse berheblichkeit kan man einzelnen Personen nicht absprechen.  Aber in Summe immer ein Besuch wert.
Food 4/5 Service 4/5 Ambience 5/5  Our favourite dining experience whilst in Edinburgh for the holiday.  It wasn't the best food but it was decent. Traditional faire such as meat pies, haggis, blood sausages, etc. are done well. There are other michelin star worthy restaurants we ate at in Edinburgh but nothing beat the history or atmosphere of this place.  Situated in Old Town Edinburgh, right next to the castle, this was apparently part of the jail barracks centuries ago. Rumours abound of haunted spirits that were tortured in these gallows still roam this restaurant and surrounding buildings of the castle.  The inside of the restaurant was very small, romantic and quaint - most doors in the UK are tiny but this place reminded me of entering a Hobbit's home. I thought it was way too hot inside, despite it being below freezing and windy outside. It was hard to remove all my layers of clothing with such tight quarters.  If you only had one night in Edinburgh for the first time, I'd highly recommend going here.
I have a hard time giving high-rated restaurants five stars, but The Witchery definitely deserved it! We had a large group of 13 and they not only were amazingly efficient, they knew everyone's wine preference by memory, had amazing food and were the nicest and most amenable staff for such a large group that I've seen. Hats off for great food, service, ambiance and overall dinner experience.
This is one restaurant I have wanted to try for sometime. Heard great things about it, the food, the location, the decor etc. The food was excellent. Can't really fault it and the atmosphere was lovely with great service. Only negative point is I'd say its a little pricey. Have been to other restaurants in town that were as good if not better and cheaper. I think if I was a foreign tourist I'd be blown away with the whole package. Otherwise a great night out and have to recommend to others if you're prepared to pay that little bit more.
The ambiance the service and the wine were 4 to 5 star. The food was tourist food. VERY unexceptional. The first meal in the UK I've been disappointed in.   Had a scallop aperitif that was "okay". Nothing interesting about it. Had a vegetarian risotto that sounded amazing and was totally tasteless. My niece had a cauliflower soup aperitif that was bland and a potato stuffed with crab etc... she said "I wouldn't send it back but it was just dull". The food in a word... dull.
The Witchery will have the highest grade in presentation, just telling you now.  I'm not spoiling anything.  This is not a predictable plot with a Shyamalan-like fifth act twist.  By saying this early, I can make you wet your imaginative appetites (see what I did there) as you contemplate how this place could possibly look better that Inamo or Claridge's.  The Witchery matches Claridge's in their dedication to offering a fine dining experience over just good food.  I've been thinking about that, about how I prefer to have a dining experience.  I would never go out "to get food."  "Let's get something to eat" would be replaced with "Let's go out tonight."  This is why I haven't eaten fast food in five years.  I go out for the treatment and the experience as much as the food eaten.  As I sat down and took my first glance at the menu, I knew I was in good hands.  Our third water had come down with water after the second had brought the menus.  As the rain fell outside, we enjoyed the warmth of the Witchery. And then we ordered haggis. I know what you were thinking with that statement.  "...and this was when it went downhill."  Haggis has a rather tepid reputation amongst westerners, squarely because of various negative images and connotations.  For me it, it was Highlander, where a French actor playing a Scotsman explains what haggis is to a Scottish actor playing an Egyptian.  When hearing that haggis was sheep's stomach stuffed with meat and barley, the Egyptian played by the Scotsman retorts, "How revolting!" But let's analyze what haggis really is.  To do that, you must come face to face with the realization that you've been eating its brother for most of your life. Sausage, it's the same stuff in a different package.  Where haggis employs a stomach, sausage uses intestines.  This process continues today, though most industrial manufacturers have cheapened out and switched to synthetic cases.  So haggis can be looked upon as just a sausage ball.  How much harm could come from that? You're probably thinking the other shoe is going to drop, but no.  The haggis was the first ordered, the first arrived, and was so overwhelming delicious that it sullied all dishes to follow.  The skin gave way the moment you scared it with the fork.  I'm so hooked on haggis now; I could eat it for breakfast, second breakfast, elevensies, luncheon, afternoon tea, dinner, and supper.  It was so good; I'd forgotten to take a photo.  I know; I'm naval lint.  The haggis was 9.50 and a bargain.  From there, we took in the d'Hote Menu, basically what we have been doing nearly everywhere else.  Between meals were offers of bread, the same as Claridge's.  My mother ordered wine to my water, the same as Claridge's.  Three courses were 30 quid.  Does that sound good?  It's less than half than Claridge's, so this place just got an A+ in value.  The actual starter after the haggis was offered as three options.  My mother elected for the grilled Irish oysters, pancetta, spinach, and hollandaise while I had the Tamworth ham hock en gele, piccalilli, with grain mustard mayonnaise.  And you couldn't have a more complicated and more delicious way of saying "spreadable meat and mayo on bread." We both decided the main should be the grilled gigot of new season lamb, rosemary potato cake, with aubergine caviar and tomato jus.  Alas, this is where the Witchery falters.  We must have been missing a point to this because the lamb was almost entirely fat.  It was a nearly inedible minefield of grizzle forcing us both to spit portions back onto plate like we were Gordon Ramsey in a kitchen nightmare.  The sides were good but this meal was ultimately a disappointment... what a shame.  In retrospect, I should have gone for my first choice, the butter-poached potato gnocchi with garden peas, broad beans, ricotta and mint.  The mean was redeemed with organic carrot cake topped with mascarpone ice cream blueberry syrup.  The Witchery was sizing up to be the greatest restaurant of the trip.  It did everything else to perfection, from service to dcor, to every other dish.  It still gets extremely high praise from me because this one poor dish just wasn't enough to sour the entire experience.  I would definitely return.  I would also say that you won't regret going and should do so, just avoid the lamb. Food:  8/10 Service: 10/10 Presentation:  10/10 Value:  8/10 Recommendation:  9.3/10
The Witchery is a restaurant with rooms.   5 stars for lodging (the Library room) and for the restaurant both!  LODGING: The Library room is exquisitely decorated and serviced (see their website for detail and pix). Although it is on Royal Mile, just steps from the Edinburgh Castle, the room is dead quiet (props to old stone buildings). The room is spacious and well decorated as a time piece, but not ostentatiously so. More thought should be given to adding closet space though. It is very clean and comfortable and WARM in these winter months. Complimentary continental breakfast arrives at the moment that was requested; delicious croissants, porridge in iron pots, and creamy yogurt were favorites.   RESTAURANT: We had dinner in the original dining room. We almost did not because of some of the less than positive comments in other Yelp reviews. I'm glad we did, though, because it was as if those disappointed yelpers had dined somewhere else.  Simply put, our dinner at The Witchery was one of the finest meals we've had anywhere. The room is well appointed, mysteriously quiet and candlelit. The service was comfortably impeccable. The lamb Wellington (served for two) was the tenderest of meats I've ever had, and deliciously prepared. The duck was equally tender and flavourful. The sides of whipped potatoes, ratatouille were sublime. The deserts - made to order bread and butter pudding and a variety plate of rhubarb sorbet, chocolate and other hand made delights was... delightful.   Don't pass this restaurant by - and stay for the night if you can.
What a disappointment.    I had been looking forward to going to this restaurant for years, and finally had a chance over the holidays.   I guess I would compare my experience to wanting to go out with that beautiful girl or handsome fellow, for forever, and finally getting that chance. This person at first, is beautiful, seems intriguing, alluring and you believe you will really hit it off. However, once you actually go out with that person, you realize that beyond that physical attraction, there is very little substance underneath and you know that you never want to go out with person again. Such was my experience at the witchery.  Upon our arrival, the hostess was...well...curt....not necessarily being overtly rude, but not exactly welcoming.  Regardless, I set it aside and we were brought down the stairs into the Secret Garden. The candlelit room was stunning and dressed up for the holidays. It was quite an impressive setting.  However, it is the only reason why it gets two stars and it is also where the magic ends. Much of the remainder of our experience was just, blah.   Our waiter was not friendly, not rude, just sort of existing and did nothing to enhance our experience at the restaurant. In fact, nondescript is the perfect description.   We ordered off the three course fixed price menu. I ordered the cauliflower velout; flat iron steak; and cheese course for dessert. The food was mediocre at best, with the cheese course being the best of the three dishes. The velout was too salty for my taste and I needed a hack saw to cut though my flat iron steak.   We also had problems with the service of our meal. When one of parties steak not properly cooked, we ended up finishing our main course when her steak was finally brought to the table.  To finish off this forgettable experience, at the time of paying our bill, the waiter overcharged us on one item---which to their credit was removed. However, we did not realize until later that when the waiter took it upon himself to charge us in US dollars, there was a 3% charge for the privilege.   Certainly not the experience we were looking forward to.
It's expensive, it's atmospheric and it's slightly over-blown. The food is good. In some ways it is very good but it is not into Thomas Keller territory. This food will not thrill your soul. It isn't art but it's well-prepared and presented, albeit in micro-portions at eye-watering prices. The service is decent. The dcor is charming. The clientle are trying to show off. We just came in after a day of sight-seeing, a family of 6 with a tired 5 year old child who found nothing to eat that she could relate to. Unfortunate at these prices that children are welcomed but not in any way catered for. Try a little harder, Witchery. My husband was not amused at the paltry selection for vegetarians and the mini-glasses of beer sold at full price. Nothing on draught either. For one of the most exclusive and hyped eateries in town, this place is okay but nothing to write home about.
We ate here last month. It was eye-wateringly expensive, there is little vegetarian choice, and not only is there no children's menu but they would not condescend to make our 5-year-old anything that was not on the menu. For the price point (60 a head) this was below average.
We saved the best for last on our whirlwind Scotland vacation. We had a great time touring around the countryside, but I wanted to make sure to end things on a high note. The Witchery was the perfect choice.  There is a lot of history here, since the building was erected in 1595. The ambiance was brilliant. Old, dark, hand-carved woods on the walls and ceiling. Every member of the staff we encountered was exceptionally friendly. It was very romantic, with tableside candle light. The table flower arrangement was a thistle and a rose, commemorating the marriage of James IV and Margaret Tudor, which foreshadowed the union between England and Scotland. It was fun having a history lesson right on our table. All in all, it was like having a fancy dinner in the 1600s.  Of course haggis was on the menu (it's Scotland after all), but I'd already had my fill on this trip. We started instead with a bowl of Witchery Shellfish Bisque, complete with rouille, croutons, and gruyere cheese. The croutons and rouille were awesome together: rich, creamy, and garlicky. It was a nice way to warm up my palate.  For my entree, I couldn't resist their Three Little (rare breed) Pigs: roast loin pulled pork fritter, crispy pork belly, and grilled pork shoulder, along with a Cox's apple puree and sweet potato fondant. I was very anxious to try these local Scottish piggies.   The sweet potato fondant had a good sweetness to it and paired nicely with the apple puree. My pulled pork fritter was full of tender meat, covered in a magnificent crisp batter. It too was great with the apple. As I expected, the pork belly was very decadent and pleasantly salty. It also came with bacon, which makes everything better. The pork shoulder had a nice sear to it, and it had a good balance of meat and fat. Like everything else, it also paired well with the apple puree.  Dessert was essential here. It took some thought, but we finally decided on their Single Estate Madagascan Chocolate Tart, which also comes with an orange blossom ice cream and white chocolate pirouettes. Orange and chocolate go great together in general, and this was no exception. It was dense and fudgey.   We finished off the meal with some decaf Liqueur Gaelic Irish Coffee. Brown sugar is the way to go with this drink. It was a nice warm nightcap. I really wanted the pistachio biscotto that came with it, but I was way too full by that point.  The Witchery was the perfect end to what had been a perfect vacation.
We went to the Witchery for a late lunch after walking around the Castle.  Heard it was one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh and it lived up to expectations.  For starter I had the assiette of charcuterie which was pretty good.  I selected the Fisherman's Pie as my main which was pretty good, not your normal heavy and creamy pie.  My friend got the lunch set menu and really liked it as well.  I also give them props b/c while other groups were there in suits, I walked in dressed like a scrub off the street (read as: underarmour...  seriously) but they still gave us respectable service (not sure I would have).  Overall a really good restaurant a nice change of pace from normal pub food at most other establishments around the city.
I definitely think this place is riding on the coattails of their buildings history and long-standing reputation. I was very underwhelmed by my three-course meal here. I had a soup for a starter, chicken for my main, and a dessert that I barely ate and can't seem to remember... obviously left a good impression. Perhaps I'm spoiled in Dublin with restaurants that have food with amazing taste and beautiful presentation for a bit cheaper... but still, come on. I don't know who they're fooling with a piece of chicken on a plate with mash. I definitely think they need to up their game before people realise their quality doesn't match their reputation anymore.   I also found it very irritating and cheesy that they menu listed celebrities who had visited the restaurant. A solid restaurant wouldn't have to boast such things...
Recommended by an Edinburgh native that we work with, my wife and I went to the Witchery during our long-delayed honeymoon, as the only "fancy" dinner of the trip.   We were promised the best restaurant in Edinburgh, and not disappointed! Of course, that comes with one of the most expensive meals we've ever had (if not the most--the poor dollar/pound rate doesn't help), but it was worth it for the special occasion.   We both got the three-course meal, picking different options so we could try most things. That included scallop cassoulet, chicken and trout entrees, and then lemon tart and rhubarb savarine for dessert. Everything was fantastic--we didn't leave anything on our plates.   We started with cocktails; my gin martini was quite good, and while her French 75 was a bit too sour, they were happy to fix it. The wine list is quite extensive, we had a nice French Sauvignon blanc.   All in all, I'm glad we went; it is certainly pricy but perfect for a special romantic night.
When you are on a savings clearing trip with your family and decide to spend lavishly on a couple of "grand" nights out - I would strongly advise giving this spot a pass.   If you are going to spend 35 pounds / $60.00 on an entree (veal ribeye) you don't expect it to come w/slightly melted Saran Wrap welded onto it (3/4" x 3" piece of plastic) and when you point that out to the staff, you might expect a bit more in response than a blowoff "well that's just the wrapping for the meat, it shouldn't be there" and nothing more - at the end of the meal, the restaurant made the gesture of striking our two cocktails from the bill - but never seemed too concerned about how they were presenting their very pricey "fayre"  In general, we had a much better experience overall (food & service, anyway) the night before at a grass market pub (the Kingfisher) for a fraction, a wee fraction of the price - in summary, save your money, they don't seem to be too concerned with what they are serving and the location is not enough to make up for their kitchen's carelessness or their waiter's haughtiness.
Grand, well-known landmark of a pub, with huge tiled portraits and little booths. OK for groups if they get there early-ish. Its glory days have gone a little, sadly, although for film buffs, I believe a scene from the film Chariots of Fire was filmed here. But at least it's not pretentious.
The Cafe Royal is a gorgeous bar and restaurant tucked away in West Register Street, directly behind Princes Street. In fact, it's so tucked away that unless you went on a mission to find it (or got lost in the city's back streets) you could quite easily be unaware of its very central existence.   There are two parts to the Cafe Royal - the bar and the restaurant, both are equally wonderful. The bar has a wide range of malt whiskies and an excellent menu (including the famed Cafe Royal Oysters, try them Rockefeller style), however it is usually incredibly packed - you would be very lucky to secure a table for yourself, most of the drinks I've had here have been at the bar. The restaurant is an oasis of calm compared to the bar. The food and service are both exceptional however this is reflected in the price of the menu.   The Cafe Royal is worth a visit just to check the decor of the bar, it is incredibly ornate with exquisitely painted Victorian tiles on the walls, stained glass windows and expertly carved wooden panels. Bring tourists and out-of-towners here to impress them with the style and quality of Edinburgh's drinking holes!
Super Laden mitten in der Altstadt von Edinburgh ! Lecker Essen und jede Menge Bier im Anstich. Die Bedienung ist uerst zuvorkommend und absolut fit im Umgang mit den Kunden. Ab 11 Uhr ist die Bude voll mit Menschen. Ein angeschlossenes Restaurant und eine kleine warme Karte fr den Thekenbereich komplettieren das Angebot. Frs Restaurant unbedingt frhzeitig reservieren !!!!
The Cafe Royal is a brilliantly traditional pub and restaurant, located down a sneaky wee alleyway, which is actually a nice little oasis of cool pub establishments, as you've got Voodoo Rooms above Cafe Royal to go to as well.  The Cafe Royal is steeped in history (love the word steeped, have been trying to find somewhere to use it all day), having been around in its current location since 1863. You can witness the evidence of the history steeping when you get inside and check out the stained glass and wood paneled interior, with the old fashioned bar and surrounding booths.  There are tons of whiskies and good ales to choose from, plus some really decent and hearty pub food options. The Cafe Royal is famous for its amazing oysters, and the restaurant section next door to the main bar has a really tasty, very Scottish menu on the go. A couple of other things to note - a restaurant scene from Chariots of Fire was filmed here, plus the place is apparently haunted, so ghost hunters, get yourself down here for some oysters plus spirit searching.
I had to search for The Cafe Royal.  Cheryl C is absolutely right:   it is "located down a sneaky wee alleyway".   My son and I stopped by for a drink (thanks to Ian Rankin's recommendation in a Guardian podcast about Edinburgh).  What a beautiful place.  It is like walking through a time portal into the 1870s. A lovely gentleman at the bar -- a retired banker in suit and tie -- told us about the Cafe Royal and its clientele.  I would have stayed to eat but it was a bit too up-scale for the university student.  He felt uncomfortable in the elegant surroundings and was the youngest person in the Cafe Royal by at least 15 years.  The famed oysters will have to wait for next time.
Great decor and atmosphere. Had some good whiskey and beer here but disappointed we could not get a table to eat seafood after. Still heading over to Seadogs was a pleasant surprise. Review to come
Cafe Royal is, hands down, the most gorgeous bar I have ever been in.  High ceilings, mosaics, beautiful old bar, well laid out.   As such, it is especially fun for a special occasion, but it really isn't the kind of place I find myself frequenting on a regular basis.  The beers are priced exactly as you would expect them to be in such an opulent setting, and the selection isn't terribly extensive, but is perfectly acceptable.    I've eaten here (in the bar) twice.  My fish and chips were amazing and I was thrilled to be given my very own bottle of vinegar so I could overdose as much as I liked.   My second eating experience was not quite as pleasurable.  The food was highly praised, but it was the service which has knocked off a star.  There were two of us, so we each ordered food.  However, when only my meal showed up, we asked the waiter about our other order.  He said he would check for us, and never returned.  I was appalled.  We waited 20 minutes before I finally went up to the bar because no one would make eye contact with us.  I explained the situation to the person who finally helped me, including the fact that we told our waiter what had happened and he never came back.   The saving grace was the fact that that member of staff literally ran down to the kitchen to see what happened and then sent us a free round of beers to make up for it.  This I appreciated SO much because it was a recognition that the original waiter handled the situation very poorly.  It is a shame, really, because every time I have come here the service is the only down point of the whole experience.  Despite that, the rest of the experience is really quite nice.     I've not eaten in the proper restaurant but my guy absolutely gushes about how amazing it is, so it looks like something I will have to try out one of these days.
Mmmm... Scotch and shellfish.  I expected this place ot be a tourist hell being that it's tucked just off Princes Street. However, it seems to be a pretty serious local for many a Scotsman (and woman). Because of this, I tried very hard not to rub off too much of my touristy-ness on anything.  Go. Choose from the awesome array of Scotch. Eat some oysters and maybe a mussel or two (they're the small ones just like I love!). But for the love of all that is holy, please don't be a tourist about it. We wouldn't want to ruin this place for the locals.
for selfish reasons, i want to give this place 1 star.  i don't want too many ugly americans discovering it. i'll go out on a limb and put my faith in my people and tell the truth:  it's a really, really great bar.  i'll just cross my fingers and hope you can't find it.  the food is amazing. the soups are good, the mussels melt in your mouth, sandwiches reliably tasty...i've never had anything that was less than stellar from the menu.  usually a fairly quiet place to get a nice afternoon drink.  staff is friendly.  it's gorgeous inside.  sometimes a little difficult to get a seat.  just don't be an ass and hog the tables/booths for hours.  it's not nice.
If you like seafood, this is the place to go in Edinburgh. From oysters to mussels to other delicious items on the menu, this was our favourite place in Edinburgh on our recent visit. Make sure to make a reservation as they do get busy.
Wow...Cafe Royal is one of the best looking old-school pubs you can find in the capital. Go here, seriously, you will walk away impressed!    Sure Cafe Royal is a bit touristy, but seriously I could spend hours staring at the elaborate plush interior.   It gets insanely crowded such that we couldn't get a table for dinner, but to be honest the food in the bar area did not look the best (though in the adjacent restaurant the food looked stellar).   Do come here for a drink or three though, you'll be glad you did!
I've been in here to drink on numerous occasion over the last 20 years or so but last night was the first time I'd had a meal in the place so now seems like a good time to post a review. The ale behind the bar is always in good nick and the service there is generally very good and we found this to be the case in the restaurant too as we were looked after by a particularly professional pair of wait staff (in fact the only negative for the whole visit really was the rudeness of a fellow diner who took no responsibility for causing our waiter to spill a whole caffe latte over the end of our table thereby putting the restaurant in the position of giving us a 3rd cheese board for free). No one raised an issues with the food (for my part the beetroot & goats' cheese salad, fish & chips and very good cheese board were all of a high standard) and the 1kg of mussels was especially well recieved. Definitely one of the jewels in Edinburgh's eatery crown.
I have to say that the Caf Royal has to be one of my top 3 bars in Edinburgh.  You will pretty much regularly see me in there, either with friends or family.  My mum has always been a fan, from when she used to work at the Civil Service nearby - and there certainly are many regulars, (probably a lot who worked/still work for the government!) who have been going for years and years!  You will pretty much see some form of politician in there at some point but don't let that put you off!  It has the most lovely oval bar in the centre (it is, in fact, not the original bust still lovely) - and the tiled painted decorations of various Scottish famous people around the room is lovely.  It's always busy - as it is a famous landmark of Edinburgh - so you're lucky to get a seat - but if you do get a seat at one of the round booths, even if you are sharing with others - it's even better - and you always end up talking to some random people!  It's a great place for people watching. In a way, it has a similar vibe to the Crown Bar, in Belfast - which is now owned by the National Trust - but a great bar, so different from those around it!  I've only tried the bar food which is really nice. Saying that some days are better than others! However there is the Oyster Restaurant next door, and part of the Caf Royal - does look stunning if you fancy a special meal.  The bar  selection is very varied and the rose wine selection is lovely.  Would highly recommend visiting if you've not been before!
Oysters and a pint followed by a selection of pies....! Why wouldnt I love this place!!!  This place is charming Edinburgh at its best, great staff, nice locals and some cracking wjiosky and gins!  Oysters Kilpatrick or Natural a massive favourite of mine!
I've always enjoyed the Cafe Royal, on my many visits. They serve an excellent array on drinks, and their bar menu is tremendous. The stars are, of course, their oysters, which are best served on ice, with nowt more than a squeeze of lemon.  Overall, we said: "I'd heartily recommend that you pay the place a visit, glug down and oyster or two, and savour the buzzing environment of another noble Edinburgh institution."
I have passed this place tons on my exploring Edinburgh trips, but have never had the chance to go until Thursday night. From the front, it reminded me of my beloved Rogano as it shouts out seafood (and oyster bar in particular) and champagne. I went in and found it so gorgeous inside - beautiful ceiling detail with the cornicing, oval bar and little booths around it. I was only in less than an hour but it seems to attract an afterwork crowd - good and mixed of all ages which for me is the sign of a great bar. Great choice of drinks - didn't try food but the chips that went passed looked and smelled fab so I intend to return and sample food!
One of the most beautiful pubs in Edinburgh, which is quite a feat. Traditional Victorian pub yet at the more stylish end of proceedings, and tends to attract more of an after work crowd than other pubs in this category.   Oval bar in the centre, surrounded by booths with leather seats, tiled floor, ornate ceilings, brasswork, high windows, and the real highlight: tiled "paintings" of famous Scottish scientists and inventors. Absolutely gorgeous interior all round, and a place that no visitor to Edinburgh should miss.  Has the usual booze offerings with about 4 real ales on tap, so something for everyone. It's often referred to as the oyster bar because of its signature dish, which you can have in the bar or in the adjoining restaurant.   The only downside is that it gets packed out most days in the early evening or on weekend afternoons. But fear not. It's next door to another fine Victorian pub, The Guildford Arms. Two of my favourite pubs in Edinburgh, right next door to each other. Isn't Edinburgh a great city?
This is a great establishment.  There are no drinks promos here but going by the atmosphere and clientele this is certainly a good thing!  This is more an older crowd so if you want to go for a drink with your folks, take a girl out and impress her or have a sophisticated night on the tiles with the ladies then this is the place to go.    The big old fashioned wooden bar takes centre stage and all round it are booths and wooden tables with a tiled floor - I always feel like I'm in a bar in Paris rather than Edinburgh just due to the decor and feel of the place.  With huge displays of fresh flowers dotted about this place it is such a pleasure to frequent this little gem.    They do a great bowl of mussels with lovely fresh bread to dunk into the sauce - delicious!!!
I am a regular customer of this bar mainly as I am a lover of all things seafood.  Normally I will admit the food is very good - last night however the osyters we were given were dry in the shell, warm and well disgusting!  The waiter tried to rectify the situation but the next oysters brought out were warm, dry and gritty.  Awful experience! We also ordered the seafood platter which costs 44 - for that you are thinking oooh this will be good! Well....it wasnt anywhere close to being good value.  A small overcooked lobster, prawns in filo ala out of a freezer bag, 2 small scallops, some average smoke salmon with capers....that was it......!  Next time....when I want a seafood paltter...I will stick to Ondine!
Went to the bar side for a quick lunch.   We had the Oysters kilpatrick to start and the fish stew and bangers and mash for main.   Oysters were very tasty (and mashed potato was used to hold them onto the plate!!!! :P) as was the fish stew - not to watery, just the right consitency with a lot of seafood. Bangers and mash were awesome (as mystery-random-meat always is...) with thick, sticky gravy covering all that is good.  Service was fantastic, waiter had had a long few weeks due to the Fringe but was still very attentive and we were never left without a drink in our hands.  Nom nom yum nom.
As a lover of all things that have a historic significance, the Royal Cafe was a terrific find the other night to have dinner with friends.  I had seen it on my travels around town but could only get in on my final night in Edinburgh.  This historic pub almost met it's demise back in 1969 as a hotel bought the property that it stood on and they were ready to sell it to Woolworth's to be torn down to make a parking lot.  Well thank heaven the city and neighborhood got involved and blocked that sale so that today, people can still enjoy great food and drink in a historic building.  Take a close look at what look like paintings on the walls- they are really a collection of Dutch Delft tiles that combine to make a series of large pictures.  Really something!  They are known for lobster but I chose to have the salmon wellington which was like a deconstructed pot pie and was delicious.  My friend had the surf and turf special of the night which was also good.  We also enjoyed some of their fresh oysters, on this night they were Scottish Rock, a type I had never heard of but tasted like some of the east coast ones I am able to get in the States.  Service was quite good and since it started raining during our visit- they even called a cab for us and we sat comfortably at the table until the cabbie came into the restaurant to get us.  Loved the atmosphere, the history, but most importantly the food!  And whether you sit on the bar side with the huge round bar or on the restaurant side- you will be sure to have a great night out!
This is a really cool place to hang for a glass of wine and some decent pub-grub.  Great fish & chips - great service - super cool surroundings (love the tile paintings).  Seems like more local people than tourists but also feels welcoming.    A special note to West Coast (US) oyster people:  the oysters here are very huge and creamy, not briny at all - and there is no mignonette (only lemon wedge and Tabasco).  I did not find them appealing.  At all.  But i'm probably too stuck in my own expectation.  Don't order oysters 'Natural' expecting something like Hog Island Miyagis or Kumamotos (*sigh*). If you don't have that in your head - they're probably quite nice indeed.
Popped in again today for lunch.  Have been in here for a lunch time bite several times and it never ceases to exist.  I've brought my parents and clients here, and it's a winner every time! Food is very good, very well priced, good selection of beers and the rest.  It's especially hard to find somewhere simple and well priced at the east end of town, so put this on your list!  Add the beautiful period decor and you can't go wrong!
This used to be my favourite bar in town, why?  It is suitable for absolutely anyone, apart from Jakeballs. So lets review possible scenario  You are on a date/out with the Partner - cheeky pint of something local for him, lovely glass of red for her, sit in a booth or on one of the high tables and stare lovingly into each other's eyes while the non-obtrusive staff bring refills to your table, and you can order some nibbles to share.  Out with the parents or family - you want one of the booths, you could fit 6 around one of these. Mum can try one of their fine Gins, while you and dad work your way through the beer range. Old Dear starts talking nonsense? You can start talking about the beautiful design of the bar, the history of the tile art work, or just pick up a paper and ignore her babbling!  After work beers/ out with the boys/girls? This island bar is yours to conquer, elbow your way in and line the drinks up! Worth noting that there are numerous good boozers within a stone's throw - two more in the same building (Guildford and Voodoo)  This place is a great spot for escaping town, its really warm, but open, and the staff are very good. Their food is very good, renowned for seafood from the adjoining restaurant - though I prefer the burgers. They stock a lot of local produce from seafood, to whisky and beer.
Beautiful decor and helpful waiters. They know the dishes enough to recommend drinks that actually go well with them. The first time I went, I had the "Scottish Venison" which was superb! The venison was tender and very tasty whilst the red cabbage on the side was sweet and slightly sour. Their muscles and oysters were fresh too.  During the second visit, I had the Cullen skink, which was quite nice and different to ones that I had in the past, as they had blended the haddock into fine pieces. The waiter had recommended a lamb special, so I tried it out and was pleasantly surprised. The lamb chops were very tender and they also provided a very nice fresh mint sauce.  As for desserts, I was amazed by their summer berries crumble. It was mildly sour and quite sweet (just the way I like them).  Overall, I strongly recommend coming to this place, I'm definitely coming back when I return to Edinburgh some time in the future.
This is a stunning bar and restaurant.  In the middle of the Victorian type room is the huge circle/oval shaped island bar, and is a sight to see.  Let alone the ornately carved wooden fireplace, large mirror, high ceilings, and six huge ancient tiled murals on one wall.  From what I read the murals were done by and artist named John Eyre, and done in the 1880's, and later purchased by the bar when they opened.  I love pubs with a history, and this has it.  There is a bar area, and a separate dinning area in the back.  The bar is where its at for me though.  They have four cask ales, and a full menu so you can eat at the bar if you want.  One cask is always Deuchars IPA, the rest rotate.  A variety of  Kelburn and Stewart's Brewing have been available on my visits.  The casks are in good shape as well.  The food is great.  I usually have lunch here after walking around Calton Hill for a few hours.  Awesome seafood options.  The oysters, and mussels are top notch, fresh, and local.  Last time I had a Sea Bass Chowder that was excellent.  The chowder itself was good, but the huge fresh prawns that came with are amazing.  This place is great, and a pretty central location as well.  Very easy to get from the station at Waverly, Calton Hill, or even the Royal Mile.  Guildford Arms is right there as well, so a good spot to start a pub crawl if you want to explore the Rose St area.
We recently dined there while visiting family in Scotland.  The food was very mediocre.  I ordered the salmon. I took a couple of bites and knew it was NOT fresh. I called the waitress and told her.  She said she would tell the chef. They did not offer to replace the dish and charged us for it. I became very ill in the night from the spoiled fish. Not only was the food bad but the service and management was worse.  We would never go there again!
Very elegant pub with restaurant in Edinburgh. We sat on the pub side. Crowd was mixed with a fair share of suits but the place was not snooty.  Food is reasonably priced but 2 to 3 pounds more than other pubs.  Haggis was excellent as well as the pasta.  The place is always packed which attests to it's popularity.  A nice change from the usual pubs.
I quite like this bar. Not too pricey for where its situated. Staff pleasant. Lovely place in the Summer months. A lot if tourists use this bar. I like to visit at least once a week to chill out. I have never ate there but the people that have had a meal come back for more. I like this place.
A wonderful, traditional pub tucked off of Edinburgh's Prince's Street.    We sat in the restaurant area for an enjoyable, well-prepared and delicious meal.    For starters, the Scottish salmon & prawns were tasty.  The sweet potato chili soup was also satisfying.    For the main course, the Scottish venison and red cabbage was divine.  The Cambrian, herb encrusted lamb was also succulent and delicious.  Desserts were similarly satisfying.  Good beer selection, friendly service and impressive interior details circa 1861.  Enjoy a fine meal and a satisfying pour of ale here.
I came here on rugby day and thought it would be packed out, but in fact there was room to move and the bar staff were being pretty speedy with service (except for me, but I wasn't giving off "I'm waiting signals", so entirely my fault.)  Often have I admired its opulence from outside (like a little Victorian waif pressing up against the grubby glass to watch a family eat roast beef) but I definitely chose the right time of year to come inside for the first time - my goodness me. The opulence was raised another notch by beautiful Christmassy decorations - everywhere! Those halls were well and truly decked, but in superb taste. I felt that first twist of excitement at last! Yes, I am one of those who gladly will embrace Christmas preparations as early as October... mid-November is definitely leaving it late for me...  As I stood there chatting away with my 1.05 lime and soda (not the most expensive I've had, but not the cheapest) a glorious aroma filled my nostrils... and past my eyes floated a plate bearing beautiful, golden and crispy-looking battered fish. Oh, but it did look good.  I'll update when I've been back for food, but for atmosphere and decor, it's a firm and twinkly four from me!
Wow. I only lived in Edinburgh for a short time, but whenever I think back to it, memories of Monster Mash seem to surface. Now, I haven't been there lately, but I'll try and give it a semi-accurate review...  The basics: Pub fare, with a certain house specialty. Yup, that would be the bangers n' mash. You get a choice of bangers (to those who do not originate in the UK, sausage) and mash ( again, mashed potatoes).  The sausages are usually interesting flavors and meats, but they are always, always, delectable. And the mash is the same way.  If it is your first time venturing inside, do yourself a favor. Get this.  If you feel like something else, their steak and ale pie (with chips) is a surefire bet.
i couldn't come to britain without having bangers and mash, right? this place serves them up right, with several sausage, mash and gravy options. i went for the monster sausage, mash of the day (mushroom) and brown gravy. all quite yummy although the bangers had some hard bits in them that lent credence to otto von bismarck's old adage that "the less people know about how laws and sausages are made, the better they sleep at night."
Sometimes I'm in a two sausage mood, sometimes one, sometimes a venison, sometimes a veggie. What if I want standard brown gravy? Or a red wine gravy? Several types of mash? Check. Better than just pub grub, and not exactly a diner. They do macaroni and cheese (intense), coke floats (do try), and customized quality bangers and mash. Staff is consistently cool if not a little bit awesome in their beer suggestions. Definitely blows my best pub in London out of the water. Now all they need is a quiz night.
Hungry? Cold and wet from Edinburgh's fantastic weather?  Then this is the place for you!  Monster Mash is my reliable pick for an evening of safe, good food. I often use the excuse of entertaining visitors to make a trip here, and it never fails to impress. It has the joys of hearty pub food that you know isn't overpriced and cooked up in a microwave with comfortable, diner like surroundings and friendly service.   The food on offer is not going to help your waistline but it is well worth the treat.  The menu boasts a vast array of sausages, burgers, pies and haggis, proper comfort food that you know is going to fill you up and leave you feeling more than satisfied. Also make sure to look out for the special sausage of the day, there is often an interesting flavour or two there. Combine that with the different choices of mash (nothing like a good Champ mash!) and whatever gravy takes your pick. Now gravy lovers take note! Your gravy comes in your own special gravy boat, to my boyfriend who would quite happily bath in gravy this is a great treat.   I have tried and loved the haggis, sausages, fish and chips and steak pie (jeez, have I really eaten there that many times?). The mash is always delicious as is the gravy, and the portions are huge. Don't go in and say "only two sausages? What kind of place is this?" (as most of the males I have visited with have commented) as I guarantee you will be fit to burst afterwards. If your still hungry and can manage dessert, I recommend the Apple Crumble or go for an old school Chocolate Milkshake. To round it all off, your bill comes with Fruit Salads and Black Jacks- nothing like a bit of nostalgia.   So all that is left to do is to decide who is paying and who will be left with the Black Jacks (yuck).
I wanted to visit Monster Mash again before writing a review, not because I had a bad experience the first time, but because I wanted to try what they're known for- their mash. And my friends, it is indeed Monstrous.  Chosen as "their pick" in my Lonely Planet Europe on a Shoestring guide book, Monster Mash is a no-nonsense diner with basic decor and simple but hearty food.  I have been here 4 times since arriving in Edinburgh and I plan on many more visits in the coming months. "Happy days are here again" is advertised on their front window with a black and white photo of a 1950s couple about to indulge in bangers and mash. And boy do they offer bangers and mash! You can pick from three types of mashed potatoes, gravy and sausage from the menu, but they also offer daily specials which always include vegetarian options. The first time I visited I had the chicken and ham pie with chips. The saucy chicken and ham was hidden beneath a hot air balloon of puffy pastry and was just what I needed on my first day in Edinburgh. A few days later I went back to try the bangers and mash. I decided to try one of the daily specials and had the beef, tomato & basil sausage, accompanied by their classic Monster mash but with green spring onions and a nob of butter topped off with the onion gravy - caramelised onions mixed with a beef and red wine stock. It came to me as a pillow of potatoes (the best I've ever had after homemade) with my sausage (you can choose 1 or 2) resting on top, with my own boat of gravy on the side. Oh how I could not wait to dive into this!! It's easy to resist dessert on a full stomach (and believe me, it's going to happen) but MM has so many amazing desserts to choose from you've just GOT to try one of them! I've tried the Apple Crumble, which was terrific with the warm custard, but the sticky toffee pudding was the winner at the table. My mum liked it so much she was tempted to ask for the recipe! I've also shared the chocolate fudge brownie sundae, which came with a ton of whipped cream on top (my favourite part) and what I can only describe as crunchy brownie pieces- like a soft cookie, buried underneath the whip and perfect vanilla ice cream.  It's fun to mix and match (weird terminology) the sausages, mash and gravy but the menu offers so many delicious options that it's sometimes hard to choose! I'm determined to try every item on the menu by the time I leave, and guess what? I've already had the haggis, neeps and tatties checked off! And it was amazing!
Decor and music have a 1960's theme, but the menu, complete with delicious vegetarian sausage and haggis (SO delicious!) felt pretty contemporary.  For meat-eaters, my boyfriend said the sausage was the best he'd had in his life.  They have a pretty limited drink selection, so just walk across the street to keep drinking.
I mourned the loss of Monster Mash on Glasgow's Byres Road, but I think I prefer Edinburgh's branch even more!  Monster Mash specialise in good old comfort food, enough to keep you warm on a cold winter's night. Priding themselves on offering traditional British grub, their simple, stodgy offerings are quite refreshing compared to the bland gloss of many restaurants nowadays. With a crackling radio humming in the background,much of the kitchen in plain view and a cosy gathering of intimate, chipped formica tables that give you the sensation you're leaning, cafe's like Monster Mash have become charming since there aren't enough of them these days.  There is an element of nostalgia as you are lovingly served up a massive pile of steaming mash and taters, and the attentive waiters are always on hand to make sure you are suitably well fed. It's very down to earth and the menu is kept short and very sweet, so you won't be bamboozled by fancy options.   It's the kind of place you can turn up in jeans to unabashedly stuff your face. In fact, the caring bunch at Monster Mash encourage you to leave your finest attire on the coat hanger, your feigned etiquette at the door, and just to come as you are. They want you to eat and be merry, making Monster Mash the best place in Edinburgh to get some of the finest rustled up scran in the city.
I'm quite glad that the grub in Monster Mash isn't an exact replica of 60s and 70s food, as from what I hear, spam fritters and angel delight were both fairly disgusting.  Instead we get a slightly more modernised take on it, with decor of a similar ilk. I've only ever had sausage and mash in here, but there's that many variations on it there's really not much chance you'll get bored. As a serious carnivore, I recommend going for the beefiest sausage possible.  I'm perhaps missing out on some of Monster Mash's delights as I have a weird thing where I don't eat gravy. Along with ketchup, just looking at it makes me want to heave. It just looks like meat-flavoured water to me.
Indeed, this location is now called "Mum's Great Comfort Food", while the original Monster Mash has moved just down the street - same people, practically the same food, except you can get steak there now too. ....Steak!
It's hard to review this place without getting hungry all over again... It certainly fulfills its description of itself as a 'British retro caf', but its not retro in the sense of musty and weird, it's retro in the sense of it's that amazing it will honestly never ever go out of fashion.  They do have some none bangers-and-mash based things on their menu, like fish & chips or haggis, neeps & tatties, but for the most part the idea is pretty simple: You choose what type of sausage you want, how many sausages you want, and what flavour mash you want. If you're feeling healthy you can opt for a portion of veg one the side, but that'll cost you extra.  Speaking of prices, at first when my flatmate and I saw the menu we thought it was a bit steep - surely it shouldn't cost 6.95 for one single sausage and a dollop of mash?! But then the food arrived and we'd felt bad for ever thinking anything bad about this place...  The sausages were huge, for one thing. In fact, my flatmate couldn't even finish hers. My personal favourite would have to be the smoked pork and bacon one, but if it that doesn't appeal to you there were about 30 different types to choose from. The cajun mash was definitely a good choice too (although there was easily enough of it to feed 3 of me!), it wasn't too spicy but the waiter's description of it having "just a nice bit of heat" was spot on. For gravy I went for the garlic and herb one - call me boring but I didn't really know what was best to go with the range of flavours already on my plate!  If you are feeling ridiculously hungry, you can upgrade to 2 sausages and mash for 8.95, but I think I'll stik to trying to just finish the one first. If you're indecisive, don't worry. The staff were so patient and helpful, presumably because they're used to people taking ages to make their minds up from all the millions of combinations available.  It's fresh, it's filling, it's tasty and it's great value for money. If you've not been there already you should be ashamed of yourself.
The external decor of this place really gives me the creeps! There's a picture of an archetypal 1950s woman leering over her husband at you - wtf?!  Once you get inside it's clear that they're going for the homely feel, but the tongue-in-cheek manner of it just gives me the shivers for some reason. The food, however, is amazing with all the classic British staples like steak pie, fish of the day with chips, haggis and roast chicken.  It's all priced as you would expect with most mains costing about 8 and it all looks and tastes great.  I had their chicken pie which was served in a filling portion, and certainly gave me value for money with plenty of tender chunks of chicken and vegetables in a delicious gravy. I definitely recommend this place for great food and quick service.
Oh how I love Monster Mash! It serves the most amazing British comfort food with a slight 70's feel to it.   Situated just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square, Monster Mash is super popular with all the students at lunch and dinner time so it can be difficult to get a seat.   The menu offers a mouth watering selection of British classic meals which completely do the trick when you are cold and hungry and walking around Edinburgh on a miserable day. Monster Mash's menu includes dishes such as haggis, fish and chips, Shepard's pie, steak pie, and my absolute favourite, roast chicken with ALL the trimmings - yum!  They also serve a really gorgeous pasta dish with a tomato and onion sauce which never fails to impress.   Monster Mash also serve breakfast meals including a full fry up, eggs Benedict and really tasty breakfast rolls which just cost 1.50 - what a bargain! Mt friend absolutely loves their coke floats (coke with ice cream) and I can't seem to get enough of their strawberry milkshakes - they are just so yummy.   I cannot recommend Monster Mash any higher, I love it!
Great traditional British food at reasonable prices. Brilliant!
Didn't know Haggis was comfort food.   After mustering up the courage to try it for myself, I was comforted to know that the MUM's recipe I was served contained nothing but ground veggies, bean bits and barley parts, piled high on top of parsnip and carrot mash. (I did order the meaty Haggis, but wasn't going to send this tower of yum back to the kitchen.) The onion gravy was flavorful and the pumpkin-leek-potato soup served with sundried tomato bread was also yummy after I doused it in salt.   It's a 5 Pounds Sterling Lunch Special that's worth every pence. And the Irn Brew was like drinking liquid bubble gum. Yes, I felt about seven again with this Happy Meal. In fact, I even got a fruity chew with the tab, which was much better than some lead-based Chinese toy doomed to break after unwrapping it from the cellophane.  Next time, if I ever go back to Edinburgh, I'll order the Traditional Haggis in true Scottish fashion--in a skirt and no underwear or in underwear and no skirt, whichever one's more comfortable.
Mums was a great experience for a tourist!   The service is fantastic - the servers are soo friendly! And the best part of course, is that the food is fantastic and the lunches (5 pounds) are such a good deal!   The lunch comes with a soup and a main. I had the macaroni and cheese, with the tomato soup. It was filling, and delicious comfort food. I also had the genius to get the milkshake marked as "AMAZING" on the menu, the gingerbread. Seriously it was amazing. If you go to Mums, you should check out this milkshake.   My more daring friend decided to try the meat Haggis, and though it was scary, it ended up being delicious (sort of like.. more flavorful ground beef) so if you want to try it in a less intimidating environment, I recommend Mums!   As someone who came to the UK fearing high prices, Mums is definitely a pleasant (and delicious) experience.
Oh wow. This is like... eating your childhood. Everything warm, soft and comforting from your childhood is served on a plate here at Mums to warm your heart and belly and fortify you against the Edinburgh rains.   The menu is heavily situated around sausages and mash, but they serve local, all-natural sausages and quite the variety of them! You're able to choose your sausages (all different kinds, if you're peckish), your mash (a good dozen or so varieties on the menu as well) and your gravy. There's also a good selection of pies and several other comfort foods.   The decor is cozy, with a retro 70s feel, and the servers are warm and friendly. I tried the pork, garlic and ginger sausage with garlic and mushroom mash and brown gravy, while the boy had a steak and ale pie. Both hearty, tasty and filling for a grey afternoon. I imagine this would be a good pick-me-up after a pub crawl as well, if you're into that sort of thing.
The absolute best fish & chips I have ever had!  The bangers & mash were very good as well but the fish just stole the show.  The space is small and cute, very interesting-comfort/pub food in a unique atmosphere.  I found the place from a travel book and we were very pleased with our choice of dinner on our first night in Edinburgh.  I still dream about that fish....
Where do you order a chicken burger, full fry-up, eggs benedict and eton mess as lunch for four people? At Mums. And boy will it deliver.  As all the other reviewers have said, Mums is homely, hearty food just like, well, your mum used to make. They're main point of focus is big breakfasts, sausages, burgers, sausages and more sausages. With mash. Or 'bangers and mash'. The menu is quite simple, no frills, the food is large and filling and a good bang for your buck.  It was 11.30am on a Sunday. I'd already had breakfast and was still hungry so ordered the chicken burger. Two friends both had a breakfast item, eggs benedict and full fry-up, and another had an Eton Mess. What a lunch it was!   The chicken burger was a lot better than some I've had. It was a proper full chicken breast, butterflied, and served on a fresh bun with home-cut and cooked chips. It was healthy, tasty and just the right size.  Both breakfasts were demolished quickly and I'm assured they were delicious.  The Eton Mess. Oh my. See the photo I uploaded. It was a BEAST! A small child actually stopped in the street (we were in the window seat), stared through the glass, and got closer and closer until his small face was pressed up against the class. Like in the cartoons or something. His mum had obviously told him no ice cream before lunch. HAH. So good not to be 5 any more.   Anyway. It was full of ice cream, meringue, berries and very yum. (I got to try some).  The place is diner-ish, the staff are friendly, quick service despite being busy.  I must confess that 'homely, hearty, stodgy' food isn't my preferred eating out option. Yep, I love a good bangers and mash but I make it at home. But that's just what this is: homely food, out. It'll be especially awesome in the colder months I'm sure.  If you want comfort food, filling food, good food (see previous note about a real chicken breast for a burger, not a friend, bread-crumbed, pre-packaged thing) then head to Mums. Num num num.
We went here at lunchtime today and had a fabulous feed - and they served us lunch even though we turned up at what was really still breakfast time. I've never had a duff meal in Mum's - everything is just simple and delicious and spot-on. You want sausages and mash? Macaroni cheese? Fish pie? They all taste like my Mum's hiding round the corner cooking for me... Oh, and note - they do do booze! I note that the listing says they don't, but they do, including scrumptious ginger cider.
I've eaten at Monster Mash or "Mums" 5 or 6 times and it's always been consistently good. They serve up food just like my Mum used to make, which was- potatoes + a veg + a meat = delicious! Sitting near the window on a rainy day eating some mashed tatties, peas and steak pie can't be beat! Just be careful on the stairs to the bathroom, they're steep as hell!
Mum's was the original Monster Mash. There was some drama over recent years about the ownership of the name and another place called Monster Mash opened a few doors along, forcing the original to rename itself Mum's Great Comfort Food, which doesn't exactly roll off the tongue. But the impostor has closed now, so we're back with the original place, if not the original name.  And what a simple but brilliant concept. As the other reviewers have said, this is a retro British diner but with a knowing modern spin.  Alongside a list of traditional food (shepherd's pie, macaroni cheese, fish pie, etc.), the personalised sausage and mash menu is the reason to come here. Choose your sausages individually from a changing selection (plus one or two veg options). Choose your mash from a long list of styles, then choose from three kinds of gravy. Under 9 for three sausages, mash and gravy. Yum. Simple, classic, cool. There's also a two sausage option, plus they do a lunch deal where you get soup plus one sausage and mash for a fiver.  Last time I was there they were playing classic British rock and had Danger Mouse on the tv. If it gets any more British I'm putting a knotted hanky on my head.  The booze options are fairly good, with a few bottled ales. However the last couple of times I've had a pint of Scottish Thistly Cross cider. I'm not normally a cider drinker, but this goes really well with sausages. Apple-based but with a hint of ginger, very refreshing and easy to drink. A bit steep at 4.25 a pint, but I can't resist.  And the espresso here is quite good as well. Much better than you would expect outside of a proper caf. Even the sweets you get with your bill are nice. They just manage to get everything right. Can you tell I love this place?
The food at Mums is absolutely amazing, let me just state that right here, right now.  Piece of advice? Don't come here with a quick-tempered hothead friend! The manager is fond of banter and it might've been the cultural difference or the hotheadedness but she got very offended by some of the things he said.   In her defence, what he was saying could have been interpreted as rude, in his defence, it was probably just banter that fell flat.  Moving on! I'm definitely coming back here, (without said friend) as the food is absolutely amazing. This is indeed, as has been stated before, comfort food through and through. There's not been many times where I've been able to eat a burger and not have a stomach-ache afterwards. This was the first time in many, many years.  The beef-patty itself was a mixture of herbs, spices, and onion, absolutely delicious and NOT dried out!!! Happy Lou! I tried to eat all of it, but the plate defeated me, and I had to give up about half-way through.   There was also a man across the room who'd ordered the bangers and mash and I'm pretty sure that he was afraid I'd steal his food somewhere during the meal as i kept glancing over. It looked so damned good! I'm coming back for it .. as a matter of fact .. well, would you look at that: I do believe it's almost dinner time. What a coincidence!
Hold the phone, back up, stop right there. In my last review of Mums I said that whilst I did enjoy the food, this wasn't my regular kind of place. More fool I.  First off - I ate my first Black Jack in well over 15 years after visiting Mums and it was worth every single black-stained tooth. They give you a wee fruit salad and Black Jack sweet with the bill. Retro sweets totally FTW.  Admittedly my last visit was in the middle of "summer". Whilst not exactly Costa del Sol, it was warm enough that I was only after lighter food. Enter Stage Right Mr Jack Frost, sun down at 4.30pm, near-zero temps and by 5pm you have yourself one hungry Jen craving carby, meaty, comfort food. Hmm what are the options: Starbucks, Subway or....lo, there was Mums.  This is definitely seasonal for me, but now the cold weather has hit all I want is warm, filling food that will "stick to your ribs" and Mums provides this by the sausage-load. I could see myself becoming an increasingly rotund but incredibly happy part of the furniture here.  Mums do comfort food and they do it very, very well. As other reviewers have mentioned they specialise in 'bangers and mash' but take a quick look at their website to understand just how specialized. Several different types of sausages, you can choose between 2 or 3, and more mashes than I can remember: champ; chorizo; mustard; cheesy; cabbage; swede; healthy and not so healthy options. You name it, they'll have it. And if they don't, it seems like the friendly sort of place that if you requested a slight change they'd be more than happy to help.  So much so that when I asked for no bun with my venison burger, and it came with the bun (not a problem at all), the manager jovially bantered with me about how you can't possibly have a burger without a bun and offered kindly to take the bun away for me, and then took a bite out of it himself. Mums feels family and friendy run, and it is. (But don't worry, they won't eat your food all the time...I think.)  The menu is really quite big, and they open from breakfast till night serving big breakfasts, lunches, dinners, alcohol, desserts and the like. Scottish fry-ups, done. Bacon roll, done. Haggis, veggie or regular, done. Burgers, sausages and mash, pies, fish and chips, crumbles, all of it done.  It's no frills, no fuss but somewhere I could happily spend a good few hours. It has a diner-ish feel for it but not how our American cousins may expect it. It's not 'fast food'. It's home-made food that's simple and hits that very big hole.  Needless to say when I left at 5.30 after chowing down on a delicious venison burger with hand-cut, freshly fried chips (with the skins still on) and a nice wee coleslaw, I was glowing from the inside out and it kept me warm on a good one hour walk to Leith.  Daddy, yes, I would like some sausage, but I'd rather go to Mums thanks. (If you don't know what I'm on about, go and watch Tom Green.)
Hurricane BawBag  2.00pm.  8th December 2011.  450 words into Linguistics essay.  72 hours to go for essay.  5 hours until bourbon tasting.  Need stomach lining. Need warmth. Don't need hail in my eye. Got hail in my eye.  Need restaurant. Don't care where. Don't care what. Hungry. Cold. Wet. Cranky (ok, Bitchy). Want coffee. Want bread. Want to whine.   But I can't. Cause where did we end up? Mum's. The cutest lil' coolest lil' diner type joint this side of Newington! And how!   Now, any chance at keeping to my diet of celery and green tea was OBLITERATED when I walked through the door. There was nothing but chips and cheese and potatoes and gravy and pies and cakes and sausages and Wellington's and... happiness, did i mention they serve happiness here? Well they serve it with a teeny doggie back of guilt and regret, but happiness is what you'll get.   But who could say no to the staff? I couldn't. The waitress was the bee's knees and I just enjoyed every chattable minute! The place was practically empty so a little extra sweet talking and friendliness when you can - don't mind if I do!   I had the Mushroom Wellington, and everyone else got some sort of cheesy heavenly flaky delight ,roast chicken pot pie and macaroni cheese...  [which is a thing we need to discuss in further detail Scotland - macaroni cheese implies that it's cheese with macaroni on it. yes. the first noun modifies the second. grammar rant over]  can't say i'll be back early and often because well...  I wasn't hungry for like 2 days.   BUT I will be back absolutely:  1. when i miss my mom 2. when i run a marathon 3. when i break up with someone 4. when i bomb an exam 5. when i have pms 6. when i'm in a bad mood  Plenty 'o' reasons to come back =)
Banter, banter with bangers and mash.  Oh, joy.   What does my head in every single time is that these people hit my funny bone seemingly without effort. I like to think that I laugh the calories away at the same pace that I'm eating them, at this here lovely establishment.  Its 70s wallpaper looks like it's hallucinating worse than you did during your presumably rather rough Saturday night, and the staff'll be relentless about your obvious hangover, but man, the food. The Foooooooood.  It's so good. It's like a giant hug, but then your stomach gets hugged too, and you feel this weird kind of incestuous no wait, intestuous hugging going on which makes you way to happy, in all the wrong kinds of ways.  Damn you Mums. Damn you for introducing me to your comfort food. And be double-damned for me not being able to stay away.  Breakfast at Tiffany's? Eat your heart out, (erm, yes arteries be damned!)  P.s. Vanilla shake, will you marry me?
Well Mum's Great Comfort Food certainly lived up to it's name! We were instantly greeted by an unbelievably friendly member of staff full of great chat.   The menu is great, the main dishes are burgers, bangers and mash and pies. You get to choose which mash you want from a huge list such as red onion and basil, cheese and onion, leek and bacon etc.  My only advice would be don't eat for 2 days before you visit. I ordered the steak and ale pie with black pudding and apple mash and when it arrived i was shocked by the enormity of it. It really was enormous. This could be a bit off putting for some people but luckily i was starving. The pie was delicious and i couldn't fault it, but the mash was a bit disappointing. To be honest it seemed a bit more like instant mash.  Overall i loved this place. The staff are amazingly friendly and love to have a good chat with everyone, and the food is certainly very comforting! I can't wait to go back!
Cheap and cheerful, although I'm not sure if they're still doing the five-quid lunch special (soup and a main for a fiver -- solid!).   Good ale and cider selection. If they have Thistly Cross ginger cider, try it -- it's a cheeky dance party in your mouth!  The haggis stack is amazing and comes with delicious gravy. The sausages, although small, taste delicious and there are usually four or five varieties to choose from. Be forewarned, though, if you arrive after 1 or 2 p.m. they may have sold out of the most popular! Choose from about a billion types of mash and gravy and you're set.  I'd like to give Mum's five stars -- this review is really closer to 4.5 -- but their service can be a bit spotty at times. Staff are very friendly and nice but it's taken me fifteen minutes after seating just to get a drink order, so if you need a quick in-and-out lunch this might not be the place. Do go and linger though -- it's an adorable place and the food is so good you won't want to rush.
I was here last Wednesday sometime around lunch.  The portions are generous (I'm American, so you know I mean it), and one can't complain about the prices (especially for the rolls-- wow.)  The music was interesting (obscure 80's hits) and became a conversation starter between myself and my half-starved friend.  The waitress was great.  Love to return here.
A great little spot just around the corner from the University of Edinburgh.   We had the winter veg soup, the haggis, and the venison and dumplings.   The haggis was absolutely the highlight. Served over mashed turnips and potatoes with some killer gravy. Venison was nice and flavorful although the dumplings were dense and the side veg were underdone.  They also have Brew Dog IPA on tap which was nice too see.  Friendly staff who really care about the food and making you feel welcome. Next time I'm back in Edinburgh I'm definitely stopping in at Mums.
British home-cooked style meal. Comfort food. Enormous portions.  Delish soup, beef pot pie and chips.
My husband and I went to Mums while we were in Scotland, over a month ago! WE STILL TALK ABOUT IT. I wants me sum MUMS :) there is this waitress there that will sit down with you and discuss the foods and drinks and how they all pair, it seemed like her world and it was just LOVELY...best waitress ever.
Bangers and mash with lots of options. Seriously I think there are about 10 different mashes and they have at least 4 different sausages each day. There's also 4 or 5 gravy options too.   I tried their beef and Guinness (a special) and herby pork. Yum! I had the Moroccan mash and tomato and thyme gravy. Sort of an odd combination but it worked. Plus our meal came with cheery service!  Mum's has many local ales and ciders available. They pride themselves on local brews.  AND they have alcoholic shakes on their menu. Bonus points from me!
Peter Sellers once recorded a song with Sophia Loren that went something like this, "No wonder you're so bony Joe, and skinny as a rake. Well then, give us a bash at the bangers and mash me mother used to make".   When you're far (or not so far!) from home, and just want something to make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside, like your mothers bangers and mash, Mums is the place you should make a beeline for!  It's fairly straightforward, pick your choice of a variety of sausages, mash and gravy...then enjoy it with a great big smile on your face! For me it was the veggie sausage, with chipotle and cheese mash (good kick to it without being over-spicy!), and caramelised onion gravy! You can have 2 (6.95) or 3 (8.95) sausages depending on how hungry you are. I plumped for 2 so I could leave room for pudding!  The puddings were equally heart-warming, with my yummy apple and berry crumble tasting just like the crumbles I used to have at home (complete with a jug of delicious custard!)  To accompany my meal I had a boozy milkshake, and was absolutely overjoyed to find they stock one of my favourite things...Tequila Rose Liqueur. It made for a delightful strawberry milkshake with a hit of tequila!   Mums also have a good selection of other comforting dishes on the menu which are well worth a look!  I had a lovely meal here, and the staff were chatty, friendly and attentive. Word of advice though, book in advance if you have your heart set on a meal full of cuddles and fuzziness. They were full up and turning people away...and it's too wonderful a place to miss out on!
I have nothing bad to say about Mum's.  If I was FORCED to it might be that it can take a little longer to get your food than you might expect at such a small informal place.  But who cares, it's delicious, and it's cheap.  They have a  rotating selection of homemade sausages and always have a Vegetarian option.  You can pick anything you like, with any type of mash you like, and with any type of gravy you like.  So many options and everything I had there was great.  Mums is one of my favorite places in Edinburgh.
I love you Mum!   They are serious with their comfort food. Different options for sausages, mash, and gravy! All to warm your heart!
Best pancakes I've ever had in my life.
Tasty diner, with plenty of comfort food. The taps were dry when we visited but they have a small selection of bottled drinks to choose from. The bangers and mash and shepherds pie were decent. A great hangover meal restaurant.
Ahhh, nothing like a good breaky at Mums to start ye morn!  Love me the pancake bacon stack.  Why?  Bacon.    Comfort food in the UK..err Scotland must mean like a dozen different types of sausages and potatoes.  OR in the local vernacular:  It's Bangers and Mash ya eejit!  Now sod off ya bloke!  Ya barmy berk!  Ya old wanker!  Ya cheeky bastard!  Etc.  *Hops on a plane back to California*  "Ho homes smell ya later"   P.S.  They also have BrewDog on tap!  (yes)
What is left to say about Mums. It has become my favourite start of each weekend, walking in and having a different combination of sausages of the day, accompanied with one of these delicious combinations of mash and gravy and eggs on top.   If you are in the mood for a burger or a pie you can't go wrong either - the beef is tasty as hell and the venison is also a delight. Pack these with a comfy and friendly atmosphere, waiters that don't hesitate giving you opinions about the dishes of each day and great prices and you have it; a place which is really as good as it gets.
Now that I'm nearly done with the school semester & assignments, I can focus on more important things... like YELPING!   Mums is an awesome little breakfast joint and I think it was my favorite meal in Edinburgh. Wake up Sunday morning... what do we want? Breakfast. Got there at 9:50AM and it looked closed :(... luckily for us, they opened at 10. We were the first customers through the door and we were happily greeted by the coolest server ever. I ordered eggs benedict, which weren't as good as the ones I've had in the states, but the pancake stack... OMG... Thin pancakes, bacon slices in between , maple syrup. Holy crap, it was delicious. It was also so pretty I didn't want to eat it... and then, they were so good and our table devoured it. I also don't know what they put in the coffee here. It's freaking amazing and they actually give you a HUGE mug of it, not that little espresso cup crap.   Mums, thank you. You made my day! Food was great and service was top notch!
Soooo yummy!  Hubbo and I each got a cup of cappuccino, they came in a huge cup and tasted soooo good.  I opted for the 3 sausage, mash & gravy and he picked Shepherds Pie.  The garlic & ginger sausage was my favorite, but the Satan's Revenge and  the classic weren't bad either.  Hubbo's pie was also really tasty.  Great comfort food/diner restaurant with friendly service.  The server also chit chat with us about the food to the DSLR camera we were using.  Overall, a great dining experience and I'm a fan!
This cafe is a little off the Royal Mile stretch but if you like great Bangers and Mash, then it's worth you trekking over to get some. They have all sorts of bangers choices and also mash selection! We tried a variety of bangers and mashes and we were not disappointed, only disappointed that there isn't enough stomach to eat more!
I love their food, especially the breakfast! English breakfast, pancakes, eggs benedict, all were great and tasty! A place that I visit on a weekly (daily?) basis everytime I visit Edinburgh. Also great sausages with mash and gravy (I highly recumbent spring onion mash with caramelized onion gravy). Now that I am writing the review I can nothing but wait until the next visit. The "-": the ambience is not the best you could find in a restaurant. It is also a bit cold in the winter. But again... forget it! It's the food that matters!
Varieties of Bangers and Mash; what could go wrong?  I love the staff here, chatty and friendly but don't get in the way, and very kinda to my son and gave him a free sweety (ok we all got them with the bill but it was a lovely gesture!)  There are also great breakfast options here, the black pudding roll I had was fab too.  Things are simple at mums, but its tasty and affordable. good job!
I've been to Mums many times and there's a reason why - it's absolutely delicious, filling, and a great value for money!  I went again last night and had three sausages accompanied with mashed potatoes. I chose the Spanish chorizo, garlic and ginger, and the ale and watercress sausages. My favourite of the three was the ale and watercress. I accompanied the sausages with the chipotle and cheese mash! In addition, I had a Crunchie milkshake! I haven't had a milkshake since I was about 19 so I was looking forward to it (don't know why it had been so long!) and boy was it tasty. My partner had similar sausages but chose the blackpudding and apple mash. We shared a cranachan for dessert - which was my first! It was very creamy and had fresh raspberries.    The service was great, very welcoming and relaxed.   This is a great restaurant fairly close to the Royal Mile and the Museum of Scotland. It's a worthwhile visit if you're in the area!  I'll be back soon to try the Wagyu burger!!!!
I want to give this place a rave review, I really truly do.. because I love the whole concept and idea of diners and that style of casual relaxed dining... but... I.just.can't....  I've been here twice, the first time was a few months ago.. where we had fabulous service and I was merely "whelmed" (did Clueless ever clarify if one could just be 'whelmed'??) by the food...  my bangers & mash arrived rather lukewarm with rather dry mash and lukewarm gravy just made it all a bit meh....  D's pie looked rather more impressive with a HUGE pastry top!  Went again last night with a couple of friends visiting from out of town as they have a 10month old and I thought it would be child friendly..  We were directed to a table at the back (room to park the pram & room for a high chair), which was only half set and still had food on the table... Umm.. Not wanting to make a fuss, we sat anyway and I thought surely she'd bring a cloth to wipe the table when she brought the menus... No... I had to ASK for her to clean the table... Then I has to ask for cutlery when our starters arrived.. (I was secretly hoping she would have noticed we didn't have cutlery while wiping the table and bring us some before our food arrived...) Maybe she just thought deep fried camembert is best consumed using fingers...??  D's bangers & mash arrived around about lukewarm and judging by the amount of gravy him and P went thru, I assume the mash was pretty dry.... My venison pie was ok.. no complaints but nothing I'm rushing back for...M said her buffalo burger was very good, so maybe will have to try that next time...  D was going to order dark choc & cherry ice cream but they "should really change the menu because we've not had it for ages now"... Gah!!  At which point we asked for the bill... which was bought... but then no offer of change or a card machine.. or... well... anything....  we sat around for a while then decided just to pay at the bar on the way out as the baby needed to get back for his bedtime and I wasn't sure she was EVER going to come and take our money... (maybe she was trying to hint that dinner was on her??!!)  Not to be a total negative Nelly...  The milkshakes were delicious as always! :)
Mums, a fun place with great hearty food that will fill you to the brim.  Had the steak and ale pie, this thing was huge, the size of a small bus, very hearty and the flakey shell just dissolves in the thick rich graveyard of the pie. Oh yeah, imagine that. The restaurant has a very hip atmosphere with a staff that is very funny and friendly, makes you feel as you've been going there for years and not visiting.
I come here anytime I'm craving "soul food" and it definitely satisfies my craving. They have a range of different sausages, mash potatoes, and gravies that turns you into that annoying indecisive person. It's the type of restaurant you go to where you finally decide what you wanted to eat, but once your friend's plates come out, you all decide to eat off each others plates.  The staff is extra friendly every time I have gone! The first time I went it was a bit slow, so the cook popped his head out of the kitchen to ask us if the food was good and when we were having trouble deciding what to eat, he recommended some stuff off the menu. Also, I was being indecisive on whether i should get an extra gravy pot for my chips, and the cook told me that when he brings out my friend's gravy, he will put enough in there so I can use it as well. Very very kind service!   I've also had their apple pie with custard and it was grand except the custard needed to be a tad sweeter, but it was still enjoyable and i would recommend anyone to try it!   The only reason why i can't give Mums 5 stars is that it's a bit expensive, still affordable and definitely worth the money, but not a place i can go to every time I'm feeling hungry... and that's like... all the time.  You will definitely go home knowing you had a good hearty meal.
Hearty food at good prices, well served. Not maybe the first choice during the Summer months but last Sunday was a tad damp & chilly so this place drove away the chill with its good sized portions of sausage & mash with sides of mushy peas, topped off with warm chocolate tart & a couple of chocolate-including ice creams. A wholesome, no frills establishment for the whole family.
Great sausages!
Great food at a really good price point. Been there 3 times in the last 48 hours for 2 dinners and a breakfast. The staff is whole lotta fun and the music is classic. Steak & Ale pie is amazing and the treacle & date pudding is off the hook. All washed down with a tasty snakebite.   Give yourself time though. There was a queue and buy the time we got in, ate and split, it was 2+ hours.
Great comfort food said the poster on the wall. And it was. It was a dreich day and we all wanted some comfort food. Mum's delivered it by the bucket- load. Quality retro dishes that brought back memories. Childhood favourites on the drinks list - who doesn't remember ice cream floats from their childhood. Awesome drink & dessert combo.  I had the Spanish chorizo bangers with champ mash & onion gravy. The sausages were packed with chunks of chorizo, full of flavour & meaty goodness. The mash was buttery, lump free and I liked the crunchy sweetness of the spring onions that were mixed through.   I opted for a strawberry milkshake to wash it all down. It was the stuff of childhood. Thick, creamy and satisfyingly sweet. In a proper sundae glass too.   Most of the group had bangers and mash too. One had the steak pie & declared it as good as her nan's. must be good then. Who doesn't love their nan's cooking.  It was huge too. See the pic.  Let's not forget the sweeties. The bill comes with fruit salad & blackjack chewie sweeties. We fought over the fruit salad ones as noone wanted black teeth for the afternoon meetings.   All in, a lovely meal delivering comfort as advertised. At a reasonable price. We'll definitely be back again.
We came here for dessert based on all of the great Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed. We shared the chocolate tart and treacle and date pudding. Let me just say both plates were remarkably clean after we were finished. To wash it all down our server recommended I try the Thistly Cross strawberry cider. This is a fantastic cider. It tasted like fresh field strawberries in glass.   The quality of the food and drinks and the service are all  fantastic.They treat you like you are family. Plus I love the 1950's diner decor. I would definitely come back again and again.
We had the Mums classic and the eggs Benedict. Both were good. The portion size was not too large. The service was fast and friendly. There were plenty of tables on a Sunday morning. No wifi. The waiter also helped us with recommendations for bars for later in the evening.
Prior to my trip to Edinburgh, I had researched a few places to dine at that would offer vegetarian versions of typical Scottish fare. This place came up in my search and I was glad that I did since I quite enjoyed my meal here.  I came here a couple of weeks ago with an acquaintance. He had never been here either, despite having lived in Edinburgh all of his life. I had the vegetarian haggis neeps and tatties and he got the St. Giles steak and ale pie. Our food arrived promptly after we ordered and the portions were quite large. I've never had regular haggis before, so I can compare the vegetarian version to the actual version, but I will say that if regular haggis tastes like the version I had, I would probably like it. It was nicely seasoned, hearty, and just overall tasty. My dining partner quite liked his dish as well.  I like the pseudo-retro vibe that this place has and the food itself was quite good. Good value for your money. Definitely check this place out if you happen to have a quandary about where to dine in Edinburgh!
Comfort food? Yes! We tried their cajun salmon and a burger. Both were fresh and tasty! I really wished I tried the sausages but I was in a salmon mood. Great prices, big portions, and very friendly and fast service. We came a bit about 130pm and missed the lunch rush. Otherwise I am sure we would have had to wait.
Had the sirloin medium rare (which was cooked more medium to medium well) with coffee marinade. Don't get the coffee marinade -- just burns on surface and leaves a bad taste.   Wife had the venison stew with garlic mash -- totally a winner. Garlic mash is like garlic with a touch of mash -- awesome!  Ordered kids fish and chips. Fish were dry and my son didn't really eat it -- I don't blame him.   Chips were nice... hand cut with skin on.    Overall, some hits, some misses, probably won't come back.
I had a huge day ahead of me - about 6 comedy shows in one day (I know) so I needed a lot of energy to help me run across town from venue to venue.  The idea of a good fry up seemed like the perfect idea.    Luckily it wasn't too long of a wait and got a nice quiet table to the back.  I ordered the full veggie breakfast and had your usual flare of items.  I really liked the veggie sausage that was made with carrots and other good stuff.  It also didn't feel too overwhelmingly greasy as well which was good.  The place was busy and service was a tad slow but they completely made up for it with their personality when they got around to you.  It's a nice place to chill out for a bit and not feel rushed for anything.  I'd like to come back and try some of the other lunch/dinner options.  Next year at the Fringe!
First I want to say that the people here are lovely! I was so looking forward to going after reading the reviews, but it was a disappointment.  I had, well...bangers and mash with gravy,  the bangers were ok, the mash was ok, but the gravy was a bit tasteless! how can that happen?? It's their thing, it's what they do! It should have been hot and tasty and comforting and scrummy..but it was just ok. My friend is a veggie and I felt for him, 2 skinny slightly burnt veggie sausages with that uninspiring gravy, it and he looked very sad. Our visit was during the festival so maybe just a bad night? anyway we wont be going back..a shame really, because it sounded like heaven.
While visiting Edinburgh I went to Mums to try the traditional Scottish food haggis for the first time in my life. I had heard good things about the place and I was not disappointed. Mums is a small local eatery with a very friendly staff and good food at very reasonable prices. The next time I'm in Edinburgh I plan to go here for breakfast.
Home cooked food doesn't necessarily mean it will be good. I assume the person at home still has to be a good cook.  All the food here was pretty bad. Cheap and frozen, It's a bit like their mum did actually go to Iceland.   The staff were a bit bizarre too. Really quite unhelpful.
Love it, love it, love it!  I really don't have a bad word to say about this place. We were here for the second time last week and it was just as good as the first. Firstly the service is great. I wanted a milkshake but I'm a wee bit lactose intolerant so I asked the waitress if they had a milk alternative. She said in general, no, but one of the girls that works there is also lactose intolerant so they made me one with her own stash of soya milk, how kind! The milkshake was chocolate flavoured and really yummy. My other half had a Barney's beer, which are always good and made locally.   Foodwise, I opted for bangers (plain pork) and mash (leek and bacon) with caramelised onion gravy and a side of baked beans. It was like a hug on a plate. It's so great that you get different options to chose from and that they have daily specials. Think I'll try the chorizo next time! The portions are incredibly generous, so much so that I couldn't finish my plate which is really not like me. However, I did have space for desert, but more on that later! My fianc opted for the Mac and Cheese and thoroughly enjoyed it. I tried a wee bit, and while it's not quite as good as my mum's (isn't that always the case with mac and cheese and lasagne?!), it's pretty darn tasty!    Then comes desert. Both of us were pretty stuffed but couldn't resist ordering a little something something to share. We chose the chocolate tart which was served warm with ice-cream covered in some sort of berry coulis. It was really tasty, almost like brownie pie. I would definitely order it again.  I was also pleasantly surprised with the price. It was only 25 for both us, not breaking the bank at all!   There's not much negative to say about it. It is a wee big dingy through the back, but it is very clean and they pull of the British diner look quite well. Plus, I found myself singing along to almost every song that came over the sound system. And the fruit salads and blackjacks that came with the bill were a cute wee touch.   Over all, yes go there, it's great. Especially when it's a horrid day outside and you feel like eating your ow bodyweight in stodge.
Mums--So fun!!!!! Great food. Great service. A lovely dry wit waitress. Made us laugh loads. Left us to ourselves.  The wine was divine. I ended up having two "holiday" size. Large :). Can't wait to go again!!!
Achhh! (that's my attempt at sounding Scottish) So good!  Walk in and you're immediately greeted by super friendly folk.  Including our amazing waitress server person Naisha (spelling?) who immediately chatted up a storm with us over a range of topics including my ridiculous Tardis hat and my Muse hoodie, because who doesn't love a bit of Muse, and of course, our unique N-names.  Drawn to Mums because of the promise of traditional British fare, and they definitely delivered!  My American travel companion and I (also American, but resident in the UK) tucked into some sausage and mash, with a variety of sausages including one I made her get because I wanted to try called Satan's Revenge which was insanely spicy and delicious.  I was pointed in the direction of a special pie they had that was off the menu and filled with various game meats including venison, pigeon, and pheasant, although I think there were more.  Oh my goodness, that pie comes out and its pastry top is bigger than your head!  And I have a giant noggin!  And it was SO tasty!  Had the leek and bacon mash with it, which admittedly needed a bit of salt, but with the brown gravy, was a-ok.  So another good review on the pile for Mums!  Its popularity is not unwarranted.  Go!  Eat some tasty comfort food like your British mother would cook, but I don't have a British mother so I just have to run on the knowledge that it's just darn tasty.
Mums--So fun!!!!! Great food. Great service. A lovely dry wit waitress. Made us laugh loads. Left us to ourselves.  The wine was divine. I ended up having two "holiday" size. Large :). Can't wait to go again!!!
We went to Edinburgh to meet a friend who had done his undergrad there and he brought us to Mums. It was morning but everyone was really friendly - almost too friendly!  I had a pancake stack for breakfast, which was great. The combination of maple syrup, pancakes and streaky bacon just hit the spot. If I'm ever in Edinburgh again for breakfast this will be what I want!
Such an awesome spot.  My brother and I popped in here one late afternoon for a bite to eat. We were greeted by a dancing waiter who led us to a table. He had impressive moves! Have I always been a fan of disco? I'm not sure--but while sitting in Mums you can't not groove along to the constant disco beats, and our waiter certainly could not keep his dancing hips still. What a guy!  I ordered some Mac & Cheese while my brother ordered a trio of sausage and mashed potatoes. We both devoured our meals feeling much more comfortable and closer to home than we had when we walked in. Definitely just a fun, easy place worth visiting if looking for a inexpensive, tasty meal...just like Mum made!
Sometimes it's neither the sights nor the monuments a city has to offer but the food and the delightful people. I had the friendliest server, Paulie, who served an amazing shepards pie and took the time to chat it up with me to make me feel at home in a city halfway across the world from me. It's a very cozy little joint with the best service (especially considering it is not dependent on tips as I am used to!) I will definitely return to Mum's the day I return to Edinburgh.
Being from the southern United States where great comfort food can be found in delicious abundance, I wasn't sure what to expect from this place. I was greeted by a nice warm atmosphere and an incredibly nice staff. The place really does make you feel like you're at home. As I was looking at the menu there were so many dishes that caught my eye but then I saw the pumpkin and sage pie and I can never pass up anything with pumpkin in it. The pie itself was quite big and it also came with a side of vegetables and chips. The flavors of the pumpkin and sage went well together and neither overpowered the other. I went home stuffed as could be. This is a great place to go for some delicious comfort food and one I will definitely go to again.
Been hearing about this place for some time. I *want* to love it but the service is a bit patchy. The food was nice. Lovely, in fact, and locally sourced which is awesome. The prices are on the high side for what you get. I had veggie sausage and mash with chipotle and cheese mash and that was 7 quid and not a vast portion, either. I ordered drinks and they never came. Had to get up and go find my waiter who was busy sending a very important text. I think this place has a great concept and obviously good cooks in the back. Sort out the front end service and you've got a winner. The kids menu is pretty great. Will go again. My friends had the pies and these were spectacular.
I went here once with a friend for an early dinner.  The food is classic comfort food and it's such a nice atmosphere. Everything's priced reasonably.
OooOoOoOOOOoooo. Bangers and mash make me a happy lady. My tum is thanking me even now, eight hours later.  I came here for lunch with Sally L and between us we sampled the herby sausage, plain sausage, and one of the day's specials, a pork and ale sausage; chipotle mashed potato and cheese and onion mashed potato; and tomato gravy and caramelised onion gravy. Goodness me.  The sheer enthusiasm for the menu shown by our waitress, the delight she took in recommending her favourite dishes (the venison is a winner, apparently) and helping us to choose the best combination of sausage, mash and gravy was worth the fifth star in itself. But the food didn't let this down - super flavoursome, obviously good quality, and very hot. I had a chocolate milkshake, too, which was just as a milkshake should be; ice cream based, and thick enough to stand a straw in.  I'll be back for sure! I was having an iffy morning and lunch here was just what the doctor ordered to set me back on track and go into the weekend with my head held high! And my stomach held in my hands...
Forget fine dining, this place does, as it's name suggests, good traditional home cooking. Sausage and Mash, Pies, etc. But unlike my mum's home cooking there is a great range of sausage, numerous ways you want your potatos, etc and they will serve you alcohol with it to, definitely not my mum's way.  The food is good, the staff a brilliant, quite crazy, and the atmosphere is relaxed.
Mums? Why have I never visited you before?  A fantastic lunch with Cressida F - we shared plates to expand the tastes. So I got to taste three diff types of sausages (Nom!) and two different types of mash (Nom! Nom!)  I also caved and ordered a milkshake after watching Cressi drink hers for 20 minutes. It was delicious!  The service was excellent. Such enthusiasm with the menu was infectious and I wanted to try everything!  Glad to visit and looking forward to the next time. :)
So I finally made it to Mum's and I'm happy to report that it lived up to expectations.   Essentially you should know whether or not you're going to like this place from how it is advertised... it's a comfort food joint with a retro, almost diner type, edge... what you see is what you get so if the idea of a few sausages and mash doesn't do it for you then it may not be your kinda place.  (They do have some other mains, the haggis seemed a popular choice our particular day, but the sausages and mash are the primary stars.)   The good news is in the staggering amount of choice for said stars... I had a hard time trying to decide what to get, eventually going with the Mexican Hot (yum!) and a Pork, Garlic, and Thyme Sausage atop of a Mushroom and Garlic Mash with Caramelised Onion Gravy.  The Mexican Hot was excellent, definitely on my list to order again if it happens to be available... the Pork, Garlic, and Thyme Sausage was actually quite good, but probably the most like sausages I've had elsewhere... if you've ever gotten a Tesco Finest Pork & XYZ sausage, it was along those lines... no fault to them however, I really should have realised this from the name to be honest.  A friend of mine got the Beef and Guinness Sausage which was excellent and left me a smidge jealous. (Food envy is definitely a real thing!)  The mash was as described and quite good as well... I personally will work my way through another type next time, but out of curiosity as much as anything else.   The service was friendly, but just a tad slower than I would have liked... not slow enough to be called bad however, and when you were being attended to it was very personal and friendly which I adore.   The place itself works for what it is and eerily reminded me of somewhere you would find in Little Five Points, Atlanta... that's certainly not a bad thing, but it had made me wished I had dressed a bit cooler that particular day as each of the other customers pretty much looked like they could have been in a band and shamefully I was sans waistcoat this particular day.   They only have a few beers on tap, but the two choices we partook in that day were winners for us... one being the Thistly Cross Whisky Cider, which really caught the three of us off guard in how good it was, with the other being a Tempest Red Rye beer which was also extremely good, both complimenting the meals nicely.   We didn't have desserts, but what went by did look extremely good and despite not being able to have them (blasted lactose!), I really liked that they had milkshakes on the menu.   One of the best bits about this place to me is that the prices match the food... you're not going to pay an arm and a leg to eat here despite the "cool" factor.   As a last note for those that this applies to... they actually had several veggie sausages on offer as well, some of which seeming as adventurous in composure as their meaty counterparts, so don't be scared to stop in here with your meat hungry friends.  (Aside from that they had the compulsory Veggie Haggis as well should sausages not be your thing.)   So there you have it... good comfort food at good prices, some days you really couldn't ask for more.
Love the decor!  After a late night boozing, me and my boyfriend needed a greasy breakfast to start the day. I had the classic breakfast and it was... You know. A classic british breakfast. My boyfriend had bangers and mash, and he really enjoyed it. The gravy was yummy (and I was totes jelly of his food).  The coffee was awful, but maybe we are too picky about our coffee.  I thought this place would be packed with hipsters, but the mix of people was great! Families, groups of friends, older people, you name it!
The food is nice if u r a fun of British food, u will have a range of selections of the sausages and flavour of the mash as well as the gravy, and they also have the days special so u won't find it boring if u go once or twice a week, however I found sometime the gravy could be bit more so we don't need to order an extra portion of it.   I do recommend the larger, it tastes like Forster   Nice service but I couldn't remember if they have service on ur bill. The location is very convenient for visitor since it is just right next to the museum of Scotland and many spots, but if u r a local and u r driving, it could be disaster for finding a parking place.
The bangers and mash were really good. Just the different selections of sausage and mash alone are amazing. The pies are really good as well.
This restaurant was conveniently located behind the National Museum of Scotland and it wasn't crowded at all. I tried the sausages and mash (Mum's herby pork) with caramelized onion gravy and garlic and mushroom mash. It's really nice that you can choose from so many flavors of mash, sausage, and gravy. The mash was lovely. The sausages were actually less yummy than I expected. My husband had a burger with fries (chips). I thought his burger was dry and not very good. The chips were just so-so. I'd avoid the burgers. But the prices here are generally reasonable and portions very filling. I'd like to come back and try more of the menu.
I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner at Mum's. I was in the mood for good old comfort food and ordered a burger was pretty much about the size of my face. It came with home-made wedges and a side salad and I opted to top it with blue cheese. And it was goooooood.   The other half went for sausages and mash, one of the signature dishes on the menu. You can choose your sausages, mash and gravy options so it's very personalised and fun.   The banana split was lovely. The chefs had caramelised the banana and there were three different flavours of ice cream, topped with more cream and chocolate and sprinkles. Good times. The portion size was ample to share.  Atmosphere was warm and happy - lots of people out for their dinner, good tunes over the speakers and really friendly waiting staff who were always keen to help even though it was mega packed.  Lastly, a thumbs up for the loos, which had brilliant black and white murals of popular culture icons like James Bond and Mrs Peel. Win!
The one place that everyone kept telling me to go to in Edinburgh, was Mums. I met another Japanese tourist who travelled to so many places, living through the states and Canada - but has never had bacon and pancakes, eggs benedict, or mac n cheese (which came with chips).  I needed to fix this.   So we shared those 3 items, with 2 teas, and it came to 10 each.  I wouldn't say it's the best quality food, but to have a decent hot meal for 7-8 I'm not gonna complain!  I really wanted to try the bAngers and mash (they have 14 kinds!), but didn't have time to revisit.   Anyway, we walked away happy and full :) great spot for a tourist looking to get a good value experience for bangers n mash, pies and stews, and haggis!
Good food at a reasonable price. We had the bangers and mash, haggis and date pudding, all were really good. The service was friendly  attentive and entertaining.
This place has the special combination of spirit and good food. Great ingredients prepared very well and delivered with gusto . The place is also relaxed and conducive to casual chat and meeting new people. Will return another day.
A great little spot away from the touristy Royal Mile.  Good home cookin', classic cartoons, friendly service and a great music play list.  Eat in or take away.  Breakfast was extremely satisfying - the Classic breakfast was classically good.  The local sausage was yum, as was the bacon, blood pudding and everything else on my plate.  The eggs with smoked salmon was also very good.  The best part: a wonderful cup of coffee with warm milk - done perfectly from their espresso machine.  Service was friendly, but a bit slow.  Would like to return for lunch.  Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!!  No frills but fun atmosphere.
Had an awesome recovery breakfast here. Very extensive menu, but couldn't go past the bangers and mash. Sausages were tasty, with 6 or so types to choose from. The mash was so good, with so many options to choose from! Topped off with gravy, was a great start to the day. Nice relaxed atmosphere with cool music and fun, kitschy layout. Service was good too and waitress very friendly and helpful. Would definitely come again!
Excellent Michelin starred restaurant, with friendly service and wonderful food. Get a seat near the window where you can watch the chefs do their stuff. Tom Kitchin isn't afraid to be adventurous in his mixes of flavours, which often delivers a whole new taste treat, but (on the rare occasion) strikes an odd discordant note on the palate. Local produce always fresh, especially fish.
you may have seen this restaurant on anthony bourdain's tv show. its excellent. period. probably the best all around restaurant in the city- have heard somewhere that it may be closing but i cannot believe that.   the chef and owner, tom kitchen, is simply perfection. great atmosphere and a fresh and changing menu.  it aint cheap. remotely. the best approach is to eat here for lunch during the week, for a set price meal. it doesnt matter what its being served as everything will be in your top 3 of whatever genre of food youre getting.   near lots of bars/shops, ocean terminal if youre up for a bad mall after.
Excellent restaurant and dining experience.  The menu here changes seasonally (I had the summer menu) and Tom Kitchin really focuses on getting the best ingredients.  The bone marrow with Devon snails, Perthshire girolles, and Bayonne ham is one of those dishes you remember for a long time.   The service was attentive (without being intrusive), knowledgeable, and people were really warm. Chef Kitchin was actually in the kitchen cooking.  You don't see many celebrity chefs cooking anymore - at least not in NYC.
This is one of the best 1-star michelin restaurant I have been to. It's a full experience, food and watching the cooks at work. There is indeed a big window into the kitchen that lets everyone see what's going on and grasp the electrical atmosphere in the cooking chamber. The table are organised so that most people can peep in during their meal, and appreciate the effort put into their food. It's really cool to see Tom Kitchen put the final touches to your plate :)) It just makes the whole thing more exciting!  The food itself is wonderful. Really incredibly fresh and tasty. Seasonal and imaginative. We went for lunch and the 30-ish pound menu is cheap compared to the quality of the food. Quite a treat if you take some wine, but nonetheless worthwhile and to be remembered. I started with a pistachio, rabbit & foie gras terrine with an onion tatin. Just AMAZING! Then I had pork cheeks cooked like a "blanquette" with a white sauce, mushrooms, carrots, new potatoes. Delicious. The meat was so tender. Then I had the rhubarb-themed dessert: rhubarb fresh soup with poached pieces of rhubarb, rhubarb sorbet, caramel croquante, pannacotta. I really really liked it. So yummy. And we had the traditional petit-fours after that. Yum!  The restaurant is a little remote and far from the city centre, but it's ok. It's just in front of the Scottish government building. Quite surreal actually.
I would say, at a push, my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh... When you can afford it :)   Been for dinner and lunch and both times it was first class. It's not an overly fussy place considering the Michelin star but focuses very much on the quality of ingredients, with the dishes being far more simplistic than say 21212. This is to its credit, however, and Mr Kitchin thoroughly deserves his recent title of best restaurant in Scotland.  If it's on the menu, the turbot with sea snails was stunning and one of the most memorable dishes I've eaten.   If you don't fancy forking out for the a la carte or tasting menu, the set lunch is excellently priced and provides close to the kitchin experience whilst putting a smaller dent in ones purse!
They take great care of you from the start. And by the start, I mean enquiring about seating by email. The hostess is prompt and complete with replies, letting me know which nights are fully booked and advising me about better days to come in. I came here for lunch since all the dinners were booked up and had the prix fixe 3-course lunch. Really a steal in my opinion.The waiting staff worked as a great team so we didn't feel ignored even when our server was helping someone else as there were many other friendly staff checking on each other's clientele.   I loved having sweet potato chips at the table to crunch on when we entered and the selection of bread from a wheeled up bread cart with selections such as freshly baked sourdough and olive bread.  My starter was the octopus carpaccio which was fabulously laid out and accompanied with colourful pickled vegetables.   The main was the ox cheek which was so delicate that no knife was necessary.   Dessert was a chocolate pistachio souffle which was very creative and interesting. Not too heavy but nice and warm with a great flavour.  The hosts took care of calling our taxi as we exited to proceed with our day after, with hunger satisfied and tastebuds delighted.
I realise that giving The Kitchin three stars is sacreligious.  I'll probably get kicked off Yelp or at least people will have no faith in my reviews from this point onward.  But, hear me out...  I've only been here once, 3.5 years ago, when my parents came over for my MSc graduation.  I'd been hearing rave reviews of Kitchin and thought it would be the perfect place for the double birthday + graduation celebration.  When I left California, my boss gave me the nicest bottle of wine I will probably ever be fortunate enough to consume.  I thought that my graduation celebration would be a very appropriate time to drink this wine.  I made my reservations at Kitchin and asked about bringing the wine.  They said "we have a very extensive wine list, you will not need to bring your own."  I explained the situation and they explained a bit more firmly that I was not welcome to bring this bottle of wine.    I know that corkage/bringing your own wine to restaurants here is not a common as it is where I'm from, but I was shocked that they wouldn't allow for one bottle to be brought for a special occasion.  I accepted the situation and we went along sans wine.  To be honest, I don't remember much of the actual food.  By that I mean that my socks weren't blown off.  I was expecting so much and certainly had a lovely meal, but it all seemed a bit up itself and for no real reason which I could see.  The main thing I really remember from the dining experience is that our water and wine were kept at a different table so we weren't able to pour and drink to our own pace, we were at the mercy of those serving us.    I think I was a) too put off by the wine issue to fully enjoy it and b) am too used to fantastic food served in a more relaxed environment.  I have had amazing food with less cost and less fuss at other restaurants, and in the future I'll be sticking to these places, thanks.
So glad I came here with my family. I am not a big fan of haute cuisine anymore, too much showing off and combining of strange flavours, for me, so I was a bit apprehensive.  The Kitchen shows that you can take cooking to a higher level using local ingredients, keep the flavours individual and still have Michelin star food.  I thought the costs were very competitive for the quality and would highly recommend anyone going for any occasion.
Wow, Kitchin blew me away. The dining room was elegant but still bright. Service was very friendly except for the French staff who were sterile and highly efficient yet still professional as can only expected from a French server. The most refreshing part of Kitchin was actually seeing Tom Kitchin in the kitchen with his hands in the food; there is a small window that allows you to see into the kitchen from the dining room. It is becoming increasingly rare to see a chef in the restaurant that his name on it.   Veg crisp were giving as snack. A great selection of bread was also served. The amuse bouche of pumpkin soup with crunch pumpkin seed in it was very wintery and was more than just one small bite.  I was a bit weary of the Pig's Head and Langoustine because I was not sure how the Langoustine could add to this dish. Trust me something would be missing it wasn't on the plate. The pig's head was boned and rolled and had a great earthy spice to it.   My main of venison was cooked perfectly and had seven components on the dish. Any time I see many components on the dish I get nervous. But Kitchin surprised me again. This was a pretty hardy winter dish for a restaurant in this category. (I left really full)   My desert was simply titled Chocolate and features mall souflee, ice cream and blood orange marmalade the made everything else taste so much better.   When I told the staff I was from Boston I was invited into the Kitchen to meet Chef Kitchin and he also signed a copy of his cookbook for me. This guy seems really down to earth. My 5/5 review is based off the food I ate and not that I met the chef.
Rating on the overall restaurant experience, which is what we go on our Lunchquest site, The Kitchin scores pretty highly, because the place is lovely and the service is slick. But when purely considering the food on offer, it can't score anything higher than two stars, as I've experience better; MUCH better. My starter and main courses were decidely ordinary; nowhere near Michelin star quality. Extremely disappointing.  Overall, we said: "The Kitchin is a super-stylish place, with excellent attentive service, serving neatly presented dishes. They don't taste very good, though, making the overall experience completely forgettable. It left me entirely cold."
HOLY CRAP THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.  Food, wine, service (even the French staff) - all fantastic!  Did the tasting menu with matching wine and we were happily stuffed full of food and rolled to a waiting taxi (after meeting Tom) at the end of the night. Small things like a map from where in the country produce was sourced and a copy of the tasting menu itself were nice little touches which weren't required but definitely welcomed.  Definitely coming back.
There are as of right now three items that stick out to me that have eaten as the most memorable three things.  One was here at The Kitchin.  My wife and I recently visited Edinburgh and this was the best meal we ate.  Two start I had the bone marrow, I love bone marrow and would swim in it like Scrooge McDuck swims in money if I could, this marrow was much less traditional than the ones I have had in NYC.  It had snails bacon and a quail egg on top, it was fantastic.  For my main course I had mutton, the dish came with a small side of braised shoulder meat, it was fantastic, and I wish I was eating right now. The main part of the dish was very good too, just not as memorable.  It is worth the schlep to leith to eat here for sure.
First time in a Michelin Star restaurant for a set lunch. When we arrived we were given some fresh vegetables and hummus in the waiting lounge area as we had to wait for a friend.  We were then escorted to our table and after we ordered, they gave us an amuse bouche which was something jelly like with bits of vegetables & chicken.  Had bone marrow as a starter and it was even better than the one I had in Paris.  Woodcock (15 supplement) for main. Thought it would be a bigger portion but the melt in out mouth texture just justifies the price. Had chocolate and icecream for desert and they were just right and not too sweet.  During coffee, there were also some smaller bits of sweets and the macaroons were to die for.  Just too good and I will definitely come back again.
My first Michelin star experience and an experience it was! Simple and delicious cocktails for anyone smart and savvy enough to venture away from vodka based juice to libations of Calvados, Mezcal and of course, whisky. While primarily Scottish staffed, the service wasn't much to be spoken of yet the food was worth it's hype. Farm to table consciousness of purely Scottish product was impressive, especially when the mini map scrolls were brought over and served as reference to the origin of primary ingredients. Nose to tail lamb and signature beef were difficult to turn down and the sommelier provided the perfect red compliment to my flavorful entree. Absolutely worth the hefty  and the 8 week wait for a reservation. Bourdain was right to endorse Chef Kitchin and his star worthy cuisine.
Kitchin is an outstanding high end restaurant in Leith with well prepared regional dishes such as grouse, and local ingredients and cheeses, and an excellent wine list.
The kitchin is a must if you are in Edinburgh. Having seen Kitchin on masterchef, I was intrigued.  Everything on his menu is sourced from Scotland, and they even bring you a little map of Scotland in the beginning showing where the ingredients were from.  Presentation and food were beautiful - full of color and much thought to the dishes. Fortunately it was grouse season when I was visiting (October 2013) so I tried it for the first time as my main dish. It was fantastic- cooked perfectly and juicy, I don't know if I've ever had anything better. The ceps starter was amazing as well - perfectly seasoned to bring out the taste of the mushroom. The berry tart dessert was a great way to end the meal.  The best part was at the end when tom himself came out to introduce himself to us. Even though he's become well known, he really seems like a down to earth kinda guy. The whole time I also noticed he was in the kitchen with food preparation and making sure everything was perfect.  I wouldn't hesitate to return, I had an outstanding experience.
The service was flawless. Kudos to those in the front end.   We had the three course tasting menu with wine pairings. This is an excellent meal and quite reasonably priced.  Warning - reserve months in advance. It will be worth the effort.  A must-do in Edinburgh.
Really, just perfect. It's effortless - the staff are so pleasant, the food is wonderful, the entire experience is just fantastic.  We had the set 3-course lunch (a bargain at 28 - this is a Michelin star restaurant for goodness sake!).  You start with some crudites while perusing the menu.  There are only 3 choices but even so, it's difficult to pick.  Before your starter comes out, there's an amuse bouche to get you in the mood and some of the nicest sourdough bread I've ever tasted.  They're very proud of their Scottish food and they gave us a little map of Scotland rolled up and tied with a ribbon which highlights where in the country they source their ingredients.  We went for the matched wine package with our lunch and it's brilliant - you get a different glass of wine with each course and each wine is matched to your food.  And it really works - even the dessert wine, which I'm not usually a fan of, was lovely with the right dessert.  The food is brilliant - it's stylish but not fussy; beef, lamb, seafood - all cooked perfectly by somebody who is obviously passionate about good Scottish food.  The reason I love the place so much though is that it's so relaxed and easy going - doesn't feel like a "posh" restaurant despite the impeccable service and faultless food.  It's like they're so good, they don't need to be pretentious about it.  The matched wine package will add another 25 to your lunch.  We ended up around 57 each  - that's crudites, bread, an amuse bouche, three fantastic courses of lunch, three matched glasses of wine (or two cocktails for the one who doesn't drink wine), then coffee and petit fours to finish.  Not an everyday lunch, but definitely worth treating yourself now and again.
The Orchard in Canonmills is handily placed for a nice drink or something to eat if you've been walking around the Botanic gardens. It is a relatively quiet and friendly neighbourhood pub with a regularly changing Scottish based menu featuring classic dishes like fish and chips, although here they call it 'deep fried angel cut haddock with hand cut roosters'. Between 12-3pm they do a selection of 'fresh gourmet' sandwiches on ciabatta and these are rather good. The crayfish tails with coriander and lime mayo was an inspired filling idea and tasted lovely, it came served on a slate with some salad and a good sized pile of kettle chips - well worth 6.   It is worth mentioning that they do table service, so even if you're only in for a couple of drinks you need not get up from your seat - make sure you keep a tally of the bill though, as it is very easy to let it spiral out of control when you're not paying as you go.
I love the Orchard.  It is one of those great pubs where you feel like you can go there for pretty much any occasion.  It's parent friendly (a point I make as I compile a list of places to take my parents when they visit in the spring), has some good beer and great cider on tap, tasty food, nice staff and great ambiance.    We often enjoy going there in the late afternoon on Sunday when we pretend that it will always be the weekend and we don't have to work the next day.  We usually show up after they officially stop serving sandwiches but they're always happy to make them for us, which is great because man are those sandwiches tasty.   Every time we've been there the staff have been incredibly accommodating and efficient.    I'm running out of things to say because I feel like I'm just going to repeat myself over and over again, going on about how much I love this place so I'll just sum it up:  I love The Orchard.
A great pub. Real ales, good food and comfy Chesterfield Queen Anne's to read your paper in. Bliss.
My man and I are house hunting, and it's making us kind of sad to think about moving away from the Broughton/Canonmills area.  This, coupled with work related despair has resulted in us popping into The Orchard much more frequently.  I'm not saying we're going in every night, but about once a week/once a fortnight kind of frequent.    No mater what time of day it is always comfortably busy, which to me is a sign of a very good local.    It has been nice to see that the staff are obviously fed well, get on with eachother and have fun, while not appearing to take the piss.  One of the managers is also one of if not the best food service manager I've ever had the pleasure of observing.  He knows his customers, knows what they like to eat and drink, where they like to sit, and is a whiz at multitasking.  And, despite the fact that we're not exactly regulars, he recognized and said hello to us in the street the other day.  I'm very impressed.
On a hideously wet Saturday night, The Orchard gave us sanctuary, warmth, beer, comfy leather armchairs in front of a faux fire place, and quite a lovely setting for the second Yelp Meet-up. Throw in a comedy drunk old guy offering Chris M. money, and all-round it was quite nice!  After a tasty dinner of tapas in the Spanish restaurant next door, and with the rain pouring down, Emily V. suggested we hop, skip and jump over to the nearest pub - The Orchard. I have never been down this end of town before for dinner and drinks, and for some reason I was thinking "old man pub" and all that that phrase conjures up.   But instead I was quite pleasantly surprised by how large, warm and family-feelish the place had. The other customers all looked like they were enjoying a quietish Saturday night drink out, the atmosphere was friendly and mellow, but not dead, and the bar staff really were super friendly. Even the drunk guy propping up the bar was drunk in a friendly, comedic way.  The only down side is we did all end up getting a bit sleepy in our leather armchairs in front of the fake fire, so I wouldn't recommend it as a pre-Saturday night out joint. But overall it was a lovely pub, especially for a cold, dark, wet winters night and should I be in the area again I will happily revisit.  Also, they seem to offer a carvery / Sunday roast option. When we got there, there were two big roast beefs on display, which were then replaced by an amazing looking pie. Yelp Sunday-roast night out anyone?
If you haven't eaten here, you really should!  The Orchard is quite simply my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh and I would urge everyone to try it.  The food is exceptional from modern roast dinners, to souffle, to venison in chocolate and cherry gravy.  All with a modern take and all very, very good.  The staff are really helpful and the ambience is great, very chilled.  There's a good range of types of spirits, beer, cider etc.  The place itself is bright and sunny, but for me the real winner is the food.  In a city with so many excellent restaurants, the Orchard stands out as one of the best.  I'm reluctant to let others know because it will get over-run once it's more widely discovered but it deserves to be.  No one I have taken there has ever been disappointed.  A real gem.
I have been with my class mates several times in this bar close to the botanics, and I agree with previous posters which gave 4-5 stars. The have very good ales, a warm friendly ambience, a good selection of food (tried and was very satisfied with the burgers and a steak& stew Pie)  and very cosy and large. You can easily spend an entire evening with friends or partner having a dinner and the fuel up with alcohol.  Sometimes it is too crowded early so that is the only small negative i can think of, but it is a trend of all good pubs.
There will always be a place in my heart for The Orchard. As the first place we went to for a drink when we moved into the area five years ago, I've always made The Orchard one of our regular watering holes. The staff are friendly, the prices are reasonable, and although I've not sampled the food menu extensively, what I have had has been very tasty.  What I really like about The Orchard is the atmosphere. There's a mix of regulars who tend to take up residence at the bar and will always offer a tale or two to those who wander in, looking for a place to satisfy their thirst. There's also a great mix of ages, which I find really refreshing as some bars seem to have an unspoken age policy, but that's not the case in The Orchard.  I can't talk about the food in too much detail, but I have had the steak pie, which was delicious, and often my friends and I order chips whilst we work our way through our drinks. The chips are great, not thin and oily, but fat and fluffy.  I will always champion The Orchard, especially on a hot day, when you can sit outside and watch the world go by.
Truth be told, I popped in out of sheer desperation - I terribly needed the loo, and boy gallantly offered to get a pint while I did so (defeats the purpose a bit, I think, but who am I to judge) - but I'm quite glad we did because this pub is a great find.  Large, open room, loads of space, couches and big tables for groups so you could bring all your mates. A good selection of beer and wine, and decent prices. The staff is efficient, yet friendly and there's free wi-fi!   We came back for eats after a wander 'round the Botanical Gardens, having worked up a good appetite. Started off with haggis fritters (the boy's first introduction to haggis, drumroll please), smoked salmon and for mains split the catch of the day, which was sea bass.   The haggis fritters, for me, were the star of the show. Three plump fritters, deep-fried in a light batter, served over stewed, lightly curried apples. The flavors were spot-on. The salmon was quite delicious, but the portion was rather tiny for 6 - but it did come with a scoop of wasabi ice cream! I didn't eat them together as I found the flavors didn't quite mesh, but the novelty of it (wasabi ice cream!) was great fun. The sea bass was quite good as well, perfectly grilled atop a tower of crushed new potatoes and wilted spinach, surrounded by a moat of tiny shrimp. Simple, but hearty.   The meal wasn't cheap, and the portions weren't for the hearty eaters, but for innovation and great flavors the Orchard gets a solid four stars.
Located on Interleith Row, a short walk away from the Edinburgh Royal Botanical Garden.  After touring the gardens all morning, The Orchard was a welcome stop for a pint and a bite to eat.  The servers were busy with the lunch crowd, but managed to be friendly and helpful.  Our pints and food arrived without delay.  The pint of Deuchars IPA was creamy & refreshing.  We tried two ciabatta sandwiches.  Our first selection was Brie, bacon, cranberry & mixed greens.  Very tasty and satisfying.  Our second selection was the pulled pork with an apple relish, which was good, but I preferred the Brie ciabatta.  Nice atmosphere, clean and tidy, tasty food and helpful servers.    What else could one ask for from a pub?    Give it a try after touring the gardens, you won't be disappointed.
Excellent food.
I agree with Fiona, this place is a little too swanky for this part of town.  The decor of the place is a little basic, but they claim it's styish all over the website. The food is alright, nothing fancier than you can pick up in the tesco finest range. It leaves alot to be desired.  If your mum opened a trendy resturant, this is what it would be like.
This place would be perfect, if it were up in the Grassmarket or on George Street. Unfortunately, for Newington, the prices are a little excessive.  I started with the fresh mussels cooked with coconut milk, fresh lime and coriander. Although it was tasty, given that it cost almost 6 the portion size was pretty mean to say the least. If there had just been a little more to it, I wouldn't have minded paying this much but given that in other restaurants in the area this price could get you a main course, I did feel a little robbed.  The main course was a similar story: Although the grilled swordfish with the various accompaniments was delicious, at 13.95 I felt as though I should be in a much fancier restaurant than I was.  That said, this place is always full... not only when I was there having dinner but also every time I walk past. If you're the kind of person who is seduced by any menu full of words like "bisque" and "terrine" etc then you'll love Blonde. If you're the kind of person that will happily pay these prices when it's in an exclusive upmarket city-centre location that can justify these amounts, then this is probably not your type of place.  To sum up, although the food is tasty it's the kind of place where you'll have a 3-course meal and still leave feeling hungry.
The food is very good, but I found their menu to be a little bit pretentious -- hasn't Gordon Ramsay shouted at enough people for putting random fruit into savoury dishes? Portions a smidgen on the small side too, though desserts were excellent.    Probably wouldn't go again, but nor would I advise against it: try it and see if it's your style.
Feeling puzzled.  The place was recommended and I think I'm going to try regardless of the couple of reviews (Stuart and Fiona) that have misspellings and an illogical statement (Fiona).  Wish me luck : )
Had dinner here on Monday this week. Not a busy night by any means  one duo in when we arrived and no-one else in between them and us leaving. 3 very well made and presented courses for 17 though was good vfm, particularly my fish cakes starter and the main course of trout. I didn't personally have wine but the list looked pretty comprehensive. Pleased to have finally made it inside here and would certainly go back.
I thought the food on offer at Blonde was smart and flavour-packed, with a nicely balanced menu featuring a good range of local produce. I went in the evening and boy was it dark! Seriously, the "mood lighting" was so dim that people were struggling to read the menu, and it did impair the appreciation of some of the presentational touches that been applied to the dishes.   It made me think that this would be the ideal dining venue for a "first date" with someone that you'd met in a dimly lit pub or club, taken something of a shine to, exchanged numbers, then arranged to meet when less sozzled. If you didn't happen to have perfect recall of what they looked like, but vaguely remembered their size and shape, this place could cut through any "cold light of day" embarrassments ;-)  Overall, we said: "I did enjoy my visit to Blonde. The service was a real strength, and the food was quite impressive, without quite unifying in to overwhelmingly convincing dishes. The price tag was very reasonable for the fare on offer, though, so I'd happily go back, and take friends, as I'd be confident that the broad appeal that Blonde delivers would please many different tastes."
Great food, one of those places who stress on Quality and Quantity...
If you were asked to think of a Michelin-starred restaurant in Edinburgh, the Plumed Horse in Leith might not be the first to come to mind.  However, you would be missing out on one of the best restaurants in the city if you passed it by.  Situated in Leith, the restaurant is run by Tony Borthwick, a self-taught chef who originally worked for the Yorkshire Water Authority until a serious accident in 1987 brought a change of career.  The awards that it has speak for themselves: 3 AA rosettes awarded in 2008; 1 Michelin star awarded in 2009; current AA Restaurant of the Year (Scotland); current CIS Restaurant of the Year.  Now, onto the experience itself.  I visited the restaurant yesterday night for a meal to celebrate my graduation.  On the same evening, there was a wine tasting happening in the restaurant, but we were able to be accommodated in a separate room by ourselves.  I'll kick off with the...  SERVICE Impeccable service throughout.  I have never experienced such efficient waiting staff, who literally attended to our every need over the course of the whole meal.  Descriptions of the dishes as they arrived were given (although I must admit some of it went over my head!).  They took great care of us during the course of the evening.  One thing worth noting is that in the evening service, they don't turn over tables, so you are guaranteed to have your table for as long as you need it without fear of being moved on.  All of the servers were superbly turned out, and clearly enjoyed their work a great deal.  FOOD Oh. My. Goodness.  The food was amazing.  Some of the best food I have ever eaten was presented before me.  The amuse bouche in particular was delightful, and whilst I can almost remember what it is called, I definitely cannot spell it!  I sampled the lamb for the main course, and it was some of the most tender and flavoursome lamb I have ever eaten.  I could go on and on about the food.  It was....wow!  Obviously, the prices are higher than a normal restaurant, but that is to be expected with the quality of the food on offer.  I think that it was worth every penny, and I can't speak too highly of this place.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed by any aspect of the evening.
Oh heavens above..... if there is a god I would quite safely say he cooked the devine 3 course lunch I had here!  My friend and I decided we would go out for a fancy lunch as a little bit of treat, we had phoned the Kitchin and they were fully booked so we decided to go here. I had been eye-ing it up anyway so I did not mind!   We arrived, maybe a little late as there were roadworks, and we were struggling to find somewhere to park. But we were warmly welcomed, and told to pick any table we liked!?  After coming all this way we decided we had to have 3 courses of course, it would be criminal not to. So we ordered our meals and were eager to start....... until this dainty little plate of amuse bouche turns up. Oh yum! Smoked salom ballotine with caviar, a beetroot terrine with sour cream and black pudding bon bon.  - I hate black pudding, or so I thought. It was sooo tasty!  Then my starter of smoked salmon, pickled cucmber, crab and caviar arrived. It was the perfect size and the flavours went together perfectly. May even be slightly converted to cucumber. Then there was the main....... perfect in every single way. John Dory with truffle risotto and a scallop sauce. I would date the heck out of that if it  were a guy..... amazing. And the pudding, chocolate fondant with coffee ice cream. Simple, well cooked, oozey and delicious... and anyone who knows me, the coffee ice cream was just the icing on the cake.  I thought the food here was mind-blowing. The service was prompt and efficient, but maybe a little too clinical for my liking, like seriously....... just say something...... anything to me!?!!? And the parking was a bit of a nightmare, but I do not know Leith too well so that may be entirely my fault.  I have now come to the conclusion that I MUST keep having lunches like this as they are improving my palate and making me less fussy...... had you told me I would eat Black Pudding and Cucumber and that I would actually like it!? Pfffft, not. A. Chance. But...... Yeay for widening the food horizons, and this place certainly does that.
Sadly under populated on our visit, the Plumed Horse offers some very high quality dishes, excellent service, and one of the best fine dining experiences you can find in Edinburgh. I would highly recommend it.  Overall, we said: "the Plumed Horse is simply excellent. Their lunchtime deal of three courses, plus a glass of prosecco, for 26.50 is very good value given the quality of the dishes on offer. For me, it's right near the top of places I'd like to visit on a frequent basis, places I'd take people who are looking for top quality cuisine, and places I'd recommend others to visit. The fact that we were the only customers today was brilliant for us, but an absolute tragedy for everyone else who wasn't there to bask in the glory of a fantastic dining experience."
I agree with Brett, McKirdys is a little bit of a let down (and Ruth Chris is the business)  I'm not much of a steak expert, but how you cook it doesn't matter, it's the quality of the meat. I'm not saying this stuff is low grade or anything, it's good. But it does't merit the acclaim that the waiters were quick to give it. The meat looked a little skinny, definitely not what I was expecting.  Desert was excellent though. So give this place a try if you're not expecting much.
wanna know my idea of a "5 star steak?" then just take a look at the 2 photos i've posted on my yelp profile. wherever i go, i search out the best bovine offerings. here in edinburgh, after several inquiries, i decided to try this place in search of superb steak. it was tough to get in over the weekend but i landed a table sunday night expecting 4-star or better beef, especially considering the reputation of scottish beef. i began with their "award winning" mini-sausages. not bad; there were several different tasty varieties served up. i opted for the ribeye, advertised at a mere 8 ounces so i didn't expect a hearty portion. i got a quality steak, cooked perfectly to order but nothing special and very, very thin. suitable for a really good steak and eggs breakfast. could my mild disappointment be because steaks are just different back home in the states? the two scottish steak afficionados at the next table mirrored my not-so-great verdict. one of them said that the american chain ruth's chris was the best steakhouse he'd eaten at and even though it's a chain i agree it's leagues ahead of mckirdy's. shame, since this place came so highly recommended. but i thought their curly fries (which i dipped in a lovely stilton blue cheese sauce) were just as good as the steak and that's never a great sign.
Horrendous. Truly wolf dressed as lamb. The decor and layout were deceptively nice, but please do not waste your bills on this place. Our waiter was surly and only attempted a pleasantry when bringing the bill. The food was standard if not completely appalling (some had a brown salad, others had meh 15 pound lamb, and I had bland mushroom pasta that left me in the bathroom for a good part of the night). Plenty of other places in this fair city.
The best thing about this place is probably how it looks... which is never a great thing to write about a restaurant/pub/bistro - I'm not really sure which one this place is supposed to be.  It was too pricey to be classed as a gastro-pub sort of place, but the food wasn't really restaurant standard, nor was the service. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't terrible, but the what you pay and what you get don't quite tally up somehow, especially when you've got such amazing places earby like the Grain Store or Maison Bleue.  It's just above Victoria Street, in the side of the hill stretching up to the castle, so if you get a table on it's little outdoor terrace in the sun then you may as well just write off any constructive plans you may have had for the rest of the day, because I can safely say you'll be sipping something cold for the rest of the afternoon.
Excellent location with good food and excellent service.  We got into this place after walking around Edinburgh, site-seeing and shopping.  I passed by this little place the day before and I decided to come back and try it out.  It's a cozy little place, warm and comfortable. We were greeted from the door and seated immediately. We started with couple of appetizers such as the infused game pate and grilled brie, and for main dish I ordered the steak with black pudding and my friend ordered the sauteed chicken in red pepper sauce.  Both of the dishes were well prepared. The steak and the black pudding just hit the spot. I also tried my friend's chicken and I loved that red pepper sauce. Veggies were a bit plain and maybe a little over cooked but the dinner was enjoyable and was fully completed with the great service we got from the woman working at the restaurant. I am not sure if she was the manager or not. But she was quite polite and helpful. I would love to come here in summer and dine out on the patio, it has such a nice and unique view...
I went to Maxies Bistro - with so many options, I went there because of their cleverly placed sign at the bottom of the steps on Victoria St which lured me upwards. It was open late one night in Edinburgh. It was too cold to eat in the Terrace but at the time the Terrace looked too lonely to be eating out from. I sat at a cushy table near the bar - that part of the restaurant makes me think of Persia in its glory, but the food is quite decidedly Scottish. I had the Tower of Haggis - an arrangement of Haggis, Neeps and Tatties fancifully arranged as a tower. It was quiet at the time - just me and the bartender so I sat back and relaxed and paired it with some mulled wine and finished with a great Berry Crumble dessert. Good value. Hurray for free wi-fi access as well!
Maxies doesn't look much from the outside, and to be honest, it isn't up to all that much inside either. Situated just round the corner from the Royal Mile, Maxies is right behind Edinburgh Castle and so it ought to be a great restaurant for all the tourists to go, but unfortunately it is not up to much.  The restaurant has quite a cosy feel inside with padded seats covered in cushions, with a pretty lively atmosphere. The menu in Maxies is pretty much seafood orientated, with lots of fish and seafood dishes, but there are also steaks, stir fry's, chicken and haggis dishes on the menu too. I had the sole cooked in a creamy sauce, which was OK. The sauce was pretty thick and gloopy and lacked proper taste, but the fish was perfectly cooked. My friend had a pasta dish which they really didn't like, she said the pasta was still hard and that the sauce was tepid - not nice. The service was pretty average too, the waiter's weren't that attentive and only seemed to show some life when we asked for the bill.   There are much better restaurants in Edinburgh which are more deserving of the custom than Maxies.
i hate to give them a bad review because our waiter was so nice....but, my allegiance to the YELP community must persevere!   This was a crappy restaurant. But, it was walking distance from our apartment and my mother-in-law wanted something close. Arghhhh.  The drinks were warm (yes, I know I'm in Scotland....but, I'm from the US where we serve cold drinks) and the food was mediocre. Had the shrimp stir fry and it was pretty bland. The only good thing was the price and the nice waiter.   Don't waste your money. I lost my pounds so you don't have to.
Good location, nice decor, nice staff, terrible food. I ate here recently and was decidedly disappointed; from the menu it looked as though the food would be lovely. I had smoked salmon and cream cheese pate which was much more cheese than pate, then a very interesting take on enchiladas which unfortunately was the kind of standard I'd expect in McDonalds. My boyfriend had duck and orange pate which was horrible; he only ate half of it. He then had steak, which he said was nice but the crevettes it came with were mushy and very over-cooked, and the mashed potato with was dry and crumbly - he said it reminded him of the sort of potato you'd get at school. He thought it'd had all been left under a heat lamp as it was so dry. We were discussing how it had been so busy and the only conclusion that we came to was that it's in a tourist trap. I don't think this place gets a lot of repeat business.   My advice if you're looking for somewhere nice for dinner in this area is to go to Maison Bleue on Victoria St, or The Outsider on George IV Bridge.
We stopped in for a snack and to warm up on a rainy November day in early afternoon and had a very pleasant experience sitting in the small lounge bar area. Only a few other people were there, the hot, mulled wine hit the spot and the other snacks were tasty.
This is the worst meal I've ever paid for and I feel completely ripped off. The vegetables were boiled to the point that all the nutrients were completely destroyed and the meat was dry, chewy and they even tried to disguise the lack of taste with an instant gravy-like sauce.  If you're going to be in the restaurant business at least TRY  and make food that's edible. I've had far better microwave meals than what they served us.
I came for the sun, I stayed for some food and both were really rather nice.  Had it not been a super, super sunny and hot day, and had I not been looking for an outdoor place to eat, drink and soak up the rays (I shall defeat rickets yet!) I may not have come to Maxie's. But with it's prime location on Johnstone Terrace, overlooking Victoria Street and the Grassmarket, it got ALL the sunshine and did some quite nice pub grub to boot.  This is old fashioned British pub grub. Not nouveau gasto-pub posh burgers with portobello mushrooms and haloumi. It's the sort of pub grub I ate as wee girl at our local smiddy pub. Which is good in it's own right.  So, of course, I had breaded mushrooms and duck liver pate. And they were fine. Nice even. The chicken enchillada on the left of me looked really quite good, lots of chicken, fresh ingredients and not too cheesy. But pub grub food is as pub grub food does. No bells and whistles, but still good quality for what it is.  The next time the suns out I'd happily bob down here for another drink and bite to eat. Scottish tan (roughly lobster red) comes as standard.
Okay, if you're looking for good food around the Royal Mile, you're either drunk or mad.   There's really great food in Edinburgh, but none of it is anywhere near this place, which is a complete culinary disaster, in fact, Maxies has taken the concept of food failure to Olympic level. Okay, okay, so it's a fake pub style place just off one of the biggest tourist traps in the UK, but even then, at these prices you'd think you'd strike gold. But the stuff they're serving here is bad, beyond bad. Pre-plated and then microwaved meat (with microwave burn...), left to go cold, add some over boiled everyday veges and a lumpy packet sauce. Slap it on a plate, drop it in front of a punter and charge 15 quid. So THAT'S how you run a restaurant! Brilliant.   So bad I found myself craving airline food just to get the bitter taste out of my mouth...
Good food and friendly staff. Good view from outside seating. Had a lovely lunch a a few drinks.
Let me first say, we were wearied, hungry and circled the town several times before stopping here. It was late and most Edinburgh restaurants stop serving dinner at 10 PM. We snuck in because it was close to our fantastic hotel - Missoni. So the food was no great shakes but not as horrible as other reviewers write. I had poached salmon with boiled veggies and man had spicy chicken something. Both good and not overpowering for a late night meal. We had a bottle of the Maxie's house red. Good for the price. The interior was small ans quaint; a little stone-walled, candle-lit room with a medieval charm. Nice terrace, too. What really stood out was the service. Sweet little cherubs served us with smiles and willingly provided tips for fun stuff to do during our stay. We hung quite awhile and relaxed, chatting with the staff and other guests. I would recommend for late-night meals after a long day of travel or sunny terrace pint stops.  We're told it rains more than not in Edinburgh so give it a shot on a sunny day. Staff easily gets 5 stars, ambiance 4 stars, food 3. Last note - one of the sweet cherubs tried to tell us we gave too much money, to which we replied, nope we thoroughly enjoyed it. Cheers!
Dcor atypique et haut en couleur. Des viandes trs bien cuites et trs tendres mais des portions un peu juste.
Worst steak of my life!!!! Tasted like it was made 2 weeks ago then microwaved a week ago then boiled in bath water today. Cold as hell. Garlic Sauce tasted like watered shit. Never again. The garlic bread was microwaved too! The nice waitress earned their one star for refunding my money
I used to love this place a few years back so when Ms Susie suggested it for a quick bite to eat last night, I was excited to go back.   It was really quiet compared to its neighbours but we didn't let that put us off. Maybe it should've been a warning.  Susie had the chicken enchilada & I opted for the tower of haggis, neeps & tatties, a real winter warmer.  The plates arrived & the portions were generous. Well the haggis & tatties were, the neeps were almost non-existent. The tatties looked as though they had been toasted under the grill but in fact the dish must've been keep warm in the oven as both the tatties & haggis were dried out. I tried to eat some from the middle but it just wasn't doing it for me.   I cannot fault the service. As soon as I told the waitress she offered me something else from the menu. By then I'd lost my appetite so they took it off the bill.  Shortly after the chap at the next table also complained. He though his breaded mushrooms were going to break his teeth!!  Susie's enchilada was definitely the better choice.   Overall I would've given 2 stars but for the decent service which gets it three stars. I may go back but when there's a wealth of competition it's better be good next time.
Over all the visits I had here (about once a year since 2010)  I think that 2 star is about as much as it deserves. That is NOT for the food, nor for the ambiance - both are seriously lacking in class, depth and flavour.  The first few visits we tried some food (notice that I didn't use the phrase "we had a meal")   Nope, my 2 stars go to A. Location.  They are a in brilliant out of the way suntrap in the summer. Sit outside and enjoy the scenery. Definitely worth a star  B. Service. (not the cooking!)  Their front of house are really nice and the amount of unhappy customers must really wear them down. I actually feel sorry for them.   This, my friends, is what you show visitors so they know what to avoid for the rest of their stay. It is a tourist trap. I certainly hope to see a 'New Kitchen Manager' banner here rather sooner than later. That may entice me to visit again. Maybe. Though I am a possibly a sucker to go here once a year in the summer to see any kind of change has been made.. only to be disappointed.  Maybe next time
This was a sad experience.   The entry is nicely painted staircase with lively graffitti.  The inside looks cozy with exposed brick walls and wine bottles with dripping candles to add to the ambiance.  We asked to eat on the terrace.  That was probably our mistake.   The waitress didn't came back after we said we needed a minute.  The guy waiting on us seemed to be the chef.   The food took a while to come out and then was bland and cold.   It was pretty though.  Just wish it tasted as good as it looked.
Stopped in here with a group of fellow traveler's for the prix fixe lunch before heading up the road to the castle. The choices were actually pretty good, I ended up with a garlic cheesebread appetizer, salmon stuffed chicken and vegetables for the entree and a piece of fudge cake for the dessert.  The garlic cheesebread was not what I expected. It was served on a sliced piece of ciabatta bread with very little melted cheddar cheese. It was more like eating toasted bread. I couldn't find a hint of garlic in it, and I was expecting mozzarella cheese and this Italian sounding appetizer. It wasn't bad, but not what I expected. I was thinking more along the lines of an Italian dunker than half a grilled cheese sandwich.  The entree was very well done. Both the chicken and salmon were superb.  The sauce on the entree was also quite nice. The vegetables were a bit over done and were very limp and flavorless.  The dessert was also very good, and the waitress made this fun for us by playing a goofy birthday song I'd never heard before and bringing out a piece with a candle in it for one of our group members who had a birthday.  I'm only giving this 3 stars though for the price. I don't think it was a very good value. At 22 pounds without beverage (almost USD$40) I feel like the portions were a bit small and the culinary value didn't quite command that sort of price. It was included in my trip package so I wasn't out anything out of pocket really, but I couldn't recommend it to someone else unless it were a bit cheaper.  Nice little place though. Service was very good and the food came out quickly. Maybe other dishes would be better and priced more appropriately.
Cosy, particularly last night now that the autumnal temperatures seem to be here, and friendly bar that to my mind only lacked a couple of decent ales in order to boost it's profile.    Having now eaten here (July 2010) I'm more than happy to award it another star having experienced speedy and friendly service as well as very much enjoying my hake with salad.
Wholesome, hearty  food with a homely feel.  Think of the Compass' offerings as your mum's feel good grub with a professional guise.  Walking past the window of the Compass, I caught a glimpse of the chef slicing a big crusty bread loaf on a rustic wooden slab, slices of what looked like Brie and a bunch of fresh herbs nestled at the side.   That image convinced me to dine there with little consideration and I was not let down.  Inside you'll find a typical up market pub interior: stone walls, wooden tables and slouch worthy chairs. What sets this place apart is food. I tried a braised duck leg with a spicy potato stew - top quality stuff and under ten pounds too.
This is a nice, laidback, local establishment in Leith, which is good for some decent food and a few bevs. The red decor and brick wall beside the bar make this an attractive wee place, which feels pretty spacious and beams in lots of light. There's the traditional wooden chairs and tables thing going on, no sofas about, which makes it slightly more of a restaurant where you have to sit up straight at the table, rather than a pub and restaurant where you can lean back a bit more in comfier seating, and chill with both food and drinks.  It always seems to be busy here, and it is definitely really popular with the locals. The menu is really reasonably priced too, so this is a worthwhile stop if you're drinking or eating in the Leith area.
Compass used to be my local for years.  So much so I used to eat there more or less once a week.  I couldn't rave about this place enough up until about 6 months ago when I think the quality went down a notch or two.    This lovely little bar in the heart of Leith has a great atmosphere and usually you can just walk in and get a table though that's not to say it is really quiet.    I always thought that the food menu was great value, main meals ranging between 7-13 for great quality, local produce such as seabass, venison, steak etc.  However, lately we have been in less frequently as we have noticed that the usually extensive menu has turned more pub grub like with everything battered and accompnied with chips.    I wouldn't rule it out though as it is a good place.  Definitely worth a try.
Really nice food, but had to wait absolutely ages for it. This is a bit of a problem when you're on a one hour lunch break and really need to eat in that time.   When the food finally arrived, it tasted wonderful and that just about made up for the wait, until I realised I had to scoop it in about fifteen seconds. Boo! I went for the veggie tart with tattie salad - it's one to go for if you have more time on your hands.  I think there's a decent selection of beer, but as I was on lunch the booze was out of bounds. I liked the atmosphere and decor of the place though, and the guys behind the bar were pleasant and fun.
Compass is somewhere I've walked past often, but never been inside - until the King's Wark was fully booked and we were in need of some food Leith style.  We had a booking, but a fairly rubbish table at the back next to the loos - woo... Wines were on the slightly dearer side, and food was averagely priced. It was however pretty disappointing, with my steak pie consisting of a stew of dry beef and a slab of blackened pastry on top - this is NOT A PIE. Chips were a bit meh too. Cullen Skink looked nice mind.  Service wasn't as slow as some other reviews have suggested, but was a bit sloppy (such as having to ask for a spoon for the soup). Oh and the wine had already been opened before being brought to the table, which you shouldn't do.  It's not an awful restaurant, but there's a wealth of choice down by the Shore that you'd be better off spending your money at.
The Hub is a well established events venue, which is owned by the Edinburgh International Festival, and also includes a cafe, called Cafe Hub (keeping it real) and a ticket office. The Hub is housed in a really striking renovated church building near the top of the Royal Mile, and is a pretty clear landmark for anyone trying to navigate their way around the Old Town.  I've been to the Assembly Hall upstairs in the Hub, plus another one of the smaller rooms for an arts event, and they both provided a pleasant atmosphere for socialising and relaxing. The interior of the Hub is bright and modern, in contrast to the gothic exterior of the building. The cafe comes well recommended, with its selection of hearty breakfast and lunch options, all at inexpensive prices.
The Hub is a venue owned and run by the International Festival, right in the heart of Edinburgh. Converted from a beautiful church, this main festival venue, which can be hired out for functions, also contains a large cafe restaurant. The beautiful church facade is unfortunately a little let down by the modern interior.  I've been to the Hub cafe a few times to meet people for coffee or lunch on businessy sort of meetings. Its a fantastic location, right at the top of the Mile and just around the corner from the castle. This is probably the main cause for the Hub's business.  Despite the beautiful building and the convenient location the cafe isn't the best. It serves ordinary sorts of teas and coffees and light lunches. The lunches themselves aren't terrible, after finally extending their menu, but the prices are. For what you get, which is fairly small portions of "fancy" food dressed up, the cost is too much. In the past the staffing has been too slow and a bit inconsistent.  A great location venue but with a poor cafe and a lot of room for improvement,
What's not to like about a 5 lunch?    The Hub has a great location on the Royal Mile, an attractive dining room, pleasant servers, and has a set deal of 5 for soup and sandwich.  Plus by the time we got there after touring the Castle and strolling down Castle hill, we did not want to go one step further.
Was a former church... Is the festival centre... Have a decent lunch.
This is a really good venue to hold meetings in Edinburgh. We hired the 'Glass Room' at the top of the building which had its own private balcony with stunning views across the city.   The Hub provided us with lunch - just sandwiches- but they finished it off with some really good, gooey chocolate cake which made me love the whole venue even more!! They also left some Edinburgh rock on the tables for us to munch through...so whenever my meeting became boring/overly bureaucratic I could have a sugar high to bring back my normal hyper-ness!
Th Hub is for me a focal point especially when the Edinburgh Festival is in full flow either for aquiring tickets, making show enquiries, information on events or a quick lunch bite. It also doubles as an event venue, and has private meeting room upstairs, in this structure that dominates the city skyline...but for me I have yet to fully experience a show or some food here.  For me the its location is fairly central in an converted church, now a regional meeting place where its quiet enough to escape the hussle and bussle of outside, during busy tourist season!  Enjoy the shop, free maps and guides, chatting to Hub staff finding out if there are any tickets left for usual sold out events that Edinburgh is famous for, and the afternoon weekend teas are great as well as weddings and pre-tattoo suppers.  They have wifi, not sure if it is free but according to the ticket staff, you cant get access to www from the shop area but possibly need a password from the restaurant staff.   For full information visit the hub website www.thehub-edinburgh.com
Attended a wedding at The Hub recently. WOW.   We spent our day mostly in the main hall (the former church sanctuary) and balcony as well as the library (used as a bar/gathering area). Great food and lovely set-up. The colors in the main hall are garish and take away from the beautiful aspects of the carved ceiling, I feel. But it didn't detract too much from the lovely and intimate balcony setting of the wedding itself and the great space in the hall for the reception dinner and dance.   They were a bit let down with service. It was here and there. Great at some times and totally lacking at others. The manager for the day was clearly present, but didn't always keep her staff on the same page. Our table barely got dessert. This was sad because I love cake.   Very beautiful setting that lends itself well to smaller and larger groups, as I experienced.
The Magnum isn't on the main strip of bars and restaurants, so you have to know about it, and a lot of faithful and local regulars do. It's been here since 1981, so it's a bar of the 80s, which automatically makes it cool of course. It was the fairy lights around the big arched windows that lured me in, as twinkling fairy lights always do, and there's definitely a bit of something romantic going on here, so if you staring into each other's eyes and being lovestruck is your thing, then this is a good place to do it.  Aside from loved up dining and drinking, The Magnum is also really nice for a just a drink and a banter with friends. The bar has a really friendly feel to it, classy but laidback, and you do feel a bit like you're part of a cool, New Town gang of some kind (they accept me for who I am, etc, sob). They have a really tasty, pretty classic Scottish food menu, and a separate restaurant area for food eating activities. Very decent.
I so wish I'd come here when I still live in the neighborhood.  If I'd known then what I know now, I would have quickly become a regular.    After a fantastic meal down the road at Locanda de Gusti, The Man and I stopped in here for a drink.  It is a warm and inviting pub, but is not what I would call an "Old Man" pub.  They had some unusual beers on tap, but I was mostly drawn in by the friendliness of the staff and not-crowded conditions which are hard to find on a Saturday night.  The only down side is the atmosphere.  By the end of our second drink not only was the bar not-crowded, it was nearly empty.  Maybe it does most of its trade earlier in the evening but I would have loved to have stayed here longer if I hadn't been looking for a bit more of an upbeat vibe.
**Kitchen not open till 5pm.**  This is one of the several placed we tried to get food from between 3pm and 5pm ON A SATURDAY.  We went down the list of several places on Yelp, walking all over the area, and found that businesses close their kitchens in the middle of the day on a Saturday.  That's crazy talk where we come from. Crazy talk I tell ya. *shakes fist like an old grandpa*  We sat for a bit and enjoyed a tiny whisky, a tiny coke, and a small bag of crisps for waaaaay toooooo much money for the size - while looking for other places that had food RIGHT NOW. We were  hungry dangit!  The plus side?  The bartender was the most friendly service person we've run into outside of Starbucks in the tourist area.
Visited The Magnum while in town for business and then holiday. The suggestion came from friends who live in the neighborhood and frequent The Magnum. We could not have been happier.   The salmon cake starter was perfectly cooked and came with a tangy chili sauce. My husband had the venison and was delighted. You know a chef knows what he's doing when he cooks venison so that it is tender and juicy - bad venison is really BAD. The red cabbage and blood pudding were perfect accompaniments.  I had a good ol ribeye and was not disappointed. The meat was tender, cooked perfectly medium rare and the sides included lovely roasted potatoes and tomatoes. The meat and veg were both incredibly fresh and full of flavor.  Reservations recommended - the restaurant is not large and the bar can definitely get packed on the weekend. But the staff is unbelievably helpful and gracious and friendly. Wish we lived closer!
The only thing worthwhile about this restaurant are the beautiful views of Edinburgh.  I was so excited to eat at this place.  Unfortunately, it was our last night in Edinburgh, we were saving this as a special farewell treat.  We should have saved our money.  The food was mediocre at best.  The staff was attentive, but this doesn't count for anything when they can't serve food to equal service.
i wanted to love this restaurant.. the views of the castle and edinburgh are quite beautiful.. but the service and food was quite lacking..   the dishes were quite tiny.. but the duck appetizer was delicious
This was the first place I ever went for a swanky meal in Edinburgh, and although it was a lovely meal I have to say I certainly wouldn't be hurrying back again if I were paying the bill!  That's why I'm only giving it 3 stars - although you expect to pay a certain amount in a nice restaurant, I did feel that the prices here were a little excessive. Although now they've brought in a pre-theatre early bird menu for 16.95, if you're eating from the a la carte menu in the evening you can expect to pay 35-40 per head without drinks.  That said, the food was still very good. I went for the Smoked eel, Toasted Rye, Mustard Mayo and Cornichon Salsa for starters followed by the Guinea Fowl with Walnut Stuffing, Squash Pure and Wilted Kale. Although everything was cooked perfectly and presentation was impeccable, you don't have to be a genius to be able to see that the menu does sound a little bit unnecessarily pretentious.  There were however some things that made this restaurant stand out, and why I thought about awarding it 4 stars. For one, it's perched on top of the National Museum and so the views over the city are second to none, especially if you're there at sunset like I was. If you're there for lunch then a wander through the museum at the end is always a good way to walk off your meal.  Also, although I found it odd that service wasn't included in the prices, little things like not needing to ask for your coat at the end as it's already being held out for you to put on - or even to remind the staff which one is yours - definitely score brownie points.  If you're the kind of foodie who's main concern is being seen in the 'right' restaurants, then this is your kind of place. If you're the kind of foodie who genuinely loves great food and wine, I'd definitely pay this place a visit at some point but I wouldn't put it at the top of your list.
The Tower is part of the same group as The Witchery, the self proclaimed best restaurant in Edinburgh. Whether they actually are the best restaurants in Edinburgh is debateable.  A small group of us went here for a friends 21st. Located on top of the Museum of Scotland, this restaurant has fantastic views. That is where the fantastic ends.  "Excuse me waiter but someone has eaten half my food."  Oh wait, it is just one of those super pretentious places where you need a magnifying glass to look at your overpriced food. Maybe I wouldn't have minded so much if the food had been out of this world, but it wasn't. Comparing it to the Michelin starred Number One, this restaurant falls way behind.  Another negative point was the restaurant was so damn quiet that whenever any of us girls got up to the toilet in our heels all you could hear was "clunk clunk clunk'' on the wooden floor.   Sadly I found this experience a little disapointing.
I had heard brilliant things before I came her, so was expecting the most amazing experience ever. My experience.....meh!  It's in a great location, you can't deny it. I was really impressed on the way up, I had no idea it was here! It's lovely inside and is really impressive to look at....but meh.  The menu was really impressive, drizzled in this and sauted in that, .....meh!!  The price was through the roof as expected. Staff were really friendly and OTT. Overall it's a lovely place and good food....but meh
We stayed in Edinburgh for 3 nights and picked the Tower for our "classy dinner" night.  While the views of the castle were amazing, the food fell somewhat flat.  I ordered off the 3 course menu and had a gnocchi appetizer, chicken with pancetta main, and cheese and chutney dessert.  My boyfriend had steak and potatoes with a peanut butter chocolate dessert.  The gnocchi was nothing special, my chicken dish was probably the star of the night, and the cheese and chutney was not so great.  My boyfriend's steak was so tiny it was almost comical, the potatoes and his dessert were the winners in his dinner.  Although the views were great, the food was unimpressive and overpriced, Edinburgh has tons of other renowned restaurants I would try before going back to Tower.
The Tower has had a pretty high flying reputation in Edinburgh, as far as restaurants go, for a good few years now. Knowledge to have before you book a table here is that it is pricier than most, but I don't think it's too extortionate considering it's clearly aimed at the higher end of the market, plus there are a fair few restaurants in Edinburgh that operate on similar price levels, and I do think Edinburgh can be a pretty expensive city in general.  I had a meal at the Tower for my birthday a while back, and was unsure what to expect, aside from brillant views across Edinburgh, which the venue certainly delivers. Can't beat a fantastic view on a good day while you're eating your food, so that elevates the experience before you've really started to analyse the meal. I went for the juicy and mostly always satisfying steak option, which was slightly more well done than I would have liked, however I think this was because I asked for it to be cooked medium, when I really should have asked for it to be rare. I think it was more a shift in the way I like to eat a steak, than an inaccurate cooking judgment on the restaurant's part. I enjoyed the sultry, nicely mood lit atmosphere of the Tower, and would recommend it for anyone who likes their dinner date with sweeping views.
First off I will say I find most food in the UK awful so had low expectations wandering around Edinburgh city center after work on recent business trip. My taxi driver had suggested the Witchery but warned me I probably couldn't get in without a reservation. He was right and the first table they had was 10.15pm :( But the Witchery host suggested their sister restaurant the Tower located at the top of the Museum of Scotland. Seemed more my speed as while we were talking everyone going into the Witchery was in their 60s. Went to the Tower restaurant and had a great meal. Started with what I will fondly remember as one of the best martinis ever. The oysters were awesome as was the grilled salmon and veggies. Dessert was a fruit tart - very unmemorable and don't remember the fruit. The space is very cool and overall would highly recommend the place if you're a tourist and looking for a nice place for dinner as it is on the steep side.
My wife and I went here looking for a classy meal for a reasonable price. What we got was a pretentious atmosphere in mostly the wrong way and food that was only so-so.   We came for the theater dinner which meant that it was only mildly expensive as opposed to exorbitantly expensive, but also meant that the place was nearly empty, which in addition to being somewhat creepy meant that we got much more "attention" than we wanted.  The small fried fish which I got as an appetizer was too salty to really be consumed and the white fish that I had as an entree was bland and somewhat unsatisfying. I much preferred the hot tatties that we got the following night for literally 1/10th the price.
I feel that this place is overpriced. I can't complain about the service. The waiters/waitresses are all very polite, but for the price I'm paying there I'd expect to have much better food.  It appeared to me as if they're sacrificing too much from quality to cut their costs. I'll give a simple example. The olives they bring as a starter are cheap pitted ones that taste like rubber. Order olives at the Outsider (George IV Bridge) and you'll see the difference.  Anyways, I'm not too worried about the quality of olives, but as a whole I've had much better food at much lower prices in Edinburgh. They've got a nice view of the castle, though:)
In terms of being well fed I can't fault The Tower  my one course of partridge breast, bacon & veg was enough to dissuade me from tackling a dessert as well (although that said I managed a bit of each of those that everyone else ordered so can advise that the chocolate mousse and whatever the steamed pudding was were both good and that the stilton needed a third oatcake). My steak knife could though have done with being sharperas the breast required a fair bit of sawing through once or twice. The Saturday before Valentine's Day was always likely to be busy I suppose and the staff were clearly kept going all evening. Being seated in the first banquette by the entrance we were afforded the opportunity to overhear their moans about each other and their admonishments for poor timekeeping, which made for an inclusive touch. The service on the whole was attentive and at times mildly pretentious as noted by previous reviewers (some of the other diners clearly fell into the pretentious camp too of course) but was let down badly at the end of the night when it took nearly ten minutes to locate two of our five coats. It should also be made clearer that upon arrival you're expected to advise the security guards of which booking you are, rather than have them get shirty.
Ugh!  Husband and I tried this place on vacation, it looked promising when we first arrived.  We ordered cokes although they were really pushing the wine.  Husband had a tomato salad which came quickly and he enjoyed.  His main course was pea soup, I ordered eggs benedict (it sounded good because I had skipped breakfast).  It didn't come, and it didn't come, and our waiter was nowhere to be seen. After 40 minutes husband flagged down another server to check on our food and, voila!, it came right away.  He said his soup was mediocre at best, while my eggs Benny was terrible, the eggs were barely poached, still runny whites even, and the meat texture reminded me of jerky, and the whole thing had a really sour taste.  This is the worst meal we have had since arriving in Scotland.  Very disappointing!
Afternoon tea deal is worth a look. 35 for 2 including a glass of bubbly each. Stunning view of the castle (if you get the right seats, limited view from some that are blocked by "the tower"). Staff were busy preparing tables for Valentines night so weren't as attentive towards the end of our visit as they were when greeting us on arrival.
Cocktail in the sunshine!  Through the Tower restaurant's floor-to-ceiling windows is a view of Edinburgh in all its stony beauty. The restaurant is located on the fifth-floor terrace above the Museum of Scotland. Drag your eyes away from the view outside and there's a whole landscape of well-sourced Scottish produce on the menu: hand-dived scallops, Pork loins, lobster, beef, heritage potatoes, and so on.  Haggis bon bons with your crispy squid and a home made pork pie while moules mariners are very well cooked and reminiscent of summer holidays in the Vendee. The poached pear and crme brulees are a lovely end to the meal as the sun sets...  The only problem is that the food isn't quite as good as it should be. It has so much promise and sounds so tasty but it just misses hitting the nail on the head in the way so many other Edinburgh havens do. Having eaten at all the sister restaurants of the group I do feel the food is sub standard to their offerings and would always favour the Witchery or Prestonfield. Lovely view though and a great spot for a cocktail if not a little pricey.
At first sight this place looked so pretentious that I spent almost five mins before to decide to get in.  I was visiting the National Museum and, after exploring the beautiful sections focused on the earliest human settlements and on the incredible journey of the Scottish platform throughout the whole emisphere, I went to the last floor, to have a break before going to meet the Vikings and the other sections and hosted collections.  After looking at the tables, the maitre, the waiters and mainly felt the chilly athmosphere, my first intention was to jump in the lift, running away as soon as possible.  My curiosity, instead, forced me to read the menu. There I found a couple of dishes that hooked me: Scottish Langoustine Salad and Haggis Neeps and Tatties. It was already sunday morning and after three full days in Edinburgh I was still missing my first taste of Haggis!  Then I went in.  The Langoustine Salad came with all the machinery of the case. The langoustine was fair, but nothing special. The best part was the veggie side: a surprisingly fresh and vary and tasty salad. The Haggis was breadcrumbed and deep fried, served in three quenelle-shaped pieces on three islands of thick mashed tatties and three sticks of turnips. Good, good and funny.  The haggis taste was unexpected to me. In my hometown there are several recipes with almost the same ingredients, but the result is very different and the flavour is more on the "rough" side of the scale.  During the lunch I also noticed some useful breaks in the rigid and formal attitude of the waiters. When needed, also the maitre successfully helped them to make the customers' staying more comfortable. This place may become by far more attractive and cosy, if they would be motivated to take their potential to a more flexible and friendly level (especially at lunch).  I was almost deciding to calculate the vote following Rayan D's average: 4 for the food + 2 for the place = 3 stars, but the beautiful views over the city and the castle easily balanced some useless formalism, so my final result is still 4 :)
Lovely tea service, excellent service, and very pleasant/elegant atmosphere. I had a table with a great view of Edinburgh Castle. Free wifi is available-ask for the password.
We had one of the best tables in the house for our dinner here. We were sat right by the window with a perfect view of the castle. We ended up coming to the Tower after the Witchery pushed our reservation back to 10:30 pm. I'm glad we came to the Tower instead. The food was quite delicious and they had a good selection of wine. Very pleasant experience.
this place is beautiful, came here for a romantic dinner was lovely views of the castle - the only thing is that if you're sitting with your back to it you don't get to see much which is a little rubbish! they could rearrange the chairs and tables so everyone can see the stunning views! the food was great, as was expected and there was a waiter for every course - including for the bread, and the wine. it was great service.
Sure, it was lazy of me to choose a restaurant right on High Street, but it was my first evening in Edinburgh after an overnight transatlantic flight with little sleep, at the end of a long day of walking and sightseeing, and I just didn't want to have to work at it.    The service was crappy, even for Britain, but the food was decent.  I had haggis fritters, which I figured would be a gentle introduction to the famous dish, served with a honey/chili sauce.  My entree was the mixed grill, with lamb (A), steak (B+), pork/leek sausage (C), served with grilled mushrooms and onions and baked potato discs.
Nice little place, right on the royal mile.  Ate a very decent Traditional Scottish Breakfast, my friend had chicken breast stuffed with bacon and haggis.  Both good.  I would return quite happily.
This pub located on the Royal Mile is touristy with decent but touristy prices. They aren't bad, and it's great if you want a drink and a hot meal. The service was good once the menu's were on the table. Once again our dinner consisted of Haggis, nips and tatties and a cheeseburger. The burger was 7 pounds, very meaty and big and came with chips and salad. The haggis, nips and tatties were neatly arranged in a fat, perfectly circular tower, garnished with greens on top and surrounded by a moat of gravy. I sampled the haggis and it was MMMMMM MMMM GOOD!    There is also a 7 pound walking tour during the day and a 5 pound ghost tour that starts 9.30pm outside this pub, just FYI.
stopped in here for lunch and i was NOT disappointed.  the wait staff and  bartender provided excellent service and had great personalities.
The Royal McGregor off the Royal Mile was pretty cozy place to spend a very rainy evening in Edinburgh.  It's not very big place inside but very good Scottish Food.   I had grilled scottish salmon which had the perfect crispy exterior tender middle.  The appetizers were great and the haggis burger is not bad at all.  The bar was perfect size to order drambuie and scotch and just think about life or talk about world peace with the nice bartenders.
Even though this place is off the "touristy" Royal Mile, it really has great food. My husband and I ate there twice, dinner and breakfast, and both were delicious. I have to say that the Traditional Scottish breakfast was one of the best breakfasts of the trip.
We went here for our first dinner in Scotland.  I got a Bulmer's cider which is one of my favoroite drinks.  We had to try the haggis fritters and they were delicious!  I feel like it was not really trying haggis because it was deep fried and had a sweet chili sauce.  But I loved the sauce and it was so good.  We got the fish and chips and shepard's pie to share.  Both were amazing!  The shepards pie was made with lamb which is not my favorite but it worked really well in this.  The fish and chips was one of my favorite on the trip, including all the times we had it in London!  We also got the sticky toffee pudding which came with ice cream.  It was amazing... hot and flavorful and the ic cream totally complimented the sticky toffee.  The waitress was very friendsly and gave honest recommendations.  I highly recommend this place!
Food and location are top. Staff were very poor on the occasion I was there. Would likely return when with friends visiting Edinburgh looking for Scottish fayre.
I was here in June. Yep it's in the tourist strip but their tea was pretty good (not difficult) but I also ordered the haggis.  I have had homemade haggis and this was close. I was a bit alarmed when I saw how it was served (stacked along with neeps and tatties with gravy all around it). I would rather them be separated but it was still enjoyable.  There was a musician out side of the pub which made the sunny day in Edinburgh even better.  Staff was friendly and patient when I asked if I could wait to order my lunch after my tea.  The place has an awesome ambience and it was super clean.
The sticky toffee pudding is life changing. The best I've ever had.
A simply fantastic traditional Scottish breakfast!!! I've had black pudding before that was pretty disgusting, but what is served here was absolutely outstanding. The portions were more than adequate to say the least, and I'd like to go back there for breakfast tomorrow. Great location on the Royal Mile. Highly recommended!!
That was the finest beef I've ever tasted anywhere in the world  Sir David Attenborough    The haggis is pretty fucking awesome too! tikichris    I was up in Edinburgh recently, where I made to sure to stop in at one of my all time favourite restaurants (as in the whole friggin' world), Dubh Prais. Despite its location in the heart of the Royal Mile, it still retains loads of character and has a homey, off-the-beaten track feel to it. Much of that has to do with it being in a wee basement.    I now have been to Dubh Prais three times. I can't get past the haggis and the steak. Next time I'm in Edinburgh, I'm going to try to go twice: once for the haggis and the steak and another time to explore the menu a little more. It looks delicious. As should be expected from a top notch Scottish restaurant, the whisky list is exceptional.    If you're planning a visit to Edinburgh, definitely give Dubh Prais a go. You'll be wise to make you're reservation well in advance (for weekend evenings anyway). It's tiny and has some very ardent fans.
Went here on a whim while staying a few blocks up the road. We were able to get table on very short notice by a very friendly staff. It's a very cozy location downstairs, but you really need to go here, it was without a doubt the best dining experience we had while in Edinburgh. Traditional Scottish and British fare, expertly crafted by a chef who obviously cares deeply about what leaves his kitchen. Well worth finding!
Had my first haggis here and it was sensational! Had it as a starter and I'm now reluctant to try it anywhere else as i am positive it wont be as good. Fantastic little restaurant, ideal location, highly recommended, will definitely be back soon!
It's a cozy location for decent Scottish food. The service and atmosphere are very nice, but for the cost the food could be better. There's nothing wrong with it--quite tasty--but the meat perhaps wasn't as high-quality as I'd expect and the flavors didn't meld as much as I would have wanted.
I found Dubh Prais on Yelp when I was searching for haggis because I wanted to try it for the first time at a reputable establishment.  The entrance is a bit tricky, you will have to figure out where the door is.  Since its a basement cellar there is just a door on the street.   Inside, there's only a few tables so get there early-ish or make a reservation. Thankfully, we arrived on the early side and were seated immediately.  I had their smoked salmon appetizer - its fantastic and super fresh!   My mom had a seafood soup (might have been a special) which I didn't get to try. She also had sole with lemon as her entree. It had lots of flavor, very rich but delicate at the same time.  I chose to have haggis as an entree. Luckily, it turns out I really like haggis so I thought this was great.  The best part of the meal may have been dessert. It was a special - chocolate mousse cake concoction. Wow.  Fantastic service as well. I never felt rushed but we were certainly looked after.   This restaurant is truly a gem on the Royal Mile!
Dubh Prais Scottish restaurant is a small exquisite restaurant located below street level of the busy Royal Mile. When I say small, this restaurant holds about 12 or 15 tables if that. When the wife and I walked in, they asked if we had a reservation, we did not. They were happy to accommodate us and the chef even assured us a great meal as he peaked around the corner of the kitchen. I had the Venison that was served with a Port wine sauce and very tasty potatoes. I must say the Venison was full of flavor and quite moist, with no overpowering flavor of the meat. The sauce complimented the Venison very well and brought the flavor out to tantalize the taste buds. This is a great restaurant, with a very comfortable atmosphere, the staff goes out of the way to make you feel very welcome.
This place is very inconspicuously placed on the Royal Mile/High Street and for good reason! I had an excellent meal here for my boyfriend's birthday with his father and stepmother. If you are a local (or even a tourist) you've probably walked past this place and have never noticed it. It's located in the basement and the restaurant probably only seats about 20 people. I had a unbelievably tasty and authentic Scottish meal. I enjoyed a haggis ball starter that came with a whisky sauce. I love haggis and it was cooked perfectly. If you want to try haggis in Edinburgh I'd highly suggest trying it here! For my main I had venison that was cooked medium rare - it was so tender! My accompanies all enjoyed the steak and all raved about it.  In fact, they have been coming for years and order essentially the same meal every time! The service was above 110%. I really had a great and memorable meal and I'd highly recommend this place!
HOLE-LEE-CRAP.  This place is expensive. This place is fancy. This place is limited in capacity. This place is AMAZING.  You absolutely need a booking to dine here. I saw several walk-ins get turned away during the course of our meal, even parties of just two people. Regardless of the configuration, there's only 26 seats in the place. We were lucky to nab a same-day booking for an early 6pm meal, on the condition we be up and out by 8pm.  (We just barely it)  Everything about Dubh Prais is exquisite. The menu, staff, ambiance and most importantly the food are all fantastic and expertly executed. I'd be so bold as to claim that it doesn't matter what you order; it's all going to be good.  I had a large glass of the house red (a Spanish rioja) and it was insanely good for a house wine. My main - a dish of beautifully medium rare Angus medallions in a sauce of pure joy - was unparalleled. How the chef manages to prepare so many dishes so perfectly boggles the mind.  The desserts? Decadent. The coffee? Ever better. I was surprised when told they only did drip coffee, but oh man WAS IT GOOD drip coffee. With some raw sugar and a couple of free refills, I walked away full and utterly satisfied.
My visit to Leith was the 'mission' of my long awaited trip to GB. Many generations of my family hail from Leith (my grand father was a Lindsay and his mother was a Leith), so spending a few days here was truly special. I was told to find this pub, as the property had some connection to my family (the details are a bit fuzzy... I should have paid more attention when my grandparents explained the association). We found it easily - almost by accident. It was just what I had pictured.  The building itself is very old - goes back hundreds of years.  The pub has two very, very small rooms, one for eating and drinking and another for drinking and darts.  Intimate (shoulder-to-shoulder) seating.  Brick walls.  Low ceiling.  Even a small fireplace at one end of the room we were in. We ordered fish, which was quite good. Seemed the safest thing on the menu [well, chalk board behind the bar] for a not so adventurous American. (Folks sitting next to us had haggis... I had to avert my eyes while they ate!) I don't know if this pub is normally frequented by tourists, but we were the only non-locals in the room the night we were there, which certainly added to the charm.  The atmosphere was relaxed and encouraged lingering... which we did. We whiled away the entire evening in fact, my hubby hefting pints of ale while I became acquainted with Balvenie - a single malt scotch whisky which is now my favorite. And our tab for the entire evening was under 30 pounds! Amazing. Our visit to Kings Wark is one of my favorite memories of our two weeks in GB. I would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Edinburgh/Leith.
Popped in for a late lunch mid-afternoon.  I LOOOOOOVED the fish & chips.  Service was great,  prices more than reasonable.  We'll be back and will bring friends.
hate to be a scrooge, but this place aint all that great.  been on various occasions, though just twice to eat and will say NO EFFING WAY the best fish and chips. deep sea, top of leith walk has the best, and ive had about 17 better. the first time we went for a sunday brunch we asked for the steak and onion baguette thingy. we asked if they could add cheese on and they said no. we said we would pay and they said no.  then proceeded to tell us that the only cheese they had wouldnt taste right melted. WTF. all cheese works on steak in my book.  the second time i went was with about 5 others and i will give them a bit of credit as we were came a bit late for breakfast. they were out of nearly everything!!!! no shit. everything that was asked for they were out of. they did have the bagel and salmon. it was a sad pititful little bagel that i wanted to throw a life jacket around and give mouth to mouth to after before offering a new life with a family whow would love and cherish it.  hope dianna wasnt our server cause whoever we had (this was the second week of september, 2008) was HORRIBLE. we had to practically reenact the sesame street "agua" "agua" 80's skit with the guy crawling through the desert just to get a glass of water. ages to get the bill and by that time we were the only ones there.  SUCKO SUCK SUCK MCGEE. you are surrounded by wayyyy better places to eat and drink. shit, id even eat at the waterline 100 feet away before this place
Love this place! fish and chips are amazing! also had the steak well worth the money! not too expensive either! and free bread and butter on the table when you sit down ;)
Always a favourite; food at the King's Wark is invariably excellent and fresh. Last Friday proved a partial disaster though: our starters left too little room for us to finish the main courses...! Great mussels, usual tasty haddock and chips, and a lamb pie stuffed to bursting. Next time I'll fast through the day...  Atmosphere is lovely too, when not too crowded with standing drinkers. The emphasis is on eating, although it's a charming place to view the world from the bar. Food prices are fine and portions substantial.
Nice traditional pub turning out interesting food (didn't eat there so can't tell you how it was).  Mixed crowd of young and old.  Fair amount of seating.
Since moving to Leith I have been in need of a place to meet my Sunday hangover munching requirements.  Kings Wark has solidly taken up the mantel, you know its going to be worthwhile when you walk in at 2pm and they are still only serving breaky!  Me and my fellow hangoveree took refuge at a corner table and nursed our fresh orange while perusing the menu!! My first thought was fry up but after reading the menu I was lead to the french roast withy bacon and syrup.  Now all I can say it that it delivered, I mean its french toast so your are fairly limited with where you can go with it but it ticket all the boxes. For me that means plenty of everything, I hate a syrup scrooge!!!  Looking at the menu it pretty much covers all the bases if I was going to have a moan Ild say i would like to see eggs benedict on there but thats just cause its my favourite!!  In an oober hungover state we were also delighted to see a large free portion of toast and butter brought to us while we waited!!  All in all great! Jd = happy man!
I've drunk here a reasonable number of times and have generally found the service to be good and the quality of the ales (only a couple of guests) the same. My girlfriend and I ate here on Saturday past though and whilst the bar food may not be up to the standard of the restaurant part it was weak enough to put us off trying the dining room in the future. My roasted veg & beetroot pastie came with good cauliflower cheese but was itself nothing special whilst the steak burger was a good size but apparently tasted like a frozen & processed one rather than the homemade experience expected. We'll be sticking to just the booze in the future.
Wir hatten nicht reserviert, und so mussten wir an der Theke eine Viertelstunde darauf warten, einen Platz zu bekommen, denn es war Samstagabend und ordentlich was los. Die Wartezeit verkrzten wir mit einem Ale, das wir allerdings nicht berzeugend fanden  Geschmackssache! Weil wir original schottisch essen wollten, bestellten wir Haggis, ein Schafsgericht mit Innereien. Leider wurde es nicht in der traditionellen Form, nmlich im Magen serviert, da war wohl unsere Portion zu klein und auch wenns nicht schlecht war, das Gericht wird es wohl nie ber Schottlands Grenzen hinaus schaffen ;) Was auf den anderen Tellern war, sah aber sehr gut aus und roch noch besser, ich wrde also fast sagen, dass man sich an Meeresfrchte und Fleisch am Stck halten sollte!
The King's Wark does an excellent line in well prepared food, served in a traditional pub setting. The place is full of character, housed in one of Leith's oldest surviving buildings. They specialise in seafood, with their specials board usually proving very rewarding.  Overall, we said: "I was delighted by the King's Wark. This wasn't my first visit, but I hadn't been along for a good while, so it was great to see their impeccable standards being maintained. In terms of food in a pub setting (pub grub really doesn't quite cover the excellence of what they serve), I can think of few places in Britain that do it better than the King's Wark. I would be very happy to eat here on a regular basis, as their ever changing menu of seafood delights is a guaranteed winner with me."
Now this is a cracking little pub.  Nestled right on the corner of The Shore in Leith this little hot spot is a great choice especially in the winter months (which is 11 and a half out of 12 here in Edinburgh!) as you can cosy up with a pint next to the roaring fire.    The food here is delicious and great value for money (main meals usually between 8 - 13).  I highly recommend the cullen skink which is tasty and full of fish (no stinginess) - a nice traditional Scottish alternative dish for a change to haggis.  Also the fish and chips is always a winner though I wouldn't have a starter before hand as going by the size of the fish it is more like whale and chips:)    The only thing I'd say is get here early as it is a popular spot at dinner time with the locals every night of the week.  Definitely worth the wait though so why not grab a pint, prop up the bar and work on your appetite to wrestle that fish later:)
4 stars for feeding a visitor some cracking good haggis! This place was certainly popular. Everyone was looking for a warm place protected from the endless rain. They have good service behind the bar. Be sure to place all orders behind the bar also. Speaking of the bar, I didn't like Deuchars IPA. It was a bit too watery tasting for my enjoyment.  Anyway, the haggis came with neeps (turnips) and tatties (potatoes). I'm only translating for visitors since I had these same questions. Great food, though the tatties were a bit bland. Compared to the spicy gritty haggis, maybe bland was needed as something different. Solid pub.
No complaints here, other than the pub was freezing. I had to sit with my day-glo cycling jacket on for three whole hours as my teeth chittered away between a wine glass. The door was left wide open for nippit Edinburgh air to cut through an otherwise cosy and traditional place.   The seat I was on wasn't too comfortable either, but that probably wasn't helped by me sitting rigid with the cold.   If it hadn't of been so bloomin' freezing I probably would have really liked this pub. It should have a great vibe to it...  I kind of want it to be one of these old pubs with a Scottish wolfhound flopped down at the hearth of a cracking, cosy fire with his doggy nose on a sailor's booted foot. But it wasn't, because it was baltic.   I wanted to imagine Robert Louis Stevenson penning Kidnapped in this pub, supping ale at a rickety table in the corner and looking out over the river for inspiration. But I couldn't, because I thought my fingers were going to freeze off.   Food looked great. Must come back here to try grub. Remember to bring duvet to wrap self in.
Brrrrrrr.... It's freezing. Too cold and icy to go cycling, so what shall we do? go out for lunch, of course!  We'd never really been to the King's Wark, except for a drink (when we just grumbled about there being nowhere to sit unless you're eating - still true, and worth noting) but after a quick look at Yelp we decided to go. And, yum.  Portions are big! We'd really have been better to skip starters, or to share, but that's no fun, is it?  I had an amazing bowl of seafood chowder, followed by baked haddock meunire - while J had black pudding salad and lamb. Talk about gender-stereotyped choices...! But girlie and blokey choices were all just delicious, and cheered up the chilly day.   Staff are lovely and it's a really friendly place. I'll go back!
On my doorstep I have this fantastic bar, lounge restaurant. It is an old fisherman's building and when inside you are transported into the late 18th century. Thick bare stone walls and hard wooden tavern tables. 3 separate areas. But you are able to eat in any of them. They've got a roaring fire that I tend to seek out in the cold rainy days. We had a pub meal. Forestiere mushroom & onion & rosemary soup laced with sherry.. mmm deliciously homemade! Mrs D and my friend had a pulled pork with creamy mash and I decided on a homemade rump burger and chunky farmhouse chips. All was perfectly cooked, the pork crackling was so good I almost (almost) wished I'd chosen the pork too. My burger was thick, it was clearly hand made and so dense it was almost a pate! No fillers here, pure meat for the lovers! We had some lovely IPA and 70-/- ale and Mrs D chose a sangiovese red. Afterwards a sticky toffee pudding with ice-cream was shared.. as we were all stuffed.   Note of warning: It is very popular with the locals and not surprisingly so. Secondly their meal offerings are geared toward fish and seafood. As I am a not a fish eater due to allergies it is a bit limited for my taste but the wife was exited by the choices and is definitely going back for more and I will too  and take pork that time :o)
I really enjoying popping down to the King's Wark for lunch. It's so handy being right next to where I work at Leith. It's also a great haunt on a Friday night with the agency crowd. The bar area is quite small but makes it nice and friendly!  The fish and chips are excellent but quite big portions. Defintiely go for their fishcakes and the chips are delicious.  Great selection of drinks and friendly staff. Thumbs up from me! :)
Star down. I visited this last Wednesday and yes it wasn't as good as my first visit.  Shame as I wanted to relive the experience.  I called beforehand to see if any tables were available, they informed me there was only one - right beside the door. I was not too pleased on that but gave it a good go.  On arrival we were surprised how busy it was. FULL on a mid winter wednesday evening? Good thing I 'reserved' the most infamous table of the place.   When visiting do not sit right at that table..period. My friend had to keep her coat on during the time there. My wife kept wearing her scarf . On opening of the frontdoor  a gust of artic wind kept blowing out the candle on our table.   The meal was affected by our uncomfertable position and my saddle of rabbit was served warm but due to the drafty conditions turned cold as soon as i picked up my fork to eat it.   The place is great - when your seating is in a warm spot. Unfortunatly this time we didn't and it does prevent me from going here on a whim again.
I have been to The King's Wark once before, in December, and the party of 3 of us had an enjoyable meal. Food was great, atmosphere great, good service - so I was looking forward to my next visit.  Wednesday evening - is it the new 'little Saturday'? It was surprisingly busy, but luckily my husband had reserved a table. Hmm.. the only table they had happened to be just near the entrance, so every time somebody came in there was a strong gust of wind and the poor candle on our table blew out (twice). My friend sat with her coat on the whole time!  I asked if we could maybe move to a different table, but I was told that there were other people queuing for tables. Fair enough.  King's Wark always have daily specials (fish and seafood). I was trying to decide between wild grilled trout and pheasant - I chose the latter.  Oh, I should have maybe gone for the trout.. The dish arrived eventually and it came with gnocchi, beetroot jelly and winter greens. Gnocchi was delicious, I think it was the best part of the meal. Beetroot jelly didn't really do much to the dish, rather than adding a little bit of colour.  The pheasant unfortunately was chewy and tough - disappointing. I didn't finish it, as it just wasn't pleasant to eat. Also it didn't have much flavour.   I'm not much of a complainer (except on Yelp) so I thought that once they come to clear up the plates, I will let them know about the pheasant. However, busy as they were - this never happened. Nobody came to ask how the meal was.   We paid and left.   I'm still convinced that King's Wark offers great food. This was perhaps just a unexpectedly busy evening. I am hoping that my next visit will bump up the score to at least 3 stars or more :)
Headed down to Leith to grab a beer and having window shopped a few hostelries plumped for the Kings Wark - mainly because the burger sounded too good to pass up.  And it was. Quality meat, (no Aintree tumblers here) in a made to measure bun with proper chips like my dad used to make and smoked applewood cheese topping it off. The other half opted for the risotto, which could have been tastier but a reasonable effort none the less.  Not the greatest selection of beers but a good pint of 70 helped the burger go down a treat.  Cost-wise it all came in for under 20, which is always good news.
I guess we wanted to really give the Kings Wark 3.5 stars, 4 for the food which was fantastic, but 3 for the service as we were pretty much forgotten about once we'd finished our mains.  It was cold and wet outside so we were in no rush to move on but after not being offered the dessert menu or tea/coffee for maybe 10-15mins, we decided to shout for the bill and make our own pot of tea back home.
Came for drinks. Awesome mussels!! Good vibe and friendly service. Beers are local and different. Loved it, would want to come back and try more food. Great location too.
Cozy friendly nice little bar. Big log burning fire is great at this time of year and tables near the low windows to watch the world go by. Would definitely come back and I want to try the good here.
The Shore has become the place to go for food when my parents are visiting, after all it's convenient for my flat and there's plenty of eating options in the area.  Plus, my mum's a native to Edinburgh and worked in the Newhaven and Leith areas for a few years, so she'll take any opportunity to go down memory lane!  Last weekend, after a visit to the museum, we once again came down to the Shore and this time decided on The King's Wark. As we'd just been to see the Mary, Queen of Scots exhibition it felt appropriate to visit somewhere whose history, and name, is strongly associated with the Stuarts.  The King's Wark, in common with several other pub/restaurants in the area, has a menu mainly focussed on seafood, along with haggis etc.  It's all reasonably priced, verging on pricey for the type of establishment, but given we were just about the only locals in the place (I say local, my parents live in Glasgow) they can probably get away with charging that bit more. That and the food tastes good too.  I plumped for the seafood salad for a mains, whole shrimps, battered fish, Queenie scallops, squid etc, which came with a bowl of chips. Boy were those chips good! I don't know if they were triple-fried or whatever else, but they were crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside - perfect. The fish was okay, the main issue being that the shrimps hadn't been prepared so came complete with the vein. I suppose that's what you get for ordering whole shrimps, but it makes for messy eating.  My mum had something that came with a deep-fried ball of black pudding, but for the life of me I can't recall what the main component of the dish was. Whatever it was she liked it. Dad had haggis (and a smaller version of my salad) and boyfriend had pulled pork, which he was suitably impressed by.  For pudding we couldn't resist getting a portion of the intriguingly named 'Coca Cola Cake' to share. Sticky and more like a steamed pudding than a cake, it was very good. Dark, like a chocolate cake, but not cocoay - the depth of flavour was something more, no doubt the Cola! It was very sweet, as expected, but I found myself eating more than my fair share. Yum yum yum.  The King's Wark is perhaps not better than any of its neighbours, but it's still a very solid option on the Shore and steeped in history, if, like me, that's your thing.
If you can grab a seat outside (drinks only out there though) it's a lovely seat overlooking the shore.  My fianc was sent in to get our drinks while I held the table. There was a rose on the menu that I only wanted if it wasn't sweet. Apparently the bartender assured him it was dry, "We don't have any sweet wines on our menu." Our kinda place! He got a pint of a beer brewed in Edinburgh.
The opinions of another review site saying this place has gone downhill are not wrong. Just had a TERRIBLE meal here. I'm from Leith and I remember the glory days of this place when it set the example not only to the growing Shore scene but also that of pubs doing good good food all over town!... I've had my best ever fishnchips, best ever smoked haddock risotto, and many great girly lunches here over the years. But years ago, not recently.   I came in about 2 months ago with a hangover for a decent Bloody Mary and decided food would be ok. But the battered fish was sswiimmmiinnng in fat and i could barely scrape the tiny bits of fish off of the horribly burned batter. Put it down to a bad day.  This time we were very surprised to get a table at all as it was a v sunny night at 7.30pm  and the shore was very very busy. But we did, which now I know speaks volumes. The hot smoked salmon starter was a massive plate of salad leaves, giant chunks of very smoked salmon, an egg and 2 half stalks of asparagus. Not terrible but totally over saladed and inderseasoned, and far too large.  For mains we had a salmon  risotto, which turned out to be savoury rice pudding with a salmon fillet plonked on top! Totally horrible. If your chef can't do risotto, don't offer it on the menu, The other was a scallop, crevette and squid salad main. First off the chips were forgotten and i had to go chase them, but when they were eventually brought they were barely cooked. The scallops tasted of NOTHING and the crevettes, although covered in herbs of some kind, tasted of nothing. The squid the same. This was a salad that was charged at more the double of the starter size version due to the addition of chips, apparently....the forgotten chips i had to chase that eventually arrived totally undercooked..  To be fair, the waitress seemed keen to know why we hadn't eaten anything, but my dining partner had decided we wouldn't cause a fuss or scene. I still told her I'd not all enjoyed my main and that the late chips were totally underdone and generally i'd not had an enjoyable meal. We asked for the bill. She offered us a free coffee. and then ignored us for ages. Eventually we got to pay and leave. A full bill with nothing taken off.  Someone in that kitchen, in control of it, can not cook and does not care. Someone somewhere along the line between kitchen and customer does not care about customer service. End of story.  We won't be back, ever.
As with  most of the pubs around Leith Docks, the location mops up any unwanted shortcomings.  The Waterline offers nothing unique or exceptional but the waters edge view compliments the standard pub grub and mediocre beer.  A beer garden at the rear rakes in the punters and the nautical themed interior adds to the overall seaside vibe of the place. Nothing special but worth a visit if your milling around Leith for the day.
The Waterline is no more, and in its place stands the Leith Beer Company.  Gone is the faux-nautical theme and in its place is wood and metal and lots of framed beer-related pictures printed straight out of Belhaven's Department of Pub Personality.  It feels a little generic, but it's not unpleasant.  The booths at the back are a nice new addition.  Food is standard pub grub and seems pretty reasonably priced, and the staff were very friendly and helpful although clearly quite overworked when I was in.  But on to the important issue:  any pub with 'beer' in the name should live or die by its handling and selection of the foamy yellow/brown stuff.  On this, there is room for improvement.  There's a decent if not too inspiring selection of bottles in the fridges, but the real crime is on the draught selection - no cask ales, and the standard selection of superlagers and Belhaven pseudo-beers.  The presence of West's St Mungo lager is a welcome exception.  In short, it's a nice enough pub and I could see myself going back, but an upgrade to the draught selection is really needed if it's going to live up to the promise contained in its (new) name.
Very good location and lots of room and an fireplace. (I tend to favour the places that have one.) It also has a large outdoor space overlooking the Leith waters.  There is a good selection of beers (a full menu on the bar) and wines. and special drinks to represent whatever season is happening. Right now the Toddies, mulled wines and warm ciders rule! Yummie.  The prices are very reasonable.   There is a food menu, still have to try that, but the Sunday Roast looks delicious. The (uniformed) staff are friendly and knowledgeable.  The restaurant area is largely booths packed in comfertable leather. I like the airy / spacious feel it has. Though you'll notice it is a little sterile (well it was monday evening and quiet..), it is thourougly a very clean bar. House-proud without asking you to remove your shoes - well I wouldn't as the floor is polished wood.   Thursday's is apparently quiz nights. I do like a good quiz so I may come round joining :o) Above the fire place is a really big ass TV and today is showed the news.. does it need it? No - will it bring in Sports fans or provide a distraction? Yes.  It is a really nice bar, but just missing that *oomph* for a full 5 star.
Had lunch here today... the tables in the sun = super fantastic... waiting 10mins to order at the bar = not so fantastic... waiting what felt like ages to get food = really not so fantastic... as it made me very rather late back to work...   A great place for a leisurely lunch and a couple of drinks in the sun... should really have thought through restaurant choice on a one hour lunch break...   My chilli dog was tasty and the chips were thick cut, crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside... = win!!  Look forward to heading back after work one evening maybe when I can properly enjoy the outdoor seating!!
Only here for one drink so can't comment much on the place.  Great location on The Shore and has outdoor seating. Probably not much of a draw in the winter but a bonus in the summer and there are quite a few tables, as opposed to the usual couple of tables for the smokers. Tables are close together so wouldn't want to be having a private conversation here.  Food looks tempting and Alex J has mentioned the nachos here so I'll definitely be back to check it out again.
I like this place. It's got a good range of beer (Innis and Gunn Original and Lager on tap, Bacchus, La Chouffe etc. bottled), and it's got a nice atmosphere about it, too. Importantly, the beers aren't ridiculously priced, either - sure, they're not cheap, but they're affordable. I've heard it's got a nice beer garden, but so far I've only visited it when it's been cold and dark, so haven't managed to try it yet. It's probably my favourite pub in the Edinburgh area, to be honst.
I really like the Living Room, despite the fact it's mainly aimed for the elite in the city. I like it because when you walk in there's a warm atmosphere and a piano playing in the background. I like it because you are led through the restaurant and all the sexy leather booths to your table with every eye in the joint following you. I like it!  The best thing about this restaurant is the food. My mum comes here regularly and she always says it's a hit or a miss, but I always get a hit. I've never had a bad experience here but I am aware that a lot of people do, so keep that in mind.  There is always a good deal on the internet to dine in The Living Room, 2 for 1 and 30% discounts etc. It's worth going if the deal is good enough, I like it!
Maybe I'm just a little bit miserly recently, and not really in sync with inflation and the cost of life and such like, but I do find a meal plus a few glasses of wine in here fairly pricey. However, if you come to George Street to drink or dine, you have to encompass and in some ways embrace the fact that you'll be paying more than you would in other areas of the city, and if the well-to-do sophistication (mostly) of George Street is what you're looking for, then you probably won't mind spending a wee bit more money to have an upmarket culinary experience.  On the plus side, the food here is very decent, and the portions are generous too, so you aren't paying over the odds for tiny food, and you will feel like you've actually eaten. The roasted shoulder of lamb and the sea bass dish have both been enjoyed by me in the past, and the menu is quite extensive, with a range of classic, fairly traditional options. The bar section next to the restaurant is popular all week, and a pretty pleasant choice of place to drink in, and there's sometimes a live piano accompaniment to all the drinking merriment.
This place is full of opposites.  It's a warm, welcoming atmosphere (from the buzz of chat, the piano and the smell of food) accompnied by some of the nastiest service I have ever experienced from a mamber of staff who so clearly thought I didnt belong in the Living Room that I'm suprised she didnt just come right out and say it.  The food is expensive and very nicely presented - but you either get it on a great day and the food is delicious or it is bland and tastless. Worst thing is, there is no way of telling which day is which.  The most annoying thing however, is the clientel of this place. You get (as you may have noticed from the other reviews of this place), the Edinburgh Elite mixing with people who just want some nice food and a drink. Mixing those two together isnt a great mix as at least on the side of the non-elitist's its more than a bit uncomfortable.
Comfortable bar with great food and drinks.  Good service too.  A nice respite from the cold.
The one criticism that always springs to mind when I go to a branch of the Living Room is that they're all so similar they're almost identical. And this is also true of the Edinburgh Living Room, which is why I only gave it 3 stars and not 4.  But on the other hand, the upside of them all being the same is that they're all really good quality bars. The staff really know what they're doing, the dcor is beautiful and the food and drinks are good quality and well presented.  Yes, it's expensive. There's no getting around that fact. But for the odd drink every now and then I think it's definitely worth it. For eating, there are a whole host of other places nearby offering better value for money for a similar standard of food, but for drinks this place is worth a visit.
Reading the other reviews I think there is a common theme..   this place tries to be top end but just kind of well isn't, some of the dishes are very good, and the wine selection is not bad but its not in the same league as some of the places its trying to match up to.   the best example of this i think was when dining there with my ex I ordered the seared tuna with aioli and make no mistake it was a good dish, served with young asparagus I was a happy Jd but when ordering the waitress turned and said to me "ye kaen its raw in the middle like" now being from Kirkcaldy im quite used to this sort of answer. however for George st, for the price and for what they try to be i just think they dont quite hit the mark.   I think the menu could also use a revamp and might benefit from a more seasonal approach if they want to match their prices.
Food and service were both good not great. Ribeye steak was mediocre whole seabass was excellent. Ambience was great for a  Monday night with the bar full and restaurant tables packed with a young vibrant crowd.
I'll give this place a solid "A-OK" despite the fact that it really isn't the kind of place which I normally choose to frequent.  It has a crisp yet comfortable interior and makes some very tasty drinks.  Of the George Street drink related offerings, The Living Room is up near the top for me.  That being said, I cannot forget the time I had a bottle of white wine with friends and the waiter whisked it away without checking if there was wine left in the bottle.  We were so wrapped up in a conversation and he was so quick that we didn't manage to catch him but flagged him up and informed him that we had about 1/4 of a bottle left.  He actually argued with us, saying that he up-ended the bottle and there was certainly nothing left in it.  It was the oddest experience,  We finally argued our way into getting some replacement wine, but nowhere along the line did anyone apologise to us.    The whole thing was quite bizarre and though I wouldn't colour the whole bar on that one experience, I would say that if you are drinking wine in a group keep an eye out that they don't snag your bottle!
Went for dinner on a recommendation from a family friend living in Edinburgh.  Had the smoked haddock and it lived up to the recommendation.    Good atmosphere, though felt a little under-dressed in jeans and a collared plaid shirt on a Friday night.
Fantastic service as you walk through the door! Staff were genuine and friendly.  They are quick to get you comfy at your table with an array of drinks to offer. There's good deals on all the time and the food! Oh the food, it was fantastic!  I had The beer batter tiger prawns to start, couldn't get enough of them, and for main I had The trio of pork. Pancetta Wraped pork fillet, crispy pork fillet and black pudding with a sage and garlic mash and apple sauce.   Would recommend to anyone, especially if you like the sound of a live piano playing!
I admit, I wasn't sure what to expect when a friend suggested meeting here for lunch. Having read previous Yelp reviews it appeared to be hit or miss. And by its location alone I was apprehensive that 'substance' may be overlooked for 'style' (don't judge, we all make pre-informed decisions like these.)  Upon entering I was quite pleased with what a chilled out but stylish place it was. I've been here before for drinks in the evening, and the place makes the transition from lunch time spot to evening drinks quite well. There's also a whole restaurant section out the back which keeps the majority of dining away from the drinking.  The menu is quite extensive and creative for a stylish bar. I opted for the scallop and chorizo starter, with a side of balsamic vegetables and my friend the beef and ginger salad. Despite that it was a starter, three of the largest, juiciest scallops I've seen emerged, with proper big chunks of chorizo. Again, I was slightly sceptically expecting some lifeless, generic uninspired dish but I was impressed!  And it was delicious. The veg especially (although a little oily). And one of my scallops was slightly, slightly less cooked inside. But it was ok. The salad looked great too.  The staff were attentive and friendly. The food was delicious, although not cheap for a mid-week lunch. It's perhaps a perfect spot for ladies who lunch mid-week or a nice lazy weekend brunch, lunch and booze spot.  Patchy reviews and experience are a shame, as it was quite a delightful wee lunch that I had here.
Was here with Carolann and Alan for their Christmas event. Very well organised with a glass of prosecco on arrival and cup cake tasting, great buffet, jewellery stands and cocktail demonstrations.  Free flowing wine and beer. I ended up behind the bar mixing cocktails with the bar men....what fun!  I am now a Living room privilege card holder and I will be back. Top marks for this night and well done Carolann for your recommendation.
Wow what a night!!!!!  Myself and three friends( One being Lindsay O - fellow Yelper) attended The 'Taste  Of Chrismas Event' last night held at The Living Room on George Street.   It was simply fantastic. We arrived early before the event commenced and were given a an envelope of christmas vouchers, and 2 free raffle tickets that were to be drawn later that evening. On entering the event which was on the opposite side of the bar, we were  given a glass Prosecco, whist we mulled around looking at the cupcakes, which we got  some free tasters of ! After enjoying our Prosecco, we then enjoyed a cocktail masterclass behnd the bar and we made our own cocktails, and drank them after. They were tasty!!  We then enjoyed glasses of wine and our partners had Cobra.  They then opened a yummy yummy buffet with a selection of the food they will have forr  christmas lunch/ dinner. Cute Canapes and scrumptious deserts & their was penty!!! Their certainly was not a fight for food! We went at 6pm and stayed till just after 9pm - ( the event finished at 8pm but it was so good we forgot the time!  The whole evening & event was great and it was all absolutley free !!!!  It was a Yelpers dream!
I used to be a regular visitor to The Living Room, when I used to work in the neighbourhood, but it had been a while since my last visit. I found it much as I'd left it, with the dining room smart, and the service rather good. However, the food was a little underwhelming, with the soup none too impressive. The pork and chorizo burger was good though, so it's the kind of place where careful ordering may result in a decent experience.  Overall, we said: "it was a bit of a mixed bag from The Living Room. The service was really good, the place is smart and airy, and the dishes were presented in a range of quite stylish ways, but the food didn't scintillate. My burger aside, what thee dishes had in common was that they were light on flavour. This was a shame, as with a little greater attention to seasoning and spicing, The Living Room could be a solidly pleasing place, with a broad appeal."
Came here for pre-dinner drinks on Friday and noticed they had chocolate cocktails  on their menu for Easter. Yum. Will definitely be back to try them again.
This is the second time I have been to the living room and the first time for dinner.  The last time was 5star + this time the pudding dragged it up to a three star rating.  I wish this place was consistent and not hit or miss!  I am a privilege card holder so got the email advising of the January offer of 50% off food so I booked on line.  We had a booth which was nice.  The dcor is starting to feel a little worn at the edges with studs missing from the upholstery and the plastic flowers seeing better days.  there was no music on so little atmosphere.  The ladies bathroom had 3 out of 5 sinks out of order and again feeling a little unloved.  The waiter was friendly and helpful.  I opted for the tofu & coconut laska, which is something I have never had.  it was ok but I wouldn't order it again.  too spicy and hardly any tofu.    My husband had the club sandwich which was nice but said that the chips were like they had been sitting for a while then reheated in the fryer.    Thankfully the sharing platter pudding saved the day, delicious!!!!!! Eton mess, apple tart, crme brullee, chocolate torte and a scoop of ice cream.  The pudding saved the night for me after a ho hum main.  brilliant pudding.  We had a cute little half pint of Moretti beer & it was in the proper Moretti goblets which was a nice touch.    Our bill was wrong but the waiter quickly sorted it for us.  Glad I tried here for food, pity it wasn't as good as the last time here making cocktails.  unsure if I would be back for food.
Ive enjoyed the Living Room a number of times with friends. Its a very easy restaurant. Ive given it a 5 out of 5 as of recently due to the amazing offers the restaurant has been giving out. The last 2-3 times we've dined here we've had 50% off for amazing food and spectacular service! Thanks Living Room Team!
The service, while slow at some moments (not their fault, I was there with a very large birthday dinner party), was overall excellent. Personality, helpful, etc. The food however was... eh. My favorite part was stealing some chips from my friends steak side. my starter (the scallop taster) and my main (seafood linguine) was fine, but not really enthralling. I don't mean to offend, but I've had more exciting ready meals from Waitrose. And at easily less than a third of the price. The physical space was great, the service was great, but the food left me longing.
While Benecol is clinically proven to lower your cholesterol, this place is clinically proven to raise it. I guarantee you'll enjoy eating at this place, but make sure you've sent off to China for your donor heart before hand, cuz you'll be needing a new one.  On my one and only visit I got a deep fried pizza which I chewed on in the company of two JF's. They, being PHD students, probably viewed me with utter contempt, and were only there with me to conduct a study into socially inept and underdeveloped human beings. As a result I ate with a reasonable degree of dignity in an effort not to draw too much attention to myself. Had I been dining alone, my behaviour would have been distinctly less muted, and I would have wrung the doughy treat out into my mouth like a tea towel saturated with pizza flavoured fat. Then with more enthusiasm than a Romanian prostitute who had just realised she could earn a Leu and get something warm in her belly at the same time, I would have sucked the oily dregs from its limp remains, and given thanks for the privilege.  YUM-YUM.
They don't make 'em like this anymore, and it's a shame.  A greasy spoon / chippy / cafeteria hybrid, City Restaurant is not about atmospheric fine dining, but without even trying manages to have a hundred times more character than the vast majority of Edinburgh's more illustrious eateries.  Students, office workers, tourists and dossers. You'll find them all in here, damaging their health via the basic yet tasty grub. A window seat is tremendous for a bit of people watching, and it's the kind of place you won't feel like a weirdo sitting on your own. Just bring a paper.
This cafe is cheap and is more like a Scottish diner. The ladies serving are friendly enough but don't expect too much from the food. It's basically what the Brits call a "chippie" stuff that tastes ok after a night out drinking with lots of sauces and vinegar. There is plenty of seating area inside but they aren't open very late. Their huge cooked breakfasts are probably like a better option, but only when you crave grease and carbs after  a wild night out.
The City Cafe is a wonderful cross over between a proper restaurant and a take away cafe greasy spoon thing - its really rather good.  The food isnt anything special, whether you sit in to enjoy what you have ordered, or take it out. However, the food is tasty, and the portions are huge - the price isnt bad either. The restaurant itself looks a bit 80's - but really, thats not a huge concern unless you were expecting 5 star kinda stuff. Staff seem to be friendly, even late at night when the restaurants main custom is drunken students, but during the day they are always nice.  This place is great if al;l you want is a hearty meal at a cheap price.
After finishing an exam about a month ago, myself and two mates decided to treat ourselves to to dinner in City Restaurant.  We each had a baked potato with tuna mayonnaise which only cost about 3.  The potatoes were enormous and also came with generous side portions of salad  - a good deal for such a low cost.  The service is friendly and efficient and the menu has a pretty good selection.   It also serves traditional chippy food with the usual fish and sausage suppers as well as pizzas which can either be eaten in the restaurant itself or taken away.  It does excellent trade as a result of this and is always quite busy around lunch and dinner time.  Nothing which they serve is overpriced and the standard of the food is generally quite good, definitely worth a visit for a cheap meal when you can't be bothered cooking.
Pizza, fish and chips, burgers...all available from this reliable caf that is unashamedly on the greasy side of cheap dining.  The breakfast are a good filler and the afore mentioned offerings are all a-ok for a last option meal.   Late opening times and a city 'diner' atmosphere mean that City Restaurant has a certain charm that the locals seem to pick up on.
The City Restaurant is nothing fancy and as previous reviewers have mentioned it's a greasy spoon type cafe. It's pleasant enough though, clean, bright and if you get a seat at the window it's the perfect spot for people watching. The last time I was here it was late afternoon and it was rather busy with people getting after work snacks so we were lucky to get a table. I ordered a full cooked breakfast with a generous helping of sausage (square slice and links), fried egg, beans, mushrooms, potato scone, two pieces of buttered toast and a cup of tea - okay, so not the healthiest meal but it was delicious and I polished it off in record breaking time.  I've also sampled their fish and chips and they are also top notch. Overall, if you're looking for a good meal to fill you up but aren't too bothered about counting your calories then this place is perfect.
I very nearly scoffed at the City Restaurant, for calling itself a restaurant while having a big chippy counter slap bang in the middle of it. But I quickly realised it was more a diner than anything else, and a jolly good one at that!  Selling slap-up meals of burgers, chips, and beans on toast, it does diner fayre to perfection. The burgers are pretty massive, the chips are nice and soft and it's got a great bunch of greasy spoon options.  It's clean and there's loads of space. It's not the kind of establishment that's open at three in the morning, but although that may come as an inconvenience when you're drunk and in need of food, their opening times are also successful at deterring unsavoury customers at all times of the day. It's great for families and, believe it or not, a wee evening meal for two! For serving up simple but tasty food, it's awesome.
Despite appearing like some sort of American style diner (and it does look quite cool), City Restaurant is very British. Whilst small, seemingly nothing-special joints like this in the States might actually serve fantastic bagels or waffles or whatever, in Britain they tend to serve standard greasy chips. I think there is maybe some problem involving lack of  pride or something.  City Restaurant really isn't that bad a place. It's clean enough, friendly enough, it's not exactly expensive.  But I'm put off by the quality of the food. Maybe it's because I'm too concerned about what goes into my body that I can't appreciate a place like this. I also find it hard to find great options as a vegetarian although their baked potatoes aren't half bad.  There is still some charm to be had here, but some added homely family style cooking, or some quirky speciality wouldn't go amiss.
This is one of those places you'd happily eat your dinner at everyday of the year before ending up excessively overweight, but not necessarily unhappy.  The food itself is what I'd call good, honest food.  The vast majority of it is very greasy, but it doesn't mind it and nor will you as you eat it and not just because it's cheap and fills you up.  It's certainly no health shop, but so long as you aren't in here every day it makes a great treat.  If you leave here hungry then quite frankly there's got to be something wrong with you.  The whole place has an unpretentious atmosphere and it's quite happy for you to sit in or take the food with you, most commonly to eat on your way home after a night out.  Order chips in such situations and you'll be pleasantly surprised not only by the price, but also by the quality and volume of the food you'll be given.
This place has a great range of customers from all walks of life who are loyal to City Restaurant, and I am myself one of them. It has a great menu and there is always something on the menu that you are sure to like no matter how fussy an eater you.  The best thing about City Restaurant, is that they always serve you very generous portions, which sometimes I struggle to actually finish, and I normally can put my food away.  It's a multi purpose restaurant, in that no matter what time of the day you go there, there is something on offer, in the morning they do a breakfast, for lunch there are baked potatoes and in the evening, fish and chips. Not that I would recommend this diet, but the fact that it's always an option is great.
I haven't actually sat in this place yet but I can tell you that they do some very very good chips and I plan another visit there soon.
This place filled a much needed hole in my fringe timetable recently where we needed warm food and fast! Sitting down was a bonus.  Stumbled upon this place which at first looked like a chippy posing as a restaurant but I soon learned it was more the other way around.  Excellent table service, warm inviting interior, licensed, with a thoroughly broad menu for what I thought to be a chippy. Pasta dishes, grill, epic all day breakfasts and of course battered fish to name just a few highlights.  I went for my usual fish and chips which was gorgeous, crispy batter with flaky haddock and no sign of grease. Slightly overpriced but I all things considered I won't argue. My missus went for a pasta dish which she couldn't finish which is a first. Happy faces all round.  Busy wee place, especially the takeaway.   Good vibes from here, would like to go back when I'm not in a hurry and maybe sit upstairs out the way of the queues of folk getting takeaway and the stares from street prowlers glaring in the window!
Look  *shifty eyes*   I'll be the first one to admit that this is not a healthy place to be in ..... but it makes my stomach so happy!  Their quarterpounder with cheese has saved my -academic- life several times, and I'm never disappointed by the quality of the meat either. It's perfect for that weekend grease run I always find myself doing.  How do I know the food is good in this particular greasy spoon? Well, I've got a very, very sensitive stomach, and if anything was awry, believe me, I would've known by now.  The only thing I've got to grumble about (I'm always grumbling about something aren't I?) is the mayonnaise, it's too vinegary. I don't really like it that much. But hey, I'm Dutch and we like our mayo, (no doubt about that). If you like your chips like you like your spoons (that is greasssy) this here'll do for you!  P.s. No whining about health now, I left my arteries at home, they don't have to know about this.
This is one of those Edinburgh institutions that you've walked past a hundred times without a second glance. I was taken here by my colleague who remembers coming here when he was a kid. I don't think I'm talking out of turn when I suggest that that was a long time ago.  It looks like a sort of upmarket chippy, with loads of comfy booths. Almost like an American diner, an impression reinforced by the friendly table service. And it's a lot bigger than it appears, with additional seating on the first floor.  They do a long list of British greasy spoon standards, but with less of the greasy. I had an omelette and it was deliciously light and fluffy, and a great deal too. Three-egg omelette with choice of filling, served with chips and peas, for 5.95. Washed down with a cold bottle of Caley 80, it was the perfect lunch.  Next time I'm out and about in this part of town and looking for a cheap tasty meal, I won't hesitate to come back here.
I like City Restaurant. It's one of these places that doesn't try to hide in any way the fact that they use frozen, processed food. I don't like all these places around Edinburgh trying to lure the unknowing tourists in with there menu slogans of 'True traditional homemade Scottish food' and what you get has Farmfood written all over it. At City Restaurant you know from the moment you see the very american road side dinner style that I'm gonna get fast food nutrition.   So far there is nothing in my words written, that explains why one would want to dine her. Well simply I just really like  now and then after a long rainy grey day to sit down in a place where one can put yer feet up, whistle a tune, put my elbow right on the table and hand pushing my face to the side, fork in the other and just eat with out any one giving a damn about my manners. So if you seek this look no further.   My rating of three stars? Well first of all any processed food just can't get more then an OK. The only thing that differs a one, two and three is the size of the burger and City Restaurant isn't short on size here. 8.99 for the City burger big enough to hide my face with, plenty of onion rings and chips.  Simply shitlicious!!
A classy chippy... Fish of the day is a must... Upstairs for best views.
City Restaurant is a decent chip shop with a side line in all day breakfasts and grills. There is plenty of seating (there is more seating upstairs) and the staff are friendly enough. So if you fancy a breakfast or chips and want to escape the cold City Restaurant is fairly pleasant.  Why 3 stars, well the issue I have is that it is a bit more expensive than the other chip shops nearby, but the food is of no better quality, heck most of it tastes the same because it is likely from the same supplier...   The quarter pounder, mince pie, sausage etc are identical to those found in Central Takeaway, I bring this up because at lunch time Central do a takeaway offer which means a selection of dishes only cost a couple of pounds (and in my opinion they do better chips).  In short City Restaurant is fine-to-good if you want somewhere to sit and chat while getting your fried food fix, otherwise there are better options.
This is a decent chip shop with a pretty good sit-in menu. My complaint is that my server seemed to have very little interest in providing a high quality service experience. Her attitude was very grumpy and uninterested. Maybe she was having a bad day but I certainly didn't leave a tip.
The city restaurant sends me back to childhood days spent walking along the marine parade in  Lyme Regis, eating chips, trying to avoid heat stroke. Sure, there is no sea right outside the restaurant, but the chips are chunky and flavoursome (for potatoes).   Portions come in small or large, the former costing 1.60, the latter 2.20. I go or the small portion which is rather generous. There are off times, and it seems as though the chips are at their best around 12 and 5. Extras include curry, mushy peas and cheese. On ordering, you can ask for brown sauce, salt, vinegar and mustard.   The chips are cooked in vegetable oil, which is a plus for me, being veggie and also quite health conscious. I cannot really say anything about the other food, as I have only ever come here for chips, but the fish and chips are a steal at 4.50.   The premises is clean, modern and in a very central location, close to festival theatre, he national museum of Scotland,  the University of Edinburgh and Surgeons' hall.
This is a decent sort of fish and chips cafe next to the theatre.  The view of the Edinburgh street life is quite beautiful.  Unfortunately this place suffers from being a bit overpriced for such standard fair.  Still, not a bad place.
We've eaten here for dinner a few times since coming to Edinburgh, so I can only really comment on it as a restaurant rather than as a chippy.  City's diner aesthetic gives it a bit of character compared to the other restaurants in the vicinity, with it's bold colour scheme. We decided to give it a shot on this first impression as it stood out from the drab buildings that occupy most of that street. At first we grabbed a corner table, but the seats near the window do allow for a great deal of people watching if that takes your fancy. We also found the staff there pretty friendly and chatty, which also made for a nice relaxed atmosphere.  Each time we've visited we've had a good meal, their chip shop chips are great and more flavourful than the regular chips you might get from another restaurant, which was a nice change. Each time we've been we've tried different meals and combinations and never been disappointed.   Price-wise it's about average, getting a bit pricey if you really want a steak, though you can have a good meal from 10-20 with drinks, which is decent value. I'd also recommend their cake of the moment as it's a bit cheaper and they normally have really nice cakes on offer.
Het is een cafetaria waar je kunt zitten (boven hebben ze ook nog tafeltjes voor een man of 15) of af kunt halen, ze zijn inderdaad goedkoop voor het centrum (1,50 voor goedkoopste thee en 2,15 voor halve liter ice tea als je een tafeltje pakt). Bediening is langzaam, eten kwam gelukkig wel redelijk snel. Fish and chips was 8,45 en smaakte goed, korst was knapperig. Ze hebben ook pizza, pasta, soep, steak, ontbijt, cake/ijs, dus vrij veel keus.
Hadrian's was one of the many closed restaurants the night my parents and I arrived; starving and unaware of Edinburgh's earlier closing hours (compared to other capitals anyway!) we walked around the city centre, and returned to our hotel, desolate and defeated where we had to settle for sandwiches.  I was extremely excited when my parents decided to take me there the next time they visited me, and having walked by enough times to know how fancy it was, we made an evening of it! Hadrian's is one of the restaurants of the Balmoral Hotel. The menu was surprisingly more wholesome than I would expect from really fancy restaurants, which usually leaves me more amused with the imagination and presentation than well fed! I had a risotto and wild mushroom dish, but ofcourse, there were meal tastes and exchanges, and I have to say my mother's seared halibut with pesto was absolutely delicious! Ofcourse there wasn't much of it, but it tasted goodddd...   I personally prefer these more expensive restaurants for ambiance rather than good food, which one can always have at home, so if you're heading there purely for the culinary experience, be prepared to dish out and dress up!
With so many top quality restaurants in the city centre offering really great lunch deals, like Tigerlily or Fishers In The City, I have to say Hadrian's doesn't really fare that well in comparison.   Theirs in more expensive than most, and yet not actually any different in terms of the sorts of food on offer when you look at the menu. Haggis Neeps & Tatties, for example, isn't exactly hard to come by in the scottish capital and so if you're going to do it you need to do it so much better than anyone else. Unfortunately, when I had it for my starter it wasn't. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't unenjoyable or bad, it was just a bit repetitive and boring, and not particularly exciting. And my main course continued along much the same theme - if I want pasta with a tomato and red pepper sauce I can make it quite easily for myself at home in about 10 minutes, and for a fraction of the price.  I gave it 3 stars because the service, as you'd expect in a swanky hotel, was excellent. And there's no denying that it's location is fantastic and convenient. I just expected something a little more exciting for what we paid, and couldn't help feeling a little disappointed when we left.
I think I judged this place a bit too harshly the first time around. When I was taken here for lunch yesterday I had a really gorgeous meal.  Yes, the surroundings were lovely and the service was great and all the rest of it, but I can't stop raving about how nice my meal was. My starter of a salmon tirille was really tasty, with fresh coriander and thinly sliced beetroot and rocket, and it came with wafer thin sourdough bread. There was also plenty of it, which makes a welcome change compared to a lot of swanky restaurants.  My main course was even nicer. Although it did specify on the menu that my sea bream came served with "Israeli coucous", I'd just assumed they'd stuck the Israeli in to try and sound fancier and more exotic than it really was. But it would seem that I'm a bit of a pleb when it comes to world foods, as this stuff was completely different to anything I've had before. The whole thing was drizzled in a gorgeous red pepper and cream sauce, which added the finishing touch.  I still think that some of the dishes on offer were a bit plain, and I still think that 16 for 2 courses at lunchtime is a bit steep compared to other similar restaurants. But I wasn't paying!
Situated in the Balmoral Hotel, the stylish Hadrian's Brasserie offers a good value lunch menu (two courses for 14.50 from their seasonal menu), with excellent service.  Overall, we said: "I was impressed by Hadrian's. The service was spot-on: friendly, attentive, helpful and welcoming. It's a shame that the food didn't quite match this level of excellence. Still, I enjoyed my visit and can imagine myself popping back from time to time, not least to see how their seasonal lunch menu evolves over the coming months."
Deciding that me and my friends would go for a 'nice' meal out for Christmas, I was the one left in charge of making a decision and booking a table. It took me forever to choose where we would go, I just wanted to go everywhere!! I eventually plumped for Hadrian's Brasserie, and booked a table for a la carte.  We arrived bang on time, and were swiftly seated. All the staff were very nice, and extremely welcoming. When we sat, it appeared we had the festive menu on the table. So I just explained that when I had booked it I specified a la carte. This didn't seem like to much of a problem, although she was a while getting us new menus.  After looking at the menu we were all soo torn, too many yummy choices to pick from. I ended up picking Home Cured Whisky and Honey Salmon with Fennel Salad. It was lovely!! You could really taste the honey in the salmon and the fennel salad went with it perfectly. The boys both went for Highland Game Terrine, which I tried a little of  and was also delish. 3 very much empty plates, it was lovely.  For Main I chose Duck with a bean casserole, celeriac puree and parsley oil. Oh heavens above, it was sooo tasty!! The only problem I was having at this specific point was the three older ladies who were sitting next to us, by this point had consumed quite a bit of wine. They were really quite loud and constantly letting off party poppers, one of which almost landed in my food. Just generally a little annoying when you are trying to enjoy a nice night out. The boys were equally impressed with their mains, another 3 empty plates all round!  For pudding I was stuck between the creme brulee and butterscotch tart, mainly as the tart came with glenmorangie ice cream! Yum. But I ended up picking the Vanilla and Bourbon Creme Brulee, which when it came out was massively larger than what I was expecting! It was scrummy, very strong taste of Vanilla, not so much of the Bourbon, but I still enjoyed it.  We all left feeling extremely happy and satisfied, the bill was pretty reasonable and the service was great. Would go back here for sure, maybe check out their lunch menus for a good deal.
First trip to this Edinburgh eaterie. Nice friendly welcome, taken straight to our table and service spot on from then. One of our party is vegetarian and has a nut allergy but no problem to the waiter, new all the dishes,which our friend could have and couldn't, a refreshing change to  a lot of places! Food really tasty, good selection and timing good. Recommend
i love cloisters - im not a huge ale fan but hubbie is and there is always an interesting selection. just wish there were more seats, but I guess its the small size that makes it cozy. See you at Christmas!!!
Cloisters is a really interesting place and I'm not really too sure how to rate it.  Great points: The beer - they have 4 or 5 real ales which they have on tap all of the time, and 5 or 6 which are constantly rotating.  My first couple of experiences at Cloisters I felt like I was at a wine tasting because real ale is much more interesting and complex than lager.  For the beer, Cloisters is top notch.   I've also been told that the food is excellent - but the hours that they serve food seem to vary quite a bit, so I've never actually been able to eat here even though I've tried on a few occasions. I also love the game selection.  There is nothing better than drinking a beer, eating tasty nuts and playing connect 4.  Awesome.    Less great points: The seating is all very uncomfortable and it's nearly impossible to get a table in here (because it's always quite busy) even though it has the feel of a chill pub rather than a hip bustling establishment.  I think that's where it goes wrong - people go in there for a chill pint and between the bright lights, crowds of people and uncomfortable chairs it's anything BUT chill.    Good for Cloisters that people realised how good the beer is and everyone seems to want to go there after work and on the weekends... I guess it just kind of ruins the vibe which the bar wants so much to exude
Note - this review is for the food only... their beer is still tasty  Right I'm updating my review because I ate here recently.   It might be interesting to note that I originally wrote "hate" instead of "ate" as that is probably how I'm still feeling... about their food.  I was told a while ago that their food is quite good but every time I was there they were't serving.  They're known for erradic serving times that follow the whims of the staff.   When I went in for a pint last week I thought it was very fortunate that they'd just started serving food for the evening so my boyfriend an I decided to take advantage of the elusive opportunity.  He ordered fish & chips and I ordered a steak burger. To their credit, the fish was cooked very well.  It was moist on the inside and crispy on the outside.   The burger, however, was abysmal.   Not only was the meat tough and dry, but the bun was several days old.  I'm not exaggerating when I say several - it was difficult to cut in half, difficult to bite even.   Now, I am not one to complain about food being too salty or the wrong temperature or anything that comes down to personal taste or what may have been a completely honest mistake on the part of the chef.  However, someone cut that bun in half, knew JUST how horribly stale it was, and served it anyway.  booooooooo.
Instantly recognisable as an old man's haunt, Cloisters is an intimate bar with a decor that reaches out to the yesteryears.  After drinking the watery, flat, mass produced rubbish that you find in clubs around Edinburgh, Cloisters offers fine ale that's sourced from tangible places and not some steely lifeless factory. I admit, I'm a little biased, Cloisters sell my favourite ale: 'Landlord' on tap and frequently sell a host of other alternative ales (try the Black Sheep if it's available). Nonetheless if you fancy a quiet drink with a bunch of beer enthusiasts this is an exceptional place to start.
Most of what's pretty awesome about Cloisters, formerly part of an old church, is probably lost on my intolerant beer and whisky palate. Whisky, I can do, as a kind of tasting exercise and for recognition of a quality malt, but as a regular beverage, not so much. I can just about handle a sip of different beers/ales/lagers/don't know the difference, but to drink a pint would take me a full evening, and that's not fun, because warm beer is not cool. Much more of a wine or Sailor Jerry girl.  Anyway, I know they offer a lot of special ales here and change their selection around every week, so this should definitely be a calling point for people who like to vary their beer varieties. The same goes for whisky, as they have a big selection behind the bar. It's always busy, no matter what night of the week I've tried coming here to obtain a seat, so don't bank on guaranteed seating unless you arrive early. It's got a real proper pub atmosphere to it though, which I like, and there's always a good mix of people noising the place up with banter.
Real ale isnt my thing - and nor is whisky, so from the off, Cloisters didnt really have that much of a chance with me. However, for the sake of a friend who does enjoy that sort of thing, I agreed to go to the Cloisters for a quiet drink.  And, I must admit, I was pleasently suprised - I loved the bar, its part of an old church or something and is pretty cool, very traditional and old manish. It was pretty quiet apart from the low mutterings of people having conversations and I like that sort of thing when I dont fancy going to so hip bar with blasting music and cocktails.  The drinks were pretty much as I expected - with names like 'Badgers Arse' and 'Biships Bottom', and while I didnt enjoy any of them personally - my mate said they were some of the best he'd ever tasted - and after a conversation with the friendly bar man, it was discovered that most of the ales were local. Which I guess is pretty cool.  Dont come here if you are looking for a cold pint of lager, a lads night out and loud music - this is a place of reflection and supping the same pint for 3 hours to 'appreciate' it.
Cloisters is a great bar to go to in Edinburgh whatever the occasion - whether it is for a quiet drink in the afternoon or for a pre-drink on your way to a night out.   Situated in the centre of the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Cloisters bar is just a short walk from the city centre so it is a convenient place to reach. I frequently come in here with friends for drinks and I always have a great time.   The decor inside is modern and pleasant, not tacky, and you are always greeted by friendly and warm staff. Cloisters sell about ten different real ales, always a bonus for the guys, as well as serving some beautifully tasting wines for the ladies.   Cloisters Bar is always worth a look in for lunch, which they serve seven days a week, and it very reasonably priced. Their menu includes the traditional pub food such as baked potatoes, sandwiches and fish and chips. Their burgers deserve special mention as they are delightful - huge and really juicy and served with proper chips.   The atmosphere is always lively inside, but it can get very busy on a Friday night so probably best to get there early to ensure you get a seat.
Ideal for almost all occasions Cloisters bar is a personal fave, be it the start of a Friday night, or a quiet pint mid week. I love the pub feel without the snobbiness, the staff are always friendly and at least the times I have been in there they have been very efficient despite the crowds surrounding the bar. On a busy night don't expect to find seating. The winter has a particular charm in this place probably aided by the fireplace. I am usually sold by a fireplace. (and hence the 5th star)
First of all, the cask ale selection: fantastic. Lots of rotating local ales including Black Isle, BrewDog, Cairngorm, and Strathaven. Second, the ambience: A+. This pub is converted from an old parsonage for the church next door. Seating includes old pews and some of the tables appear to be made from old sewing machines. There's a fireplace, a spiral staircase, and you can ask for various games likes cards, chess, and Monopoly. It's often packed in the evenings and it takes some work and/or luck to get a table. Probably my favorite pub in Edinburgh so far.
If you like your beers and ales this is the place for you. It is, to my mind, one of the few real pubs left in Edinburgh. Most have been taken over by 'gastro- pubs' serving average food, showing sport 24/7 and offering a limited range of the run of the mill beers.  This place is a refreshing blast from the past. There is no music or TV playing, in the winter there is a roaring fire and you can get yourself a deck of cards or chess set to while the way a cold Edinburgh Sunday afternoon. While the feeling is of a more traditional pub it has more modern decor and doesn't feel claustrophobic or cramped as some traditional pubs can feel. The only down side is that seating is limited so on a Friday or Saturday night when it is busy you can find yourself without a seat.  The bar staff are very knowledgeable and happy to answer questions and give recommendations on beers, ales and whiskeys to someone who knows a lot less than them (i.e me!) without being patronising. If it isn't too busy they are also willing to let you have a try of a couple of drinks so you can pick your favourite. They also have a 'malt of the month' and serve a wide range of Scottish beers and ales.
Been once and would definitely go back ... had a Pentland IPA and it was just lovely.
I lived in Scotland from 2008-2009 and this was a regular spot I hit up.  It is a cozy little pub that serves rare ales and whiskey.  Ale is totally lost on me but I adore a nice tumbler of whiskey.  All the staff are warm and friendly and helpful. However, the pub does get crowded so get there early if you are going with a large group of people.
Not a bad place to lose a couple of hours. The cask ales were spot on and the staff friendly.  Mixed crowd but fairly relaxed compared to my usual haunts.  Haven't eaten but will probably pop back in at some point.
After a failed attempt at attending a gig (we showed up and there was no one there, not even the bands. Huh strange.) Emily V and I were in need of a suitable place to rest our hats (if we were wearing any, which we weren't) and sup a pint.  The footba' was on, so we were trying to find somewhere a little less crowded, with seats, and a good selection of beer. Oh and local (it was frickin COLD that night!)  Cloisters was the closest we could find, so in we settled. It was fairly busy and buzzing, with a good mix of students, locals, younger and older folk. It's definitely a traditional pub-type joint, without a cocktail in sight. This is all ok, but I think it focusses so much on beer and whisky that they didn't even have coke and lemonade in bottles - it was all tap. For a spirit-girl like myself, this ain't great as it means any spirit and mixer tastes like syrupy water. Blegh.  I should also say that even though it's not my 'scene' I have been to several more traditional ale-houses in both Edinburgh and Glasgow which I enjoyed a hella lot more. So I'm not being biased. It just lacked any charm or personality.  So, personally, it's not somewhere I'll be hitting up again soon. Probably great for a larger group of folk on a weekday evening, or for a chilled out Saturday night. It's casual and relaxed, and yes they do have a lot of beers. But it just felt a little 'meh' and after my first syrupy vodka and coke, I switched to a cup of tea (much to the bemused look on the barkeepers face). In fact, that reminds me I had asked for vodka tonic so the coke was even less appealing at the time.  It was still a lovely evening with the ever-delightful Miss VD, but that's no thanks to the venue itself.
Another great Edinburgh pub. After work drinks a speciality.  Good seating, good choice of real ale. Thoroughly enjoyable all round.  Can get rather busy but I never think that's a bad thing for a pub! Just means you have to be super good at finding chairs. I come here for drinks with a few friends, or to sit and read on my own there is even a book exchange on the mantle.   They let dogs in which is a definite plus.   Beer choice is spot on although sometimes a little "samey" but that might just be me! I at one point had an issue with grumpy staff but that was a year ago or so and I've had nothing but smiles the last few times I've been in!   Recommended. An Edinburgh classic.
Cloisters is easily one of my favourite locals, and with so many real ales on tap it is hardly surprising. The well priced ales change regularly so if you like to sample something new, then this is a great place to do it. The staff are friendly and enthusiastic about their beer, so if you're not sure what to try first, just ask! They'll happily pour you a sampler to help you decide.    This bar is about more than just the real ale though, there is also a fine selection of whisky, they stock the fantastic Thistly Cross Cider, and though some regulars may gasp (it is a bar known for its beer after all), I've even enjoyed a few very good wines here: they have a great selection.    I've only eaten here once, and to be honest they weren't the best nachos I've ever had... but that was a couple of years (and a kitchen and menu makeover) ago, so I'd happily eat here again.    They have books on the mantlepiece and a selection of board games to play, this bar is very popular though, so you may be hard pressed to find an empty table to set your board up on.    This is a great place to meet a few friends for some great beer, and some good chat, and just as great for a larger gathering.... I've been here for more than a few farewells!
I go to Cloisters quite regularly for drinks but had never been for food before. I had heard good things about their kitchen and was pleasantly (un)suprised!  As far as pub food is concerned, this is good quality food.  I went for the very common fish & chips, the 'Trade Winds' batter was light and crispy and the chips on the side were nice and chunky, and the fish was nice.  I was asked if I wanted tartare sauce (which I did) and a huge jar turned up!   My friend had the pork cheeks served with pancetta cakes and mash.  I had a little taste and wished I had ordered that! As far as drinks are concerned, Cloisters have a great range of guest ales and whiskies, and is not overpriced.  It can be tricky to get a seat when the place is busy (which it is often) and you'd better be quick at the musical chairs game! One of my favourites traditional pubs in town, and certainly a good one to take visitors too.
If I lived in Edinburgh, I would probably hang out at this bar a lot. The night we went was an Oakham Ales takeover, and while I wasn't a huge fan of their beers, they had an American-style IPA (not Oakham Ales, though) on tap that was great.  To sweeten the deal, I ended up randomly winning a t-shirt in their raffle! No complaints here.
Grandpa,   I know you're dead. Yes, that's sad, but well, you didn't live to see me drinking age and really, that's a crying shame because I'm pretty sure we would have liked the same bars. Like just tonight I sat at the bar with two men who owned a brewery and we talked about Scottish weather, baseball sports stars of old and we asked the people near the door if they could shut it because we were getting a little chilly.   This place looks like what it is. It's a big ole church that has a big ole (and massively awesome) selection of the good stuff. Yep, that's beer. I know "Scotland be all about whisky, son" but as a complete pussy, and a beer lover, I prefer to walk home rather than throw up in a taxi on the way.   And that's Cloister's. A place I would bring my grandpa had he made it until now (he'd be like 104 now, which would be even cooler) and we would have a beer with other old men and talk about the good ole days when people used to send faxes and watch television with commercials.   This isn't a dark and dingy old man pub, far from it, it's a very well lit middle aged man pub and I could come in here knowing I could get a couple of good beers and no 22 year old will be wasted on tequila sunrises looking all skeevy and try to pick me up.   It's a talking pub, a pub where you meet up with an ex and let him admit that he did some terrible shit, but you'd be too embarrassed to cry but deep down you're happy he's finally saying it all. Then you go home and let it out. (That never happened, I'm just imagining - I'm just saying it's the type of place you can have a deep and meaningful conversation over beers).  This started out as a letter to my grandpa, and it ended up not being, mostly cause, well... I don't even know if he liked beer. I know he liked kielbasa, fried dough and smoking cigarettes. So, if anyone knows a good place for that.
Large range of ales and local fare.  Great whiskey selection, as well.  Gets crowded.
Cloisters is probably one of my favourite pubs, however it is one that I visit fairly infrequently. They offer well kept craft draught ale, lager and cider alongside a good range of whisky and a fair range of rum and gin. What you won't get here is generic beer or lager (no Heineken or Belhaven beers here), rather they offer quality drinks from smaller brewers. If you aren't sure what to try the bar staff are knowledgeable and professional, giving you a taste of the ale or guiding you to the right drink.  It does get busy and you may not get a seat between the various groups of folk from all ages and walks of life, though if you do then settle in and chat or perhaps play one of the boardgames they keep behind the bar...  In short if you are after a good quality pint then Cloisters is near the top of the list in an area fairly well served with good pubs.
Does anyone know what their Penguin is called?  He sits above the bar watching everyone drink delightful beer, if I had to name him, I would call him Bryan.  Anyway, this is one of the best beer bars in Edinburgh; I have consumed some of the best beers ever in this bar. It's a classic old fashioned place, wooden benches and stools, and some good spots for groups to chill. A popular spot among the local students and local young professionals, beer enthusiasts also flock here regularly.  They have the occasional tap takeover, which is always a recipe for disaster. The good news is it is less than 10 minutes from my flat, so stumbling home is OK - and I can meander through the meadows!!  Never tried their food, but that's not important.
Based on my one visit, this seems to me to be a great neighborhood-feeling bar. They have either 9 or 10 (I can't remember at this point) taps devoted to cask ales. The two bartenders I dealt with were very friendly and knowledgeable about the beers. One of them had already poured me my second beer, when we started talking about West Coast IPAs, and he told me that the manager of the bar brews his own beer, which he thought I might like better than what he had just poured me. He poured out the just-poured beer and produced a bottle of Conviction IPA by Elixir Brew Company, and it was indeed good stuff.  As to other details, the bar seemed to be frequented by locals, and was a somewhat older crowd, at least the time I visited. It was quiet enough to have a good conversation. We ended up talking to a couple of guys at the next table. Just the sort of place a pub should be.
The bar is an old hat at serving local and special brews. They have a old style in set up and furniture. Big tables that invite people to sit together and talk. You can also play one of the boardgames on offer.   On Fridays and weekends it gets busy and you'll wait a long time to get served.  It is in a good spot - close enough to the Meadows and slightly away from the other bars. So brilliant for a couple of drinks and a chat when just visiting, and if you are a local it gives you the chance to enjoy a quiet pint on the not so busy days.   I am not a big fan of this bar to be honest. It is difficult to explain, but for me the atmosphere is just a little missing that tiny bit to make it comfortable enough to spend a long time here. The occasional visit is all right though.   The beers are reasonably priced. They also offer a meze / bar snack menu which has interesting fares on offer.  I wouldn't go out my way to visit, but will not say no to anyone wanting to meet up here.
Had a Saturday arvo out in Edinburgh a couple of weekends ago and the pal decided we were to explore pastures new (although Holyrood 9A was a given for dinner! ;) ). This was (I think) our second stop of the day and brief though our visit was, I loved it and have every intention of being back soon.  Looks like a bland, slightly old mannish place from the outside but inside it's exactly what a pub should be. Friendly bar staff, excellent beer selection and a lovely wee table in the far right corner that catches the sun through the window in just the right way. I could while a lot of hours away here on a sunday with a book and some beers.   For a Saturday afternoon with rugby on at Murrayfield it wasn't too busy either. Plenty busy enough, just not rammed to the rafters busy, which was a pleasant surprise!  If you're a beer head, you could do a lot worse than head down here!
I visited this bar on a Sunday afternoon as I had heard a lot about how busy the pub can get during the evenings.  From the outside it looks like a bit of a local and if it wasn't for the good reviews on here I definitely wouldn't have entered as casually as I did.  Looking at the bar you know this lot are serious about their real beers and there is nothing that makes me happier than real beer. Apart from real coffee and wine gums, but not together.  There was 9 ale pumps, about the same in beer taps and 6-12 different bottled beers. Very homely old fashioned bar with wooden tables and chairs. Even a stool if you want to practice your "lean".  If you're serious about your beer, give this little guy a chance. Stay for a while, the bar does grow on you I promise.  I have nothing to say on their food as I'd already eaten but the Emily H seems to have summed it up pretty well.
First real experience with a UK pub and it was great. The bartenders were polite and quick to serve you. Good selection of beer on tap and good liquor selection. It was a little crowded but that added to the experience. Would come back here if I ever made it back to Edinburgh.
Such a shame. This place used to be my local when I lived in Tollcross and I rather enjoyed the unpretentious old man's pub atmosphere. Easily a 4-star for me. So I thought...  I went with my flatmate the other day, both regulars. We went after the kitchen was closed (9pm) and were hungry, so basically at some point I went to the takeaway across the road, under the soaking rain, to get some chips for my flatmate and I. She stayed inside with our common friend because our pints were still full.  Well... guess what? They politely chucked us out. "- Sorry, no takeaway food in here - But your kitchen is closed. - Sorry you just can't - How come? - Well it stinks..."  For a place serving fish & chips and pork cheeks, I thought the "stinky" was a bit cheeky. The policy isn't clearly displayed and the reasons invoked were utter rubbish. We ate out, under the rain, with the smokers, and went back in to finish our drinks.  Considering other places - that also operate a kitchen - never bothered us with that (Cuckoo's Nest for instance), well Cloister's Bar now seems slightly more pretentious than it appears, and I probably won't spend as much time and money as I used to.
I was dragged here once by my 57 year old auntie who was looking to pull. I think that sums it up! Jools Holland owns it- which gives it some credit I suppose, and it's nicely decorated inside but it's not my cup of tea. It seemed to be a playground for the over 50s looking to re-live their youth. It reminded me of dad dancing at a wedding - you know the sort. On several occasions, sweaty old men made their move towards me, at which point I hastily circled the room. Food-wise, it wasn't anything special either. I had pan-fried chicken without realizing it doesn't come with anything else, should have ordered sides. Yeah it was ok, and the price wasn't too bad, but nothing worth going out my way for.
Owned by Jools Holland, you can guess this place is of great quality.   Situated in a beautiful building on Queen Street, you almost feel like you're off to a ball. Well I was, my university end of term ball. But it does feel so much more grander than that. The food was so much better than the price tag suggested (I imagine this was to do with a deal with the university as I have looked at the restaurant prices and it ain't cheap) and the ambiance was spectacular. The staff made us feel like we were more than just grubby students dressed in our finest gear. The whole night was fantastic, and I understand why my university uses this venue each year.   Jam House also operates as a restaurant and an up-market club. It is worth a visit for whatever reason you can find.
Best live music and dance venue in town by far. Great mix of old and new music, along with great age range of punters 20-60's I would guess . Gets going early, with house band playing covers from 60's to present date until about 1.30am. DJ fills in between sets and takes over from then. Drinks aren't that pricey and admission is certainly better value for money than anything on George Street given there is also live music going on..
My boyfriend used to know this girl who thought that the Jam House was the least cool place in town.  I think that she's just not cool enough to realise just how cool this place is.  It's cool like the 80s.  It actually IS cool like the 80s.  It has that kind of dorky but majorly fun vibe that is the joy of an 80s party.  I almost said "... that reminds me of the 80s" but that's a lie; I'm way too young to remember the 80s.    A previous reviewer said that it's like going to a family wedding because of the all ages crowd.  That is completely true and is one of the JEMs (what disguises itself as a typo is really my brain reminding me that I do remember some of the 80s...) of this place.        The majority of people who go to the Jam House aren't out for a pretentious night out, they just want to listen to some good music and dance without caring who's watching.  Yeah, you will probably end up dancing with a dad and make his night, or with a mom who is wearing heels for the first time in years and can hardly stand up.  That is all part of the charm of the Jam House.  In exchange, you will find that the door charge is one of if not the cheapest in New Town and and the bar considerably easier to get to than anywhere else on a weekend.    I've never eaten here so can't comment on that aspect but the quality of the night out is, well, cool.  Like the 80s.
Billy Ocean Live performance...... Friday 20th April 2012. Tried to get a booking in the venue's restuarant, but left it too late as they were sold out completely. Bought tickets to see the UK's biggest selling soul performer. Arrived to a busy venue but was served extremely quickly. Plenty of bar staff on duty and good cheery service given. Started on cocktails...Bad move though (still have headache on Monday!) Got a postion right at the front of the stage. Billy Ocean took to the stage at 9.30pm and performed for a full two hours without stopping. Covered all his hits from the 70's/80's. Great performance and full marks to The Jam House for bringing this legend to Edinburgh. Night was rounded off by dancing to the Jam House resident DJ who played a great mix of 60's/70's and 80's soul/disco tracks.
Do and little dance.... Make a lilttle love... Get down tonight......d ododododddddoooooo!   I had a great time here! If you love 80's music and a good dance then you will love it here! Although book well in advance as it gets busy!! In all honesty it think its the only dance place i have been to that you can find people on their late 50s 60s mixing with 20 year olds ( like me ...ahem) !  Really good for hen nights or a big group!
The best place in Edinburgh for a great night out with friends.  We went along on Friday night and admittedly it was a bit quiet, but the place really goes over board when providing a safe and excellent night out. Music was terriffic. So much so, we came back for more the night later.....Wow, it was mobbed...What an atmosphere.....11/10  Luved it!!
So this Saturday was my first visit to the Jam House as my friend had organised a Celtic Celebration for the MND charity.  The venue was everything she needed, great area of dance floor - handy for the 50+ Irish dancers that were jigging away, great stage area for the more contemporary dances/ bands that played and big enough for the volume of people that came to support albeit only just as at one point there was a shortage of seating and then standing room only towards the back.    Brilliant evening raising money for a very worth while cause in a very nice venue!   Great time had by all :)
Having purposefully avoided coming here over the last eight years or so it took a bit of arm twisting to for me to break my ban on Easter Sunday but the prospect of non-stop Northern Soul clinched it.  Thankfully the place wasn't uncomfortably busy once we got there so that was a bonus. Other than that though the things that had put me off in the past are still in evidence, namely poor acoustics (benefit of the doubt - the PA and shoddy mic in use may have been the organisers' rather than the venue's) and they still don't stock tomato juice so bloody marys are out of the question. Best left to the older & older at heart for the better part of another decade I think.
Went to the Jam House quite late on a Saturday night out with about 8 others a couple of weeks ago.  The 8 entry charge put me off right from the start!  There's no way I would usually pay that much to get into a venue unless I knew of something special happening, however the group I was with decided to go in.  Very long entrance way and bar before you get to the back of the venue to the stage and dance floor, which is massive.  There are even a few booths overhead, like at a theatre.  It is a lovely venue and would be great for watching a live band.  There was actually a live band playing when we arrived (which I'm guessing was the reason for the exorbitant cover charge), but unfortunately they only had a couple of songs to go until they finished.  Then the dj played 70's and 80's music all night.  It was fun and had a good dance, but had had enough after a while.  We certainly felt very young, compared to the majority of the patrons who were between 40 and 68 I reckon.  I wouldn't choose to go back, but can see how the Jam House would appeal to an older crowd.
Rooftop dining in the heart of Edinburgh. This is very cool. Nice bar (perhaps a bit too close to the restaurant area?) and delicious food. They'll do a surprise scrummy cake with sparklers if it's your partner's birthday.
this rating is only for the terrace.  im too broke to eat here and the cocktails are spendy, so milk them.  until yelp picks up here, im assuming that most people who check the edinburgh site are potentially travelling americans, so heres the deal people- THE BEST VIEW in the entire city. unfortunately it can get quite windy and even more unfortunately, if the next summer is like the last two, you will have between 2-4 days per summer to enjoy the roof terrace.  you can see the castle on one side and the water and fife on the other.  it is by far the best view of any bar/restaurant in the city. however, it is really difficult to find. there is a side door that is tiny.   the crowd is a bit twatty but youll be looking at the castle.
If I was a lady who lunches I would come here every week. Unfortunately, I am not and my Oloroso experience is limited to just the two visits but oh, they were good! The entrance to this place is almost hidden, just a doorway on the street with a small silver print reading 'Oloroso'. Take the lift up three floors and you'll get the best restaurant views ever. One side looks out to the hills of Fife and another leans over to the Castle. Very beautiful, very romantic!   The restaurant itself is split in to two with a posh dining room at one side and a more casual bar at the other. If you're looking to take in the views without paying through the nose then I'd recommend the bar. The food is still great but a lot more reasonably priced and you can get a glass of wine for about 6. If you're out to impress, take note- bring a date here for a drink and a few nibbles and I guarantee they'll be swooning.   If you're out to splash the cash a bit more, Oloroso's dining room is wonderful. I have never had fish cooked so well in my life before, so light and fresh it was delicious. The chef and owner Tony Singh is always about (despite his rising celebrity status) and his Indian influence is clear throughout the menu. Spices are subtle yet powerful and discreetly paired in unusual combinations. In my eyes Oloroso is one of the best restaurant's in Edinburgh and a real favourite of mine.
Oloroso is one of those places in Edinburgh that I would only tell my best friends about. If you walked past it on the street you wouldn't look twice, but going up in the elevator and reaching the roof-top terrace still gives me butterflies. My family only go to Oloroso for special occassions, it's a tradition for my brothers and I to go there on the day of our graduation, so it's only reserved for special ocassions. The lay-out is really quite chic, the grey-and-yellow colour scheme inspired my brother to do the same in his bedroom, which, annoyingly, is really cool. It's really special and the terrace is in the perfect position to get great photos with the castle in the background.  However, I have been for a drink in Oloroso and found the whole experience entirely different. The bar staff are quite arrogant (but extremely handsome, so probably quite right to be) and shaking a cocktail is as much about the performance as the drinking. And it's really pricey, not the place to go to for a quick drink and catch up with a friend.
Have you ever had one of those stunning dining experiences that absolutely exceeds your expectations in every way shape and form?   Well focus on that moment, because it is with that mindset and emotion that I want you to read this review.  (Granted... now that you've committed to reading this far, I've already raised your expectations to a level that heaven's restaurant itself probably couldn't accommodate... so if you do plan on splurging at Oloroso, I'll just say this: yeah, sure, it was just fine. Now stop reading and just go!)  The glass doors at the entrance along Castle Street were the only underwhelming aspect of the entire evening, and after we made the choice to go through them, we were continually impressed.  First it was the view. It's been said before, but at 3 floors up, you're soaring above most of Edinburgh's rooftops. (Over half the world's "view" restaurants would stop there and not worry about ticking the other boxes, like, I don't know, decent food. Space Needle, what?) We love the fact that there were two distinct dining experiences: the dark black, swanky sultry bar where you could order cocktails, indulge in the view and pick of a smaller and more bar-suited menu, or the dining room, bright white with floor to ceiling windows and mirrors. Trs chic, trs hip, trs sexy!   But then we met the staff who instantly outshined the view. Friendly, considerate and accommodating to the core, we did not encounter one member of staff that did not greet us with a genuine smile and desire to make our visit comfortable and memorable. Seriously, even the table-setters and bus boys were walking on sunshine. It was eerie.   Then the food arrived and I stopped caring about the view or the staff or the ambiance or my dining mates or even my first name at that point, because they all faded away into a glorious foodie haze, induced by mouthfuls of roasted baby carrots and new potatoes along with two beautifully presented swordfish steaks... oh. my. God. Swordfish. I think someone at my table got ... steak? And maybe dover sole? And... bread was involved somewhere in there... perhaps? Swordfish. Wow.   All in all, yes. I did spend a lot of money. But let's just for one moment consider the phrase "you get what you pay for," because if this is true, I completely ripped them off, not the other way around. My experience at Oloroso was absolutely divine and worth every penny, so like I mentioned earlier: yeah, sure, it was fine, I guess. Now stop reading and just go!
Elusive, in fact unless someone has informed you of its location your likely to never spot Oloroso.  Three floors up from the main street takes to the modern chic interior of Oloroso, of which boasts arguably the best views in Edinburgh and arguably one of the best dining experiences.  I'm leading you on here, I've only read the menu and heard rave reviews of the food but it's seemingly top notch stuff. Instead I've simply enjoyed a drink on the restaurants terrace on one fine summers eve. With the sun setting behind Edinburgh castle and a perfectly crafted cocktail at hand, you can do no better than Oloroso.  A place for special occasions.
Oloroso is, unarguably, a pretty sleek and nothing less than excellent place to drink, eat, and peruse the Edinburgh skyline.  I've been here for lunch, dinner, and cocktails, on separate occasions, all of which were super tasty, and pretty much faultless. My most recent evening meal, which was with my family, i.e. I most likely don't have to pay for anything, put me in a positive frame of mind for enjoying the best of Oloroso in the first place, without the added worry and fear of the waiter/waitress giving you that awkward look when your card doesn't go through. That's happened to everyone before....right?  Anyway, accompanied by a Casablanca Sauvignon Blanc from the extensive wine menu, I had Fife pigeon, cooked medium, with asparagus to start, followed by an amazing, amazing, halibut dish, with pancetta and a helping of potato. This is definitely haute cuisine style, so if you're wanting some huge, hearty, stodgy meal, I would head elsewhere, but I think the portion sizes are just perfect, leaving you not too full, but definitely hunger quenched.   If you don't want something quite as formal as the main dining room, there is also a food menu for the bar area, where you can nibble on something a bit smaller while you're having a few drinks. I would certainly say that if you're looking for somewhere which will impress whoever you've invited for dinner, and you want a really special, top quality eating and drinking experience, then Oloroso should be very near the top of the list. Also, something handy to remember is that the restaurant has a brilliant roof terrace, which you can sit on in warmer months and take in some fantastic views. Oloroso is expensive, but you are paying for a superb experience, so it is worth the investment for the memorability factor.
I was so excited about coming here - it's that place that everyone likes to drop into conversation that they've been to, whether for cocktails or for a full meal. Maybe I'd built it up a little too much, but I have to say it didn't exactly blow me away.  Don't get me wrong, the views are just as good as everyone says: from the roof terrace on a gorgeous sunny day like the one when I was there, you can see right up to the Firth of Forth, and in the other direction the views of the castle are amazing.  But we weren't there to just look at the views, we were there to have a cocktail, and they were considerably less impressive. Call me cynical, but I don't understand why they bother asking you a million different questions about whether you want your vodka martini perfect or dirty, shaken or stirred, or served with a twist or an olive, and then ignore everything you said. Although it does look very impressive when the waitresses don't even use pens and notepads, it seems pretty pointless when they forget what you asked for.  Still, I'm the first to admit that I'm a bit on the high-maintenance side when it comes to vodka martinis. I'll be heading back there soon to see how the food compares...
We went here based on them recieving a three star review on Frommers Scotland, and were expecting a very good meal.  I guess this must have been an old review as the food was more like a 5 out of scale of 1-10.  We ordered the Langostine and were shocked and upset that the waitress did not warn us that this was messy finger food! The shell as not even cracked at all so this was way more effort versus payoff.  Eating at a fine restaurant one expects the chef to take the extra care to make it easy to eat with a fork not fingers like bar food.  We had the pork which was a bit fatty and a bid dry.  The veggies were over cooked and unflavorful.  I had the duck which was well cooked but lacked enough flavor that I had to add salt, now that should never happen at a good restaurant.  The desert options were pretty weak; we asked about the cheese plate.  That was a joke the cheese selection was one (1) cheese.  They tried to improve on that and added one other cheese which was not that good. The wait staff was not great and the tables are packed too close together.  The atmosphere is one of loud cafeteria yet had white table cloths.  Most people around came more for the drinks of alcohol rather than the food as we saw many people whom left, whom left a good portion of their meals on their plate.
The only good thing about this place is the view, though on a sunny day, the white table reflecting the sun in your eyes makes it difficult to see. Sadly the drinks (cocktails) are bad, the staff are awful.
I was lucky enough to be taken to Olorosso recently, and I can honestly say it was the best, and my most favourite, dining experience of 2010. As someone who thinks, breathes, and talks food 80% of my waking life, this is probably the highest compliment I can give.  Olorosso is fine dining, exquisite seasonal food, exceptional wines, decadent desserts - somewhre you come for an occasion, a treat, a celebration.   The entrance is a bit bizarre, and almost seems like a bank. Just a plain tiled room, with an elevator. But you're taken up to the top floor and enter a dark, subdued and romantic restaurant with breathtaking views of the castle and city.  The food was absolutely divine. I had the duck terrine with foie gras to start, and my only slight complaint is that there wasn't much foie gras and an awful lot of duck terrine. Foie gras is one of my top 5 favourite foods, and they did skimp a little. But it was still delicious. My partner had the smoked salmon, which was also delicous, and the serving was surprisingly large for a fine dining starter.  For mains we both had the fillet of marlot with paprika potatoes, spinach, peas and pancetta. Whilst my partner described it as "basically posh fish and chips" (*eyes to heaven and sigh*) it was just exquisite. I'd never eaten marlot before (a type of fish it transpired) but it was just wonderful.  I was actually too full for dessert but they have the delightful option of 'liquid dessert' which we both partook of: Espresso Martini and Black Forest Gateux cocktails. If I hadn't been in such lavish surroundings I may have actually licked my glass clean.  The whole experience was just lovely. The waiting stafff were attentive, polite, and you knew you were somewhere just that bit more special than the normal nice Friday night restaurant on George Street.  My only other minor complaint, apart from the measly measure of foie gras, was that we weren't given a window seat despite that it was quiet and there were some available. But it was dark outside - had it been summer, I would have requested we were moved. I'm sure they would have obliged.  I'd love to say I'd go back, but I must wait until such an occasion calls!  For anyone visiting the city, and wanting a wonderful "last night dinner", book yourself a table at Olorosso. Or for a romantic meal, birthday dinner, celebratory meal, Olorosso will charm your socks (or rather, silk stockings for such an occasion) off.
Gotta say I was not too sure about how I felt going to have dinner here. I had heard good things AND bad things....... turns out I had no need to be worrying my wee socks off.  Oloroso has got to have one of thee best views...... EVER. Fact. I would come here for that alone, it would have been sickeningly romantic and I not been coming with my best mate!   The food. Amaze Balls. I had smoked salmon, capers and shallots with some bread. Can't got wrong. But it was delicious and the capers were an interesting addition that worked really well. My main of duck with stir fried noodles and veg with a little wee broth was equally delicious, but maybe a little too aniseed-y. But that is just my personal tastes! Then dessert, oh. Dessert. It was on the menu as something very inconspicuous, which we later found out meant, rhubarb crumble, rhubarb panna cotta and some vanilla ice cream. I full on heart this pudding. Sweet but sharp and the ice cream...... give me buckets of that stuff!!!  I was quite surprised to read some people thought the service wasn't that great. All the staff here were welcoming, friendly and totally got it spot on.  Overall, a brilliant meal out. I would encourage anyone to go!
Not a review of the restaurant!  Discovered Oloroso on our week of Summer in March. Saturday afternoon and the outside tables in George Street were crowded due to the one week a year that is the Scottish summer. A nondescript entrance and a roof top bar which remains unlabelled can be seen from the top deck of the buses travelling along George St. Till this point, I didn't know what it was but an Edinburgh local introduced me to the Oloroso roof top bar and I was impressed. Playing the tourist card and 'enhancing' my west coast accent, got us a sunny spot with gorgeous views over to the castle.   A great (pricey) winelist (slighly more than other local bars, wine is around 20-25 for the cheapest bottle) and knowledgeable and attentive staff meant that one drink turned into several, staying on the roof top till the sun went down. Started off with wine but sampled some fabulous cocktails. Even when it started to cool down, the view and sunset are fabulous and if you start to feel cold, ask for a blanket...  The food menu looks great - dinner starts around 35 per head and is on my to visit list. For a special occassion or having visitors - the Oloroso roof top bar is highly recommended.
You know the food is good when your dining companion takes a bite and says "what is that amazing magical spice they put on it? It tastes incredible" and then you take a bite and say "that's salt and pepper".   This actually happened. I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner, hoping his experience would be better than mine (for the uninitiated, see my review of Ondine) and Oloroso delivered up, up and beyond expectations. The food in question was scallops - big, tender scallops, seared to that perfection where the outside is golden and just crispy enough and the inside is melt-in-your-mouth soft, seasoned simply with sea salt and black pepper - simple, quality ingredients cooked with such skill that it fools you into thinking that there's some magic spice at work but in reality it's just great ingredients and talented chefs.   Oloroso is quite nice, and quite pricy, but you really get what you pay for. The scallops came on a bed of squid ink pasta with seasonal vegetables, crawfish and mussels, and the portion was quite generous - not always something that happens in fine dining restaurants. Boyfriend's main - pork loin with roast baby potatoes - was just as good, the meat slightly sweet and oh-so-tender, prepared with simple herbs that complemented, not overpowered, the food. Our starters (him: lightly smoked salmon consomme with crawfish, me: smoked salmon with 'ugly toast' and capers & onions) were perfect as well.   I'd persuaded the boyfriend to order dessert, and as I'd mentioned upon booking that it was his birthday, it came out with a golden candle and 'Happy Birthday' written in chocolate on the plate. It was sour cherry cheesecake with chocolate cherry ice cream and a tiny pitcher of melted chocolate to pour over it all. Light, fluffy, almost mousse-like, just a slight tang in the sweetness, it was some of the best cheesecake I've had. The service was impeccable throughout the experience, from the moment we stepped foot in the upstairs dining room to the moment we descended the stairs on our way out.   There is a lovely outdoor terrace, and although it was raining, we stepped outside to admire the view (which is just as stunning from the inside) and immediately begin plotting our return.
Amazing fillet. Amazing.
Overhyped, snobbish, over-priced.  Many yelped glowingly about this restaurant, so I went to castle street hoping to capture a piece of exceptional taste. Results: sheer disappointment. Oloroso is about fine dining, great wines, decadent desserts, things which i find mostly lacking in my dining experience.  The entrance was post-modern, which heightened my  anticipation of an artsy and filling experience. The walls looked like a modern art room, with an elevator that will take you to the top floor. Here, there was a beautiful rooftop view of Edinburgh and the city. The restaurant looked out to the water with a tranquil and romantic air flowing in the place.  Everything was downhill from there.  My waiter service was virtually non-existent. I dined by myself and was ignored during my meal. It took 30 minutes just to fill my glass of water! The server did not know nor understand the menu (I asked him about diver scallops for appetizers and he seemed clueless). He seemed more keen on serving the business table of 8 people next to me. I suppose you go where cash flows or am I being too cynical?  The food taste and quality were mediocre at best. I started with the smoked salmon which had neither the savory nor smokey taste that good dining delivers. The salmon tasted like it was defrosted from the fridge - bland, unappealing, and absolutely forgettable. The salmon portion, while large, is entirely disproportional to the bread and was not appetizer portion. This was a very rookie mistake that renowned chefs on shows like the American series Chopped criticized the novice contestants in just about every other episode. A premium smoked salmon from Costco would taste better.  My entree was lamb. I was told that it would be medium and I requested it medium. The final product was well done, harder to chew, with a lack of taste. The sauce base was also too watery. I would have sent it back had there been waiter coming to check on me.  For my desert, I had the warm rice pudding with strawberries. This was a fun and tasty dish, i must admit. Not out-of-this-world great, but something i would try again. My server finally showed up when he offered to bring me the check. Great!  My final take:  despite the contemporary feel and great rooftop view, the place is an age-old ruse (pardon the pun!) - overpriced, subpar food masked by nice furniture, design, and real estate. It caters to the business and upper class crowd, I supposed.  Food-wise, I look for the great tasting food and Old-la-Ruse is no better than a 3-star restaurant. You can count on my 50+ would not be gong there again.
Well, it's a ship. Which is a novelty in itself. But you only really need to make this place a stop if you require a beer outdoors at the Shore. They have benches outside that are ideal for a quick beverage in the sunshine. I wouldn't eat here as expensive and have heard it's not very good. But for the benches and banter with pals I'd take a seat!
A ship which is a bar, restaurant and music cellar.   No reviews yet, shame. So all the people that I usually see on the Cruz don't seem to bother about reviews on Yelp - or are there no Yelpers going to the Cruz?  Anyway this ship is a less of a hit and mostly miss for me.  They have a brilliant location and a fantastic venue and why oh why don't I like it?.  I want to! especially in the summer when you can have the sun (if..) on the deck the whole day. There are no comfertable chairs on the deck and it has an 'ramshackle' outdoor bar thingy.. but when the sun is out it is packed.  The restaurant has not been visited anytime I passed. Can't comment on that.  The inside of the Cruz is .. a ship's lounge.  there is a grand Piano and all is a well kept. I can't say anymore really as most of the time for me it was a bit .. meh.
Picture says it all....ha this place is awful. To call it a dive does dives a dis-service. Probably the least appealing place I have ever been unfortunate enough to spend any time in.  On a pub crawl with Owen.C to find Leiths biggest dive I feel we hit the mark here!! The funniest thing was the wedding reception going on there and a 60th birthday....!  Hialrious!
It's a pub on a boat! How could I resist? The upper deck is a nice place to sit out on a warm day (or evening), and it's really empty in October, so it feels like you're on your own boat... if you use your imagination a bit. The interior's quite pleasant to sit in, too, and the range of beers isn't too bad.
I attended a private party at this venue. One star is generous. Not only was the extortionately priced buffet over 3 hours late, but I think the catering staff must have assumed that they were feeding a small group of anorexics, as my girlfriends were starving after having to fight for the small morsels of cold pasta and soggy pizza that were on offer. 15 plus 5 for a glass of alleged "prosecco"?! Are you having a laugh?   The toilets, due to the wonkiness of the entire venue, a water spill that had not been cleaned up and the tiled floor were dangerously slippery and more than one of us nearly broke our necks trying to negotiate our way back to the door.   I was unable to take part in the buffet due to food allergies (thank god, as I would have felt more ripped off than I already do, and that's bad) and had phoned the venue explaining this a few days previously. I was instructed to look at the menu for another restaurant (?) and select what I wanted. I did this and sent an email which apparently never arrived.   When I arrived at the venue, the rightfully embarassed bar staff member told me that the venue doesn't do food and that the restaurant is closed, despite the menu being on the website, and no mention of this when I called! However, miraculaously, I was offered the option of steak or chicken. OK, fine. So I wait, and wait and wait and wait and EVENTUALLY a steak arrives. It was fine. Not good, not great, but OK. Chips were cold and soggy, but to be honest, after I'd seen what the rest of the group had been subjected to, I was oddly grateful.   So, I went to settle the bill afterwards and explained to the staff member that I thought 15 was a bit harsh and that I hadn't been told the price before ordering. The dish that I had actually ordered in my email was 7.95. So, off she goes to get the manager, who was the most exceptionally rude individual I have ever come across. Customer service or even being vaguely civil was obviously not covered in the training course.  So, after me asking and being told straight out that the steak is "normally 18 on the menu" and I was already getting a discount, I very grudgingly pay my 15 and leave. However, I actually look at the menu today and find that in fact the steak is 12.95!! I find this absolutely outrageous.   I  hope that no other poor chumps make the same mistake my disappointed, undernourished group did.
Visited this spot in Hanover street during a couple of it's previous incarnations and always thought it was a nice space so was looking forward to seeing what they'd done with it.    If you're looking to go over the weekend I'd suggest you book in advance. It does seem to get pretty busy and as a result we ended up in the backroom which can feel a little removed from the action. I'm not sure why the people who arrived no more than two minutes after us were able to secure a table in the much bigger, brighter and more atmospheric main room after looking a bit dissapointed at being stuck in the back. I've decided life is too short to make a fuss over things like this though.    The lunchtime menu was smallish, the prices were cheap. and the food was simple no nonsense stuff with plenty of flavour. The only criticism I'd have is the size of the portions which left me wanting more. My sausage, tomato and butterbean stew cost less than 5 but I'd happily have paid more for a bigger portion.    I'd go back to The Dogs again since there was more than enough on the menu I'd like to try. I think I'll be ordering a starter next time too unless those portions get bigger though.
The experience got off to a bad start; booking for a leisurely Friday lunch at 1pm. we'll need the table back by 2.30. Huh? That's what you get for booking a table in a restaurant reviewed well in The Observer only days before. I knew there was a reason why I used to get so grumpy about the trendy restaurant scene.    My mood improved as we approached the venue, not least because it was a sunny Friday, we all had the day off and we were about to eat a slap-up lunch.    The interior, on the first floor is stripped-back dark wood, whitewash and black & white feature wallpaper. The dogs theme is subtle with a few logos, plaster models and pictures scattered here and there. Even at 12.30pm (we compromised) the place was already buzzing, providing the atmosphere. That Observer review again.    The first thing to strike you about the menu is the prices. They are so low! Fish, chips & mushy peas for 4.95. Puddings for 3.50. But then you start to notice the economies: the menu on a scrap of paper, mismatched tables, chairs, crockery, glasses. Small portions, fast turnover of customers (we had to ask our waiter to go away 3 times). The menu options were good; cullen skink, goats cheese & walnut salad, black pudding & fried duck egg, jelly & ice cream, rice pudding. I can't comment on the wine list as my host chose, but his selection, a French regional white implied it was more than just the usual New world suspects.    I still felt grumpy though. The quality of the food was good, but the presentation dull & portions bordering on mean. The service was sound, professional and entertaining but just a wee bit too smug and pretentious. I think that's my problem with The Dogs; it is a contrived concept. None of our well-heeled fellow diners needed to be on a budget. I wouldn't have minded paying 6.95 for my fish & chips if it meant a decent portion of mushy peas & a bigger piece of fish. And while I like eclectic, it doesn't mean random charity shop.    Bottom line? If they hadn't made a thing of needing the table back when I booked, if they hadn't made us feel rushed and if they'd bumped up the portions and prices just a tad it would be a great place to eat lunch. Maybe dinner is a more satisfying experience. Try if for yourself; at these prices it's low-risk and maybe I am just being too pernickerty.
We went to the dogs on the recomendation of qype reviews. We only stayed 5 minutes due to the busy hustle and bustle noisy atmosphere. Personally I do not like sitting so close to the table next to you, that the waiters have to squeeze inbetween and you have to lean in close to create your own personal space. The wooden tables, chairs and floor create a clattery cafe environment. There was also only fancy bottled beer rather than a decent draught available.
Note: the name of the restaurant is "The Dogs", not "The Dog" as is currently stated above.  The Dogs is a cute upstairs restaurant just off Queens Street with very nice food at reasonable prices. Ignore the unfortunate signage out front; inside it's comfortable, with a quirky dog-related theme. I highly recommend their kedgeree at brunch and most everything for dinner. Many dishes are served in small or large portions, so it's easy to find a meal to suit your appetite. The manager/owner/head waiter has a rather terse style, or perhaps he's just as quirky as the place he's created. He's well known around the Edinburgh culinary establishment and has, I'm told, opened rather a few excellent sites. If you get him as your waiter (he's the tall drink of water with the shiny pate), just roll with it. His suggestions will be excellent, even if his manner may come off as a bit abrupt.
The Dogs is a quirky little restaurant reached by ascending an unassuming staircase on Hanover St. The bright and airy main dining room is packed full of odd tables and chairs, there's even a church pew to sit on.  The regularly changing menu comprises of traditional British food (lamb's hearts, skirlie, roast chicken) and is served on mismatched crockery by friendly and knowledgeable staff. Make sure you order a portion of the chips, they are cooked in dripping (the traditional, unhealthy, way!) and are to die for. If you have room for pudding, the lemon posset is a perennial favourite of mine - citrusy, light and creamy.  The Dogs manages to be stylish and unpretentious, whilst also serving up great food - it's the kind of place that you would feel equally comfortable in with your parents or your friends. Make sure you book in advance!
I would say the vibe of The Dogs is meant to be gastropub, plus a bit of a quirky edge, and a dose of bustling but at the same time chilled out ambience.   Fairly new on the Hanover St scene, The Dogs has pretty much been an instant hit, due to being just a bit different from what's been about in Edinburgh for a while previously, and hitting the right spot with diners who want classic, fairly traditional food in a modern, trendy atmosphere, without it being too pretentious or too much of a fussed up affair. A big thing is prices - The Dogs is very reasonable for this part of town, and you won't be maxing out any last money limits by coming here for a quick bite to eat and a glass of wine.  There's a Scottish, home cooked food influence to the menu, with favourites like chicken and parsley broth and smoked mackerel, appearing alongside devilled ox kidneys and braised ox tongue, which despite maybe not being instantly favoured these days by people used to restaurants serving clean cut, more pristinely thought of cuts of meat, are still eaten and attractive to lots of people. I respect The Dogs for being a bit braver than some restaurants and putting more daring dishes out there, which ultimately taste fantastic, and traditionally have always done so.
I would say The Dogs has managed soemthing a bit special here - while being tucked away on Hanover Street up a set of stairs has meant that this place has become one of those places people tend to find by accident, or word of mouth (rather than from sheer presance on the street), the Dogs has also managed to forge itself a reputation as an amazing little gastropub-cum-full-blown-restaurant.  The menu changes regulary, but mostly contains traditional Bristish meals with modern twists. The atmosphere is trendy and fun, but also incredably laid back. Coming in here is a real treat.
We are visiting here for 3days trip and it was our very first place we picked for the first meal in Edinburgh. Very nice and unique ambiance, friendly servers, more importantly superb food!  Don't forget to order chicken bailey vegie soup (under soup of the day on a menu)..i was even asking for a recipe as a joke ;) The most surprising part of our meal was when we got a bill - half of the price we expected. Bread for 2, 2 starter, 2 main..oh and 2 cokes....based on my life in london ( im living in london) and the quality of the food and ambiance, i was expecting more than 70, at least. But really surprisingly it was only 30...jeez!  No need to worry where to visit for your meal in Edinburgh. Just go The dogs - you will not regret for sure :)  FYI, it is a part of "dog" series restaurant. There are other dogs such as sea dogs or amore dogs and I and my bf are planning to visit both of them during our stay here ;)
After reading all the rave reviews about this place I felt it was my duty to check this place out. I've been to "Seadogs" the sister branch located on Rose Street and absolutely loved it so I had high expectations for this place and I wasn't disappointed.   I love the Scottish influence in the menu and everything on it seems like a hearty meal and it took me a good while to decide what I wanted. I finally decided to go for the seafood stew which came with a generous helping of tasty bread and it was absolutely delicious. To follow my main I was faced with the same dilemma of what to choose as everything looked so good, I wasn't feeling in a sugary mood even though the sweets looked delicious so instead I opted for the selection of cheese and oatcakes which were amazing, the cheese was really creamy and it was a generous helping too.  Like the other reviewers, we were also surprised when our bill came to around the 30 mark, for the quality, the great atmosphere and the portions we were expecting much more but I'm certainly not complaining! I can't wait to go back!
LOVED THIS PLACE.  From America, wanted a true Scottish dining experience while not getting too crazy.  Food was fantastic, service was great, pricing was very affordable.  I would definitely come here again!!!
Specialising in doing something a bit different with cheap, unusual cuts of meat, The Dogs on Hanover St. is an absolute winner. Quirky dcor, mis-matched cutlery and antique furniture all add to the place's charm.  Where the place really comes into its own, though, is the food. As the website  says, they champion Scottish and British dishes, using responsibly and sustainably thrifty cuts. I had the cockles with bacon, mushrooms and cream to start - a perfect blend of saltiness and silky cream, followed by a shared cote de boeuf with smoked garlic butter. By far the most tender piece of beef I've ever had and cooked to perfection (so often chefs seem to think rare means medium).  And the best part? Dinner for two, with 2 courses and a bottle of wine for under 50.   Word of warning - The Dogs isn't much of a secret anymore and it's always heaving. Makes for a great atmosphere but book early if you want a table. Also really good for a cheap, tasty lunch to break up a day of shopping. It really is, well, y'know, the dog's...
delightful setting eclectic menu wonderful service great food overall fantastic value for money
Easily became my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh. From the reasonably priced fresh food and local produce, to the amazing customer service.   The venue is quirky and welcoming. We arrived the other day to a delay for our table and received complementary glasses of champagne for the wait. Not typical customer service in the city centre.   I can highly recommend the lentil wellington from their winter menu - the only reason I was sad to see summer was to see this disappear!
Great dinner experience and neighborhood!
We liked The Dogs.  Great location on Hanover Street.  A big light-filled dining room.  Excellent food.  And a helpful server with a bit of an edge to her.    My son had  (thank goodness for the on-line menu or I'd never remember this) braised rabbit with smoked bacon and cider, kale and carrot.  I had pan fried hake fillet, smoked fish potato cake and mustard sauce.  For dessert we split some sort of fabulous chocolate something or other which I can no longer recall.  What I do know is that these dogs are fine examples that reflect well on canine-dom.
Went here during Fringe before a modest mouse concert-  Had gotten used to great fish n chips during the entire trip from Edinburgh to Highlands to Inverness to Skye to Oban & back to Edinburgh, but I think the best I had was here.    Choice of multiple fish in the fish n chips- the two we had, I believe the haddock and the cod, were great!  Perfectly crispy outside but moist and tender interior.  Also there was a pretty decent wine selection at very reasonable prices.  I think we had a good New Zealand Sauv Blanc to wash the meal down.  Several other sides, all excellent- seemed like the restaurant took their job seriously, but the location and decor was really cool with a very memorable wallpaper (you'll understand when you go!).  Also I love waiters who are friendly & into the restaurant and the menu and aren't afraid to give good recommendations.  We got some great recs here courtesy of the waiter!
Ummmm.......  This place.  Great location. About sixteen restos in one (there's a bar, an italian place, an upstairs, and a seafood version *that I know of*.  Listen:  Braised Lamb heart stuffed with prunes and bacon. Sweet, salty, smoky bacon. Lamb's heart braised just enough, flavourful but tender. Salt + sweeet. Totally capable mash.   Sides: creamed leeks & almond green beans.  Wine: Nero d'Avola.   The wine was good & went well with the food. This place has fabulous decor, lovely attentive (but not overattentive) service, the most beautiful floor staff in Christendom (or whatever you'd say these days) (Not fake-o made-up air-brushed spray-tanned bleach-blonde beauty, but simple, honest, lovely people. Like the food. Simple, honest, lovely food).  Eat here. It's worth it. You'll need a side-- they're very good with the portion control and with leaving you not quite enough in a main for a meal.  But it's worth it. Simply honest good food. Experimental and traditional, somehow.  Yum.  Jugs of tap water-- they make no fecking about with costly water. They just fill it up. Now, if they did away with the horrible brightly-coloured plastic jugs... I don't know why it strikes me wrong, but it feels like it's going to be squash at a birthday party when you pour it. I suppose that's it.  But eat there.
I didn't love my salad (blue cheese and apples-- way too much blue cheese) but I loved the asparagus and chicken pie. I ate every last drop of it. The rest of our group enjoyed their meals as well.
The Dogs is another great upscale casual restaurant that I found on Yelp Edinburgh! Really well prepared modern European food with generous portions. My steak was delicious as were the perfectly crisp chips on the side. Be sure to try the hot smoked salmon salad as a starter....so good. Some of the best salmon I've ever had.  The restaurant itself is on the top floor of a period building. Expect high ceilings and lots of random portraits of dogs of course. If you are like me and arrive without a reservation, do not fear they have a "staging area" ie the bar underneath the Dogs and they will ring you (or the bar) when the table is ready.  The wait staff was great albeit slightly cheeky. My tattooed waitress said I'd like the wine...actually she said that the wine will be banging....not sure what means but I think it was spot on as I did enjoy the wine.  Great place! Definitley worth a visit...higher-end casual food at its finest.
Good food. Interesting menu. Reasonably priced. Funky decor. Lovely staff.  The Dogs is the Dogs' Boll*cks !
Love.  This.  Place.  Having read everyone's reviews and having a local (thanks Jenny) recommend it, I decided I had to stop in.  I also saw that unless you make a reservation, it could be difficult to get in, so since I had a very early lunch, I thought I would have an early dinner (say 6:15 p.m.-ish).  It is easy to find, actually on a very cute street with lots of other nice-looking restaurants and cute boutiques.  I was greeted by a member of staff once upstairs who took me to a seat immediately, but then said, "We will need this table at about 7:45, is that ok?"  I mention this because some of the tourists around me were mentioning how rude it was, but for a place that popular, I didn't think it was that rude, in fact I thought it was perfectly reasonable, considering they may have just not seated me (or those people) at all.  Sometimes you have to make a compromise...  I appreciate that they bring of jug of water to your table without asking!  Anyway, the waitress who served me was EXCELLENT!  I don't know that I have had that kind of service in a long time and it was so refreshing!  She asked me if I had any questions about the menu, took the time to explain some of the items and helped me make a choice.  She never hurried me once, but always stopped to check and see if I needed anything.  I opted for the Pan-fried Coley (a meaty, white fish) with kale and mint, caper dressing.  I had also seen a lady with the creamed leeks, so I ordered a side of those.  I certainly got my helping of greens, however it was so tasty!  The fish looked delicious with kale and broccoli underneath and the dressing on the fish and around the plate.  Note:  when you first take a bite, you may not get a bit of the capers, but do not salt until you have had some of the capers.  I overheard someone talking about how they should have waited, and I thought to wait as I know that capers can be a bit strong.  That being said, I am not a huge fan of capers, however I really enjoyed the dressing.  The capers complimented the mint in the dish.  The fish was cooked very nicely.  And the creamed leeks...  the best I think I've had here.  Creamed leeks may be very simple, but these were done well and I would order them again in a heartbeat.  Watching my watch, but having seen the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding with Bailey's Custard, I had to have dessert.  I was worried that the portion would be rather large, however it was literally, just the right size and that goes for the main and the side as well... everything was just right, filling, but not to the point of being sick.  The dessert was...  DELICIOUS...  it is a dark chocolate in the bread and butter pudding and when mixed with a bit of the warm Bailey's cream is just heavenly!  Overall, I highly enjoyed my meal and would recommend this place to anyone...  I didn't think that it was pricey, in fact I thought for the spot-on portions, the price was spot-on too!  For all of that, plus my diet coke, it was just over 18 quid.  Make a reservation and go!
Gros coup de cur culinaire  dimbourg. Dans un cadre moderne, clair, design, sur le thme du chien videmment. un norme portrait du chien du patron (j'imagine) trne en tenture murale derrire le bar. La carte est trs complte et les plats sont excellents. une mention spciale pour le fish ad chips qui est trs bon. Les serveurs sont adorables.
Fantastic wait staff, interesting menu (make sure you order chips), reasonably priced. Loved it!
The Dogs is a cool place with an intimate, casual/cozy feel and solid food.  We stopped by here around 6 without a reservation. As with many places we came across on our travels in Europe, it was a bit hard to figure out where to go and who to talk to, we just sort of stumbled up some stairs and waited around until someone popped their head out to greet us (signage and/or a hostess stand by the door would help tremendously, not just here but in most other Euro restaurants IMO). Like another Yelper mentioned, were told we could have the table until 7:45 which wasn't a problem (I'm glad we knew to expect this, because this isn't something we Yanks are used to- thanks Yelp!).   Wine was the way to go for drinks (beer selection wasn't that good and was pricey), and we had a lovely Montepulciano and ordered some artisanal bread and butter to start; butter was fresh, bread was too tough for my liking and not as flavorful as it could have been (seemed burned on the bottom to boot).  I got the pan fried hake fillet with smoked fish potato cake and mustard sauce, and it was really flavorful and well cooked... I'd never really had hake before but this dish made me want to seek it out elsewhere (such a lovely flavor), and the mustard sauce had me thinking about licking the plate (the potato cake was of course delicious as well, as was the spinach hidden atop of it). The boy got chicken and ham pie which he also found delicious. The main & bread was enough to stuff me, but the boy had some room for a post-meal coffee (which was actually real coffee, a nice surprise after running into tons of instant coffee while in the UK).  Our waitress was polite and cute (we felt so bad when fellow Americans came in shortly after us and were grilling her about every little thing on the menu that she clearly didn't know the answer to and was super nervous... I kind of wanted to smack them, they were being ridiculous, that poor girl). Prices were reasonable and the food was certainly worth it. Were I a local, I'd make The Dogs one of my go-to dining spots for sure.
I wanted to try this place since I moved to Edinburgh and I'm glad to report that it was as good as I had hoped. The cola pork belly was delish and the manager recommended a chocolate orange desert special which was just amazing. The hard chairs can be ignored and the atmosphere is very relaxed. The staff were friendly and I loved the quirkiness. I've decided to bring all my visitors here.
High quality dishes, priced very reasonably, served in surroundings that are certainly "interesting", with some of the friendliest service you'll find  - this is what The Dogs is all about. It's a place that's full of character, and serves as an excellent mothership to the other outlets in the same stable (Amore Dogs, Underdogs, and the late lamented Seadogs).  Overall, we said: "Having now completed the full set of Dogs, I'm pleased to say that they're all excellent. Sadly, I think my favourite may well have been Seadogs, but then perhaps that's me viewing things in an overly nostalgic fashion. Certainly, I'll be visiting the three remaining outlets on many occasions in the future, so would recommendation that you do, too."
Fresh, well prepared food, in an awesome atmosphere and at a very affordable price in Edinburgh.    The flank steak and chips were really good. Ordered mid-rare and it was correctly cooked. My dinning companion had the chicken breast stuffed with black haggis. That was amazing. So flavorful.   They have an affordable wine list. I think we paid 16 quid for a very decent bottle.  It's located on the second floor of what appears to be an old townhouse. A textured white interior gives it a very nice vibe.  I'll be back.
They did it again!  I was actually going to try Amore Dogs, but I just thought I'd take a cheeky peek at The Dogs' menu.  It was a cheeky peek alright...  PIG'S CHEEKS!  I know.  I know.  Many of you out there are thinking, "Disgusting" or if you're American, "Gross", however, I have been wanting to try pig's cheeks and it doesn't help that Simon cooked them on 'Something for the Weekend' and continued my fascination with these little parcels of heaven.  That being said, there were about a dozen more items on The Dogs' menu that spoke to me more than on the Amore Dogs' menu.  I was the only one there, so I got to choose my seat... a lovely table next to the window so I could watch the world go by.  The waitress was lovely, but I got the feeling that the guy that was occasionally bring things out to me was either judging me for eating solo and/or annoyed that I had not made a reservation.  Anyway I chose the Williams Red Ale to go with my Pig's Cheeks in a Cider Stew with Wholegrain Mustard Mash... although for a hot second I considered the Pork Belly cooked in cola.   I decided to start with the Spiced Carrot and Lentil Soup.  The flavour was wonderful, but I was partially expecting the carrots to be pureed, however there were chunks of carrot in the broth.  I also did not find any lentils, however the crusty bread I had soaked up the soup nicely.  Shortly after, the main I have been waiting for all my life appeared in front of me.  The portion was just right for me, but a hungry man might find it a bit small, so make sure you have a starter!  There were three cheeks with a few carrots and celery on top of a nicely sized scoop of the wholegrain mustard mash, sitting in some of the cider broth.  The cheeks were so tender!  They were literally little pillows of meaty goodness.  I don't know if it was the mustard in the mashed potatoes, but I didn't get much of the cider from the broth, but every now and then I could taste a bit of apple, I think I would have liked a little more of that flavour.  I ate all of it and even used some of the leftover bread to sop up the rest of the broth.  And the red ale really went well with the whole thing.  The waitress came back and asked if I wanted dessert or coffee, I must have looked a bit distressed on whether I should or shouldn't and she said, "I can bring a menu, but you don't have to order, you can just look."  That was all I needed, then again, looking at a dessert menu usually leads to me ordering a dessert.  And this did.  I chose the Toffee Rice Pudding with the Apple Compote.  It came out in a small bowl... a caramelly colour with a few bits of apple on top.  To be honest, I wished they had left the apple off... the Toffee Rice Pudding was spot on!  It was creamy, it was sticky, it was full of toffee flavour, it was just the right kind of dessert for a cold, winter evening.  And the small portion was just right because it was so rich and it is rice, so it was more than enough.  It was a perfect winter dinner from start to end and while I could have gotten away with paying under 20 because the guy left my ale off of the bill, but I was honest about it, I still think what I paid for three courses and a drink was totally worth it.  Oh and the guy... when some other people came in, he looked just as annoyed with them, so maybe it wasn't just me...  good thing my dinner was another amazing experience!
After being to this restaurant I now understand where the expression 'The Dog's $%&*!$' came from.  I dare you to finish your meal and not use this term as the food is just so good, there is no other way to describe it.    If you want a meal at very reasonable prices, with good top quality nosh then this is your place.  With main meals from 7 upwards, you really can't complain!!!    There is no pretentiousness about the place which I love and think is one of it's best qualities.  Friendly service, wholesome, hearty food in a happy ambience - the perfect recipe for a (dog's) dinner!!!    When I was last there I shared the 18oz ribeye steak.  Ever since living in Argentina a few years ago I've been on a mission to find a decent steak this side of the water and am usually deeply disappointed.  So much so that I nearly gave up my search but I decided that I'd give the dog a chance and boy was I glad I did???  This steak was so juicy and tasty - it just melted in my mouth:)  Definitely highly recommended!!!    Highly recommended - this truly is The Dog's!!!
The kidneys were outstanding, as was the service and the presentation of EVERYTHING.
With such delicious food, fantastic service and unique but lovely ambiance, there's no excuse for not making a stop here when in Edinburgh. It's not too far from the Ediburgh Waverly station, though it doesn't have a touristy feel to it at all. I highly recommend the haggis, neeps and tatties (I had my first, but not last, haggis here). I will definitely return the next time I have the good fortune of being in town!
On our trip to Edinburgh, this was a gem!  We were a party of 4, and we walked in without reservations early in the evening.  We promptly got a table and great service.  The fried lamb starter was amazing, and my friend couldn't even manage a conversation between bites because it was *that* delicious.  They were also very accommodating and allowed us an order of haggis, neeps, and tatties off of the day menu even though we were there in the evening.  The haggis was yummy, and our friends who were trying it for the first time liked it too!    For main courses we were all satisfied with our choices.  I found the veg bake a bit bland and greasy from the cheese.  The walnut and apple salad with stilton had quite a generous helping of cheese, which was nice.  I took off a star because while this was great food that hit the spot, it wasn't wow-blow-my-mind good.  It is a good choice for a good quality meal in Edinburgh, though.  Oh, and I'm a sucker for good puddings, but the desserts we ordered (fruit crumble and a frozen parfait) were not particularly memorable.
In terms of the overall experience, The Dogs is one of my favourite Edinburgh restaurants.   The menu is superb - it's reassuringly limited and there are some staples that never change. But beyond that, it moves with the seasons and the specials are great more often than not. Not really one for the veggies, The Dogs seems to specialise in unusual cuts of meat - particularly offal - cooked in a fairly traditional style. This is tasty, hearty food which nonetheless manages to avoid wavering into 'gastropub' territory.  I personally really enjoy their stary-gazy fish pie. It's rich without being heavy or cloying and is packed with several kinds of fish, each of which brings its own texture and flavour. And it looks beautiful.  The wine list is good and reasonably priced, while the staff are helpful and knowledgable if (like me) you need a bit of help choosing something appropriate.  The restaurant itself is on the first floor and is divided into several small-ish rooms. Candle lit, eccentrically decorated and with a definite bistro vibe, The Dogs' friendly but occasionally scatty service feels very much in keeping.  This is where I go where I need cheering up, and it never fails to deliver.
Delicious food and spectacular service.  David the waiter "surprised" me with delicious wine and a wonderful three course meal.  I couldn't have been happier.
This place is absolutely great.  Funky and comfortable ambiance, good music playing, friendly and welcoming service... Great wine list ...  And ... The FOOD!  OMG they've got this dialed-in.  We ordered salmon and while not elaborate, it was stunning.  Absolutely perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked.  We ordered free range chicken on a timbale of sweet potatoes and haggis -- who knew how amazingly delicious is haggis?!?    Don't think twice:  go.  Now!!!
"What's the spice in the devilled liver? It's delicious."  "Spice. It's a secret. If I tell you, I'd have to kill you, and you're far too delicious to do that to."  Only a very small glimpse of my dinner at The Dogs recently. I had the devilled liver. The spice was delicious. It warmed your mouth and didn't burn in the slightest, only once you'd swallowed the liver did you feel the spice increase. Every mouthful almost brought a tear to my eye. And so when asking the owner (I believe), a wonderfully flamboyant character, he was at once teasing, friendly and bizarre. I love this sort of thing.  The Dogs has personality. And amazing food, from an unusual menu. They're known for doing British-style dishes but using different cuts of meat and types of animal. Presentation is 'simple' - the stand-out here is the taste of the food itself.  I love the layout too. A front room near the bar, and a back room. It's just a room with some tables and chairs. You bring the atmosphere. On a Tuesday night we ended up here with practically our own private dining room at one point, save for one other couple who were happy to share the intimate atmosphere.  The lamb to start melted in your mouth, literally. I think I let out an involuntary noise of delight when I first tasted it. And normally a fast eater, I lingered over both courses to make them last.  Liver, now liver. I hadn't tried it before, and was wary. If you haven't tried it before, I urge you to go to The Dogs and try it here. It starts off as meat textured and turns to a pate texture. Like I said, the spice is just magical.  A bottle of red recommended with the meal went perfectly with the liver. The head waiter didn't mind that we stayed for perhaps 4 hours over 2 courses? The owner had already bid us adieu after exclaiming "are you still here?!"   I've recently heard that both Seadogs and Underdogs (sister venues of The Dogs) are shutting. I sincerely hope this isn't the case for The Dogs. Long may it reign over all that is good and right with casual, yet indulgent, dining.  A perfect place for a group dinner, a date, or dinner-for-one.  The Dogs Danglies. (In fact, I wouldn't put it past them to serve those on a plate too. And I bet they'd be good.)
The wife and I had an absolutely delightful time at "The Dogs".  Great ambiance, wonderful services, very funny and engaging owner.  Mussels for an appetizer -- delightful.  I ordered the chicken on a bed of mashed potatoes, black pudding, and haggis, and it was delicious.  My wife had the salmon, also very good.  Veggies were perfect, dessert was simple (apple/rhubarb crumb on ice cream) yet filling.  The next day we met a woman who is a chef in Edinburgh and we mentioned The Dogs -- she laughed and said she loved the place and was going to eat dinner there that night!  One of my all time best restaurant visits.
I wasn't as blown away by the food as the other reviewers seem to be. I ordered the Rabbit and chorizo casserole with a bottle of Williams Red Ale.  The dish was unique. Simply platted but it was a combination of meats that I have never thought to try before. It was a good casserole, just not a 13 casserole. Similarly, the beer was a micro-brew with a unique flavor, but again I didn't think 5 was a reasonable price.  The waiter was attentive, and the atmosphere was the epitome of cozy. Overall, unique but costly.
H squared. That's what I was this morning. Hungry and hungover. After a night of bowling shenanigans and not having supper I woke up starving and hungover. I had made plans to meet a friend for lunch in the New Town and remembered this place.  I had read about it and noticed it had good reviews so I decided we should meet there.  My friend was struggling to find parking so I waited for her.  The server promptly brought me a jug of water which I immediately chugged (ahem, I was rather dehydrated). I sat around admiring the decor and the hipster vibe of the place. I had a look at the menu and saw blackpudding. I decided I'd have to blackpudding/bacon/haggis mash.  My friend chose the burger.  I really liked the presentation of our meals. I was definitely satisfied by my hash and my friend enjoyed her burger noting that she was pleased that it didn't come with a huge bun.  It was also super affordable. I'll be back for sure! Would like to try dinner out!
We passed by The Dogs looking for a place to eat and became curious after we saw the menu by the front door. We went to dinner at 5:30pm and did not have any problem with seating. We picked a really cute spot by the window but we were told that the spot is reserved at 7pm. Fair enough. We didn't need that much time anyway because after we got our food, we quickly demolished it as the food there is soooo amazing. It is one of the best restaurants I've been to in Edinburgh. I had lamb chops and my boyfriend had the flat iron steak. We were both so happy with our meals. The place is simple looking but it has a warm and cozy character. I enjoyed looking at the huge picture of a dog at the bar area. The price is reasonable. The service is pretty good. I highly recommend coming here. I know I'd definitely come back when I visit Edinburgh again.
Oh, how much do I love The Dogs? Too much, far, far too much! This is my favourite Edinburgh restaurant, and the one I keep coming back to.  So simple - everything is down to the high quality of the food and the stellar cooking. The menu is fairly short but always imagative, and creatively put together. The surroundings are casual, stylish - but you don't feel out of place in either a sparkly dress or your jeans. Or both. Why not?  I keep choosing the pork belly, as I just can't get enough of that melt-in-the-mouth tenderness. Last time I ate there (last week), the pork belly was served with skirlie and barley and kale stew. Utterly, utterly gorgeous. I think I made noises with every mouthful. The fish and seafood pie scoffed by my companion featured prawns the size of his fist.  Great winelist - again, short and to the point. This is just the perfect restaurant - and so well-priced. Incredible value for money for this quality of food. I adore this place!
Very impressed with The Dogs!   We had to wait a half hour for a table as it was heaving, but I guess that is a good indication of somewhere good & half an hour isnt long really on a Saturday Avo. We then got seated and served by a friendly waitress that even although it was busy, was still very polite and happy to serve. The chap that seemed to take the phone calls and organise the tables looked very flustered which was a tad off putting, but I think they are looking for additional staff and so i think that they struggled a little with how busy it was.  I ordered the asparagus, goats cheese barley risotto and it was tasty, also we had the seafood pie, which had a nice amout on salmon in it! We did not have anything to drink other than water, but it did have a very attractive wine menu!. I loved the theme of this establishment. I love dogs as it happens, but its quirky and just a little different, which I like & the quality of food in relation to the price we paid was very very good. Lunch cost is 13!  I would love to pop back at night sometime in the future, as I think it would be even better :)
I read about this restaurant and was so excited to try it, but think it has past its heyday.  First off, I am 29 year old from London. Just saying cause I hate when Yelp reviews are always older folks who can't take a night on the town.    The food here was okay and quite a bit pricey, but I have no problem with that. Think Scottish food with a little British touch on top. Not an experience in modern gastronomy, or even farm to table in my opinion, but it was edible.   The service on the other hand is why I have to give such a poor review. I saw a couple's night get ruined by this woman who worked there named Charlotte. Some Americans were sitting at the bar and being polite; she belittled and insulted them and treated them like crap. I was astonished. Later I asked her for some water when our waiter was busy and she snarled at me! Then, it happened again with this other woman. I tried to shield my clients from interacting with her!  Here is my advice. You'll pay a little more, the food will be okay, it might not feel you are in edinburgh, but be careful. It is kind of a you work for them as the patron place.   Good luck.
I booked a table at this restaurant last night based on the volume of high rated reviews. My expectations were therefore quite high but I left feeling rather disappointed and cringing that I oversold how good the place was to my date. Am I missing something?? Am I too picky?   I ordered steak, which I asked to be cooked Medium Well - now the chef might have taken the huff at my audacity of ordering steak over the "acceptable" Medium Rare, but what I received was an extremely tough, overcooked piece of beef with over-fried chips. My date ordered lamb, and while he ate it all, agreed it wasn't anything to write home about. One of my pet hates is having to order and pay for vegetables separately! Argh! For god's sake - I'm paying enough so just shove a bit of broccoli on the side of my plate please without charging me 6 bucks for a separate portion!  All in all, I thought the restaurant and food was 'ok' - the setting was comfortable and casual and the service fine. We did get some good 'banter' from the waiter but in all honesty I wouldn't say the experience was anything special. If I'm in control of venue choice I wouldn't rush to book again, however I'd happily eat there again if someone else does.
We have passed this place on the last 3/4 visits to Edinburgh and as it's merely a doorway in a busy street we never gave it time of day- oh how sorry we were that we'd never been before when we managed to get a table in November when we had our last break there.  This place had been featured in The Observer, Olive magazine and had been suggested via 'tripadvisor' pop up when we were researching and they all recommended it.  We hadn't booked and did think from previous reviews that there was very little chance of being sat down in a hurry but after a 5/8 min wait we were given a table recently vacated.  The place was packed with customers from all walks of life- a family with 2 young kids, an 'older' couple celebrating their Anniversary, a group of women on a girlie weekend break so you can see the appeal for this place.  We ordered the bread basket and a carafe of house white and service was prompt despite them being busy.  All the food looked scrumptious and it was hard to choose. The whole menu was so reasonably priced I'm not surprised it's so popular.  We eventually settled on the- Haggis,black pudding and bacon hash with fried duck egg Smoked fish kedgeree  The service was as quick as can be expected with a packed restaurant and gave us chance to take in the setting.  It's exceptionally quirky. The chairs are all mish/mash styles (with a church pew/bench at the back) and the artwork is easy on the eye yet individual. I just had to sample the toilets and the corridor /bathroom was done in the same quirky unique style.  The hash cake let me tell you was OMG! I'd stick my neck out and say it was the best thing I've eaten in Edinburgh- ever! My Mr enjoyed the kedgeree but was quite jealous he hadn't chosen the hash like me. There was large chunks of each black pudding/haggis/potato/bacon which was seasoned well and the delightful duck egg was divine- I almost struggled to finish the portion!  We weren't rushed out of the place or made to feel that we were taking up valuable space despite sitting after we were done eating. We did consider dessert but were stuffed!  The staff do an excellent job to maintain service when so busy and we will definitely recommend this place to everyone and visit again as soon as possible.
I just love The Dogs. I go there with Jason, I go there with friends, and I go there on my own when I'm shopping in town. If I worked nearby I'd be tempted to go every day.  We took my parents there for lunch on Sunday and every single meal was a success - from smoked haddock kedgeree to black pudding and haggis hash.   The food is always great, always interesting and always cheap. And it's a lovely venue, too - bright and comfortable. I wish I was there right now...
Nice casual ambiance, creative menu. I've tried at least 5 or 6 different vegetarian mains here (they change seasonally - usually there are a couple on at a time) and they have all been quite tasty. Lentil nut loaf and barley risotto were favorites.  We've always found the service to be fast and friendly. It's a popular place and fills up at peak times, but if you go early you can usually grab a table, at least for an hour or so.   No beer on tap - only bottles.
Ouaf ~ Ouaf. My first Yelp review after an amazing dinner at The Dogs in the historical Edinburgh. If you are looking for well-cooked and non-expensive gourmet Scottish/British food, that's the place you should visit and dine.  The atmosphere is great and the decoration was so funny and different. Atmosphere is very pleasant.  2 Main courses + 1 Starter + a bottle of wine = 48  I need to mention that I didn't like that although I had a reservation at 20:30 I had to wait for 15 minutes until I get sited.
Amazing lunch, great price. In an area where you can find overpriced tourist traps just a few streets away, this place is a gem nestled in the junk. Innovative and scrumptious, The Dogs takes some comfort foods and puts a spin on them that makes you glad you stopped in.
Located on the north side of the busy Princess, Rose, and George Street shops, The Dogs has a prime location for any hungry shopper looking for a sophisticated meal after browsing the streets of Edinburgh. It might also be the best bargain and value for money compared to your retail purchases!   The interior of The Dogs is simplistic but bold, spacious but cosy and makes for a great meal anytime of the day. Though at night as the light dims, you could find yourself in a candle light ball of warmth. This atmosphere doesn't have to be with a partner but can be enjoyed with any company (friends, family, anyone you enjoy spending time with and can share a great experience of The Dogs with).  Now to the food! Wow, the portion sizes are a podgey mans best friend! The flavours are intense and will make you have that moment of pulling all kinds of satisfying faces in the air while struggling to find words but replacing them with "mmm!", "omg!", "amazing". Here's some words to use when you find yourself in that moment:  "This is heaven in my mouth!"; "Where's my Bucket List!?"; "Can we stay here forever!?"; "I love you!..." (whether that be family, friends, partner, or even a colleague, boss, or client - It's all acceptable in that moment).  Personally I would recommend the Braised Beefs Shin and Cheek. This was unreal in tenderness and again the portion size was so generous. For the price, the ambiance, the friendly staff, and the excellent food, it felt like I had cheated someone. It was definitely a shock to the system to find and experience The Dogs.  If you are in Edinburgh's City Centre and find yourself growling for some food, I recommend you visit this hidden gem. It really is The Dogs bollocks! :)  Enjoy!
A Find!  A cool decoration concept (if you really like tongue in cheek and dogs), and the various bits of dog "art" are fun to look at as you walk up the stairs.  The food is Scottish comfort with a modern twist - and the portions are sharable!  Even the mac n cheese, which can be a danger zone outside of the US, is delish.  It was low-key and not too expensive for a great meal.  You are able to make a reservation, which I suggest on a weekend night.  We walked in at 8ish, and had to return 9:45 for our table.  We weren't rush, and they put pitchers of water at each table - very unusual in the UK.  Highly recommend!
Requested a Chef's choice meal - it was great!  We had the braised lardon and prune stuffed lamb heart for appetizer, and Albion fish casserole and skirlie and bacon stuffed pork belly - all were very delicious. For dessert the lemon posset was light and tasty - a perfect end to a wonderful meal.
We went here based on other Yelp reviews but had a mixed experience.   Food--of the three in our party, I enjoyed mine the most. They were out of the green curry on the menu so they whipped me up a spicy chicken dish served over rice. It was a hearty, spicy dish that hit the spot. I enjoyed it with a Scottish golden ale. The others in my party were less impressed. The steak was way over done and the oxtail casserole was good but not great. We skipped dessert.   Location was great--convenient, comfortable and a unique ambiance.   Service--waiter bordered on rude and deserted us towards the end of the meal.   I would probably give this another try, but a bit disappointed overall.
The Dogs is a great, solid go to restaurant in the new town. Always lovely of  an evening after work hours when the place is busy and full of buzzing conversation.  I especially love going here in the winter months; when the decor helps you feel cosy and the food comforts you from the inside out. A great place for a carafe of red wine while the nasty Scottish weather blows about outside the big New Town windows.  The food is modern, hearty fare with a nice take on Scottish produce. The menu is small but with enough choices for meat lovers and veggies alike and everything I have tasted as been delicious. The steak is a big favourite, served simply with garlic butter, large wedge fries and a grilled tomato.  Reservations are good to make on Thursday, Friday & Saturday evenings and it is great for taking out of town visitors before heading out on the town.
One of my most regular dining companions  has long been loudly extolling the virtues of simple food cooked well and railing against the excesses of Michelin style fine dining. For a while I would strongly combat his assertions and maintain that Edinburgh's best cooking still comes from the pass of Tom Kitchin or Martin Wishart. Now I'm not so sure. I find myself becoming dulled by the fussiness and self-indulgence of the fine-dining establishment. Like in films, the trends in eating often reflect wider societal themes.  With austerity and cutbacks echoing across the political zeitgeist the countries best chefs and restaurants often respond creatively.  One of our most respected and interesting restauranteurs David Ramsden opened The Dogs at the peak of the financial crisis in 2008 promising good quality ingredients cooked simply at an affordable price. I first ate at one of Ramsden's restaurants in the late 90s at 'Rogue' and it was clear that he was a man ahead of his time.  Stylish by today's standards it was simply too cosmopolitan, smart and forward thinking for Edinburgh in those days.  It would have worked and thrived in London. The Dogs is another well conceived idea, but crucially this time, with immaculate timing.  Popping in for a Saturday lunch, it was busy and humming with chatter.  The restaurant is a slightly idiosyncratic shape, with 2 separate dining rooms and almost everything within, from cushions to paintings, adorned by pictures of cute, four-legged friends.  Quickly seated by  Mr Ramsden himself who looks like a slightly intimidating Richard O'Brien, we were given excellent service throughout. Every table has a large jug of iced water awaiting the customer, top marks for value, a theme that would run through the meal all the way to the happy ending that was the very reasonable bill.  With 'nose to tail' cuts a speciality, I plumped for the 'devilled ox liver, onions, bacon and mushrooms on toast' (6.45).  It was simply superb.  Big chunks of perfectly cooked liver were complimented by the salty bacon and tangy, spicy sauce. The toast mopped up all the flavour as well as giving the dish a bit of much-needed body.  You could taste the quality of every ingredient and it really stood out as a perfect marriage of textures and taste. My partner had 'roasted squash, goat cheese and spring onion barley risotto' (6.45) which was a much more subtle taste combination  and very light. The dish was well-balanced, with the squash every bit as prominent as the potentially overpowering Goat's Cheese.  For dessert we shared an 'apple, shortbread and vanilla rice pudding' (4.75).  The light, vanilla infused rice pudding was covered in a shortbread crumble with some stewed and very flavoursome apples in the centre. The creaminess of the pudding was expertly offset by the sweetness of the apples. Another perfectly balanced dish, I wolfed through it with some gusto.  The standard of cooking is impressive.  Simple ideas done so well that it's only in analysing their excellence that the true culinary intelligence shines through.  At the end of the meal I told David Ramseden that my Liver was possibly the best dish I have had in 6 months.  He replied 'I'm glad you enjoyed it. Tell all your friends!'.  Go.
If this was my mum reviewing The Dogs it'd be getting 5 stars, I'm pretty sure she's its biggest fan. Me? I really like it, but not love.  I've been a couple of times before, and been turned away without a booking before too - which speaks volumes as to its popularity in Edinburgh. Last night though, despite it being a Sunday during the festival, we were lucky and secured a table for four after just turning up in hope. We were told we couldn't order food for 20 minutes, but drinks and bread were fine, and I'm fairly certain it was less than 20 mins when the waiter returned to take our order.  My dad was the only one to order a starter, their 'Big Fat' soup of the day - pork and vegetable. And my was it big and fat! It was so thick that it was more of a stew than a soup, and he commented that had he realised he wouldn't have ordered it - fearing he'd be too full for mains.  Sister had an amazing looking fish and chips (HUGE fish, and I stole a deliciously fluffy and crispy chip), mum had rabbit rissotto, dad had the Albion fish stew and I went for braised rabbit. The fish stew was entirely fish, no seafood, and as a result not only very filling but also rather samey - although admittedly very nice. My rabbit was okay, with the accompanying dauphinoise cake a particular highlight.  And then to puddings! Mum is a massive fan of the lemon posset, and it once again lived up to its reputation. Glorious. But the berry and apple tart dad and I ordered was more of a disappointment. The flavours were fine, and the aniseed custard was subtle. But it was so cold it was verging on frozen. Cold tart and cold custard? It just didn't work, and the freezing cold fruit was actually starting to irritate my teeth.  Alas too we were in the small room, and through no fault of The Dogs' were fighting to talk over the next table (Very loud Fringe types).  So, all in all The Dogs is still a good restaurant, and my mum probably still loves it, but it's not perfect and the fruit tart let down an otherwise pleasant meal.
A hidden gem! This place is so far from the touristy traps of the Royal Mile - it's refreshing. The decor is quaint and the waiters a bit cheeky. I was feeling a bit peckish whilst walking around Edinburgh and wasn't sure what I was in the mood for - so I Yelped, naturally. This place popped up on top - I read the reviews and walked over. I must have been early (around 7 pm) because I got a table right away. Patrons were a mix of tourists as well as locals.  Now for food - in a word - Excellent. I think I had some sweetbreads for appetizer, and a pork belly for main - both were fabulously prepared and hit all the umame spots on the palette. Beer and wine selection also seems really decent.   I didn't linger - it was more of a eat and run - but the place is definitely worth hanging out at just to people watch and perhaps nibble on some desert. A definite repeat next time I'm in Edinburgh.
I had the duck confit, which was nicely sized and delicious and was followed by the even more amazing rabbit. It was cooked well and the meat just fell off the bone. Really good service and excellent wine recommendation, try to Forge Mill red from South Africa. Good space and funky ambience.i hope to go back soon to try dessert.
Salt, salt, salt. Everything here needed salt! The fries were the only star dish we ordered. Crisp and piping hot. They had great flavor once I added a bit of salt. Cooking 101 is how to properly season with salt! The lamb broth was tasty once I added a bit of salt.  The chicken and tarragon pie was just okay. I wouldn't recommend it.  I'm not sure why everyone so highly recommends this place. I saw it highly spoken of on other trusted websites as well as yelp, but I wouldn't rave at all.  Service left a lot to be desired as well. He was cold and almost rolled his eyes when I asked him his opinion on a dish. Sorry, buddy, for taking up your precious time.
I love this place! The menu is great. Wholesome British meals, local and organic produce and sustainably sourced fish. There was also an excellent and varied choice for vegetarians. No mac and cheese in sight! I had a lovely vegetarian haggis pastry christmas log and a side of ginger roasted parsnips. I did not realise that my main dish also came with the nicest cooked root veg I have ever tasted so i was suitably stuffed and didnt even look at the puddings. My partner had the sea bass and, as someone who normally wolfs done their food he stated that the dinner deserved to be eaten slowly. A mighty compliment from him indeed.  We had a carafe of merlot along with our meal which was a nice option. Just the right amount of wine to consume on a school night. The staff were also super friendly and a nice touch was the jug of water without having to ask. The meal was very reasonably priced for such quality. If like me you love mans best friend then you too will also really appreciate the very cool decor. We will be back!
A very ambivalent dining experience. Expect awful service and decent food and you'll be fine.  If we'd gone with that expectation, we'd have given 4 stars.  However, as it was...  Overall:  2+, but not quite 3.  Food (4):  Some very good (stuffed pork belly; lemon posset); some lackluster (barley risotto, which was a bit under-cooked and simple). Portions are large, so we were full from splitting one appetizer and one main course, though we had to try the posset as well.  Ambience (4):  Trendy.  Slap some trendy prints and a few dog photos on the walls of an old house and, presto, trendy restaurant.  Eclectic "found furniture" sort of seating, mostly wooden chairs and benches.  The tables are somewhat packed in.  Acoustics are OK, but can get pretty loud with a full house.  Service (1.5):  Reservations, but no host.  We had to go find someone, who then waived us toward a table.  Our waiter was doing a constant (unintentional?) impersonation of James Carlin (who also would have sucked as a waiter).  He was full of snide comments for any questions about the menu.  Most things delivered to the table were practically dropped on it as he rushed past on his way to point snark at other tables.  We almost left before ordering.  He never stopped by to ask if everything was OK and generally seemed not to have time for us.  He was more civil toward the end of the meal, pulling the rating up to 1.5 stars for service.  Plus, we also decided to assume he just has one of those quasi-humorous, abrasive personalities... you know, the sort that's funny with friends, but that generally doesn't work well in a customer service job.  Yes, we all get it:  you're too cool for us and you really shouldn't have to put up with people like us.  Your abrasiveness is under-appreciated.  I understand when wait-staff are in the weeds.  We've seen many servers handle it very well (e.g., explaining up-front that they're very busy or under-staffed and apologizing for any delay or inconvenience; rushing between tables, but not at tables).  This was a different situation.  They were busy and handled it so poorly, I think the service would be just as bad on a slow night.  A table near us ordered a bottle of wine and it was brought out opened, in a wine cooling container, and plunked on the table before the server rushed away.  No checking the bottle, no opening table-side, no pouring.  Just plunk and go.  And that was a different server than ours, so the poor service doesn't seem limited to our server.  I don't think we'd go back or recommend it, though the food is pretty good and is a decent deal for the quality, especially if you share a dish.  We just don't like supporting places with such poor, arrogant service.
Went back to re visit The Dogs with a couple of friends and im delighted to say it it just as good as the first tme I visited. I still love all the quirky dog cushions, pictures etc. The meal I had wasnt the biggest ( opted for a burger and fries) but it was delicious and it is so cheap here, with a decent lunch dish for 6! So then I had to have ice cream , which you could tell was good quality ice cream, and a glass of red. This cool place is delight!
Loved the decor of the place and the food was pretty good. The hake fillet was beautifully cooked as were the ox cheeks. The mushroom risotto however was a bit lacking in seasoning and flavor.  The restaurant consists of a large beautiful sunny dining room and then a small back room with poor lighting where all the foreigners are seated. When we got to the restaurant there were plenty of tables available in the bright sunny area, and we also had reservations. The host seated us in the back room with 4 other tables operated by Americans. Later he seated a Russian couple in the room who actually complained that they wanted to sit in the other room. The host insisted that the room was only available for people who made reservations, but in the next 30 minutes or so the room had cleared out and there were plenty of tables available.  Although the food was good, I would not recommend this place to any fellow Americans as the seating segregation left a poor taste in my mouth.
I'm not really sure how to feel about The Dogs. Myself and my colleagues visited here just prior to Christmas for a little lunch. We had three courses and although I can't fault the absolutely delicious main I had of a beef burger with red onion jam and bacon (which was STUNNING), my dessert left quite a lot to be desired.   I ordered something which doesn't seem to be on the menu any more, but was a winter berry and toffee mess with marscapone. It was a pretty "ok" dessert, but what really brought it down was discovering that part of the packaging for the marscapone had made its way into my dessert.  The owner David was serving us and I let him know about this. He took it back to the kitchen without saying much of anything about it and I was left to sit a bit confused about whether I was getting a fresh dessert or we'd just be comped for that one. I had been a bit put off by that point so didn't really want a fresh dessert. He eventually reappeared with a new dish and I felt a bit of a tit having to refuse it. To his credit he did explain that the packing was perfectly harmless, but no one ever likes to find something they weren't expecting in their food.  We were sat in the back room of the Dogs and although there was an obvious theme running through (dogs, unsurprisingly!) and the mismatched chairs and pews were a nice touch, the decor has seen better days. Some might call it decor with character, but I felt it crossed the line a little into tired.  Speaking of character, the owner David's a bit of a character in himself and he may not be everyone's cup of tea as he's pretty plain spoken and can come across as stand-offish if he's serving you, but he's also one of The Dogs charms if you like a bit of banter and an honest, forthright business owner.  I probably wouldn't recommend The Dogs in a hurry, but may give them a second chance myself at some point.
We found th dogs via lonely planet. Looked like and interesting menu and they had vegetarian haggis ( we didn't wind up getting it but we went because we were curious).  First the food: just ok. Sort of a variant on heavy, meat and potato pub food. Satisfying and somewhat  hearty, but nothing earth shatteringly new or wonderful.   I had the pork shoulder pie- it is cooked in a small casserole dish- a stew o f pork shoulder with the standard carrots and what I think might have been butternut squash. It came terrifyingly hot and very watery- I was expecting the broth in the pie to be more saucy. It was rather bland, too- took lots of salt. Really kind of an average beef stew with pork instead- wound up mixing the potato crust in and then after about 15 minutes it cooled off enough to eat and resembled stew. Meh.  The steak was steak and ok. Standard. Kind of expensive for flat iron steak (7a cheap cut normally). The pea and bean soup was actually very good, we all thought. Nicely done.  Atmosphere: we ate early (5:00) and it is a big room on the second floor with a few too many tables in it. Bare decor, no music- one waitress and no bartender. Kind of weird.  Ok now for the 2 stars- they really mishandled an easily better handled situation when our server (who was nice enough otherwise) knocked in to my wife's hand and caused wine to spill all over her. No rushing to get bar towels or napkins, no apologies or offers for help- not even a visit from the owner or a formal apology (in fact, she had to ask to have her wine taken off the ticket). No offer for a free desert- really kind oft related us like it was our fault (at least that was our perception).   It seems as if someone there can cook- I just think they need to bolster their execution. Ok place but if you are searching for new or clever you might be let down.
Great hidden gem on Broughton street. Cool without being overly trendy and definately benefitting from its recent refit which added a bit more space without overhauling the look and feel of the bar. The food here is fantastic for the price. try the roast chicken salad. It takes a little longer to prepare but it's well worth the wait. The also do an impressive range of tequilas.
Funky bar where the staff wear loud Hawaiian shirts. It's in a basement (oh, yes) and so it can get very hot in the summer, and it gets extremely busy too, but the service is good. It has a huge brightly painted mural with characters who I guess are based on some of the regulars there.    It's pretty central, so if you've a loose couple of hours to spare before going to The Playhouse, it's well worth a visit.
one of my favorite bar/restaurants around- great laid back vibe,good mix of people, and refreshingly not studenty or too many yuppies.   the food is excellent and not too pricey and there is a small, though down the stairs, outside area with heating lamps- for smokers and having a drink outside.  the furniture is cool, service great- many hot bartenders.  loses a star for requiring said bartenders to wear hawaiian shirts
The Basement is brilliant little bar/restaurant situated in (you guessed it...) a basement at the top of Edinburgh's trendy Broughton Street.  The bar has an extensive range of drinks on offer: wine, beer, spirit and cocktail drinkers are all comfortably catered for. One of the reasons why I rate this place so highly is that it's one of very few bars to have my favourite beer, Bacchus Framboise, on draught. It's a lovely Belgian fruit beer with a subtle taste of raspberries served in an ice cold glass, I can't recommended it enough! If you're feeling in the mood for tequila, ask for a 'donkey' (the bar man will know what you're on about) it comes served with a slice of orange and it's meant to be sipped and enjoyed like a malt whisky, they have been known to be knocked back as well though!  The restaurant isn't the largest of spaces and the tables are quite close together, however this just adds to the sense of intimacy. The menu comprises of a decent selection of starters/light bites and more substantial mains. Everything is freshly prepared and the food ranges from traditional pub grub with a bit of a twist (merlot and rump pie or Grolsch battered sea bass) to classic Mexican dishes like burritos and nachos. The dessert menu is quite short, but the Banoffee pie is phenomenal and they do a selection of dessert based cocktails.  Food is served from 12pm until 10.30pm, seven days a week and you can book a table via the website.
The Basement Bar is like a schizophrenic restaurateur: it just can't decide what it wants to be.  You'll find Mexican dishes, pub grub esque steaks, posh eatery style monkfish wrapped in bacon all served in Hawaiian shirt clad waiters.    Somehow, even amongst this incomprehensible style, the Basement manages to be somewhere you can identify and relate to: it has a particular quirky style and serves decent food to match.  The mojitos here are great too alongside an admittedly deadly Breakfast Margherita (tequila, grapefruit and marmalade)  and complement an all round enjoyable dining experience. Nothing too pricey here too, a few drinks and a tasty main course should set you back under 17.  Yet another Broughton St showpiece.
Don't let the Hawaiian shirts fool you, this basement situated bar and restaurant is actually a Mexican themed establishment...I think? Well, whatever, I like the mix of banter and general good vibes you receive from this bar when you head down the stairs, and what I did approve of was that it was quite dark, but had just the right level of soft, glowing lighting, which is always flattering, and makes everyone look hot. (Note: Good for a successful date, as you don't have to worry about the horror of bright lights showing up any facial imperfections).  Anyway, I felt instantly chilled out and relaxed in here, like it was where I'd been hanging out for years, when in fact this was only the third time I'd thought of visiting The Basement in however many years of living in Edinburgh. Shame on me for being foolish and wasting my time in the same old, tired joints, because The Basement is ace. There's definitely an earthy, Aztec feel going on with the walls, quite like having a party in a cosy cave, and there's one of those neon beer bottle signs hanging up at the window, which I always approve of. There's also what looks like a couple of dentist's chairs from some kind of horror film, with a sort of steel spine that winds backwards, teamed with a table with a similar chain, tread idea going on underneath it. That was what our little group identified it as anyway, pretty much like some kind of art exhibit you can have drinks on, very cool.  Food was tasty too, my friend enjoyed his generous portion of steak and mashed potato, while I shared the simple but stomach pleasing nachos, cheese, salsa, jalapenos and sour cream dish. I'll definitely be coming back on a non-school night, when I can be more debaucherous and sample one of the tequilas or Mexican beers on offer.
It's probably a good thing I don't live massively close to this place, otherwise I'd end up spending far too much money and time here. I'm a sucker for tex-mex food, for starters, and the fact that they sell alcohol too is just an added bonus. This place reminds me of Under The Stairs on the edge of the Grassmarket, but with a more latino feel to it.  That said, the food here isn't cheap. As cool as this underground bar-eaterie may be, if I'm going to pay just under 10 for a main course I could go to loads of other more upmarket places; for a gatropub-style basement place it does seem a little steep. But, there's always a really nice relaxed atmosphere to this place, thanks to its largely twentysomething clientele, and that's something that you can't guarantee in a lot of other places.  Prices aside, I love this place.
Hidden away under the hustle and bustle of Broughton Street, another of Edinburgh's hidden treasures. It is a bar and restaurant, brilliantly retro and modern at the same time (paradoxically it works), found underground just in the nice area of Leith. The bar is a combination of traditional pub, serving a good range of beers, and then a more trendy wine bar, with some unusual cocktails being proffered.   The restaurant is great as well, but make sure you book, as it is tiny so fills up really quickly. There is tasty seafood on offer for the starters and the steaks, especially the rump are the best on the menu for the main courses. These come with a nice addition of hand cut herby chips and veg. Again for main courses the fish is also a wise choice, to be honest you won't be disappointed with much on the menu.  The prices are pretty reasonable and they do a lunch menu for 7.95. If you can get past the hideous shirts worn by the waiters then this is an often overlooked gem in the centre of town
This a great little place to eat. It's underground, but it's now pretty well known, regularly voted as one of Edinburgh's best eats and it's not hard to see why.  The service is really great - really friendly and chatty but also efficient. And the food was fantastic. I had a spicy pumpkin soup, which was nutty and earthy with hints of chilli and nutmeg. Really tasty. And really cheap too.  They also do cocktails and bad shirts. But we'll overlook the bad shirts because the rest of it is so great. It is a popular spot, so the restaurant tends to fill up very quickly, but it's a pretty good spot just to go for a drink.
Went to this place with a small group of family based on recommendations from Yelp. Was spot on to be honest. The place looks a bit plain, but the food was great and the range of drinks reasonable.  I would recommend this as a good bar to start the night or meet for a drink and some food after work.  Would definitely visit again!
What a nice surprise The Basement was.  I'm fast beginning to become a regular on Broughton Street for all its awesome bars, restaurants, bistros, pubs and coffee shops (see my Best of Broughton list!) and The Basement only makes this fondness increase.  It doesn't seem like much on the outside, and inside it's quite homely and not too 'stylish' in any particular way. Warm, darkly lit, and pleasant. Not one for the Ladies Who Lunch or Friday night cocktail drinkers. Instead, it's great for a good meal with friends, an after-work pint or three, somewhere for good food, good chat - yep, it's good!  The menu changes every day during the week, and at weekends there's more focus on mexican - YES! I love Mexican. Sadly, the boy doesn't. So a few times I've had a craving for a burrito and had to skip the Mexican restaurants. But here there's mexican AND other food. This makes me very happy.  Although on this occasion I stuck with the chicken tempura starter, whilst he had the soup. For a starter the portion was very generous! I was quite full after. And the girl next to us ordered bruschetta to start and it was also very hefty. For 4 I felt quite satisfied, and would happily eat one of their starters-instead-of-main again. The mains, however, did look and sound delicious. I'll be back to sample the burritos for sure.  The only thing, ONLY thing, I don't get - the shirts. Why?! Oversized hawaiian shirts in 80stastic colours. It didn't affect my experience at all, but did puzzle me slightly!  The waiting themselves were lovely, friendly, and felt genuinely welcoming. Despite the shirts. Props to them.  So, I really really liked Basement. It lacked all the pretention and pomp of its neighbours on George Street, the food was DAMN tasty, and its on my beloved Broughton. Methinks an afternoon burger followed by a coffee is next on the cards...
So good, we had to go back twice while there on a long weekend (which I am ashamed to say).  Good selection of beer, reasonable amount of seating and good crowd.
I first visited the Basement as a wee young thing back in 1996 when I first moved to Edinburgh. I still try to visit every time I am back in town. It's comforting how little it has changed in all that time: same dim, cosy atmosphere; comfort grub; good selection of drinks, and the staff still have to wear those garish aloha shirts.  Never change, Basement. I'll always love you.
I don't quite get the allure of this place.  I've been a few times, sometimes for drinks and sometimes for food, and each time I do, it's because I've forgotten that I just don't really like it here.  First, the food.  It's not bad, by any tastes, but it's not brilliant.  I'm a tough judge here because it serves Mexican food and I'm a Californian who grew up on the kind of burritos you dream about when you're away from them for too long.  Ok, that's a bit of an exaggeration and kind of makes me sound like a total weirdo but the point is that I have VERY high standards for Mexican food and the Basement has never really reached them.  I do recall ordering nachos here which went down a treat and which I would definitely give another chance if I found myself back here again.  The atmosphere is what just doesn't really sit with me.  It's dark, usually quite busy which makes getting to the bar a major pain, and generally feels unwelcoming.  I think this is just not my kind of bar - it's somewhere between a pub and a bar, I think, and I'm more of a laid back pub girl.  I don't like to have to fight my way to the bar or yell above the crowds.  I imagine this place would be much better mid week or if you were sure to have a table, but it's just not anywhere I would choose to go.
The Basement is one of my favourite Edinburgh gastro-pubs. The food has always been consistently good and the atmosphere relaxed and friendly.   On my latest visit I had the fish pie with boiled potatoes and salad followed by one of the best sticky toffee puddings I've ever had.   The fish pie was a very generous portion and came in at around 8.50. Packed full of salmon and topped with mashed potato, it filled a large hole and was delicious. The sticky toffee pudding was the size of a doorstop and drowned in pouring cream. YUM.   Other good bets on the menu are the burrito and steak pie. I've had the burrito and it's fab; the steak pie looks amazing too.   Highly recommended for an affordable meal, with an extensive drinks' menu to boot. Staff are decked out in Hawaiian shirts and are chatty and great for food recommendations.   There's also a bar which is frequently packed. I've only really eaten in the restaurant but it gets two thumbs up.   All in all, well worth a visit. Go go go!
Totally dont uunderstand this place........at all....!  Are you a Mexican restaurant....are you a pub......what are you? The food is ok - the wine is questionable for the price - ther service is ok.  Its just a bit pointless - great location going to waste in my opinion.
This was a dissapointment - we have visited here several timesover the last 3-4 years and it has indeed hardly changed - shame. I would've liked the see this bar maturing a bit. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the atmosphere and the weird corners nooks and crannies, I can even get the dim light (I think) but the restaurant part has always been a mystery (like its food) you never know what you may get / is available to order - what you do get is good cooked food - simple, harty fair. No wasted green garnishes. The mismatched cutlery is fun for the first time, cute-adorable even. But it is difficult to take them serious as a restaurant. - More a .. mm.. toko? Liking to a Mexican Road Cafe.   My next visit will be just for the bar.
Place is OK but I have to be honest I'm not gastro-pub's fan. Drinking a beer and smell of burgers all of the time, it isn't perfect match for me.... but if you like...
Funky lower level bar with decor that looks like it might've been the brainchild of H.R. Giger, but in reality is made of Caterpillar treads and the like. Not the most comfortable, but definitely good conversation starters!  Nice barstaff, decent prices, and a very good drinks selection. We had some nibbles as well and they were quite tasty. I'd certainly head back on one of our many trips to Edinburgh.
Another place having a laugh at 4.50 a pint. Not a bad change decor-wise though, apart from the unsightly breeze block-supported table.
Popped in for an impromptu dinner. Fab friendly service & delicious food at a great price. This was my second or third visit in the last few months and I think I've tried/tasted most of the menu. There's nothing there I don't like. Good food at a good price.
Great Mexican food! Lunchtime was quiet so go at that time if you don't like it too busy. Drinks were great and the service was too. Sarah is lovely!
i'd not been to the basement in over two years, so when drinks were planned and this was the place suggested i was curious to check it out again.  what i had been told was that it had finally been re-furbished so i was interested to see how it had changed and if it finally got the face lift it so desperately needed!!  how i remember the basement is a fairly good space, one half for dining and one half for drinks at the bar but very dark and very very loud.  on walking in on thursday night the first thing i noticed was how light it was!  complete change from before and all the furniture was brightly coloured as well which really gave the place a nice feel.  the bar area felt more spacious than before (that might be because i could see it better...) and there is even a small side room with space for about a dozen people that adds to the space.  i'm not sure if they did something to deal with the noise, but sitting in the small side room i definitely felt like this place wasn't as loud as it used to be.  so that's also a positive!  i'm not sure what the food menu is like as i was only there for drinks, but the drinks menu looks good.  they have a good choice of cocktails, with a focus on tequila based ones and a decent variety of beers.  the wine list is ok, a bit small for my liking but enough choice that i still found a red i wanted.  since i only had red wine i'm leaving my rating for the basement a bit on the low side until i go back to try out the food.  but from what i saw the other night this place definitely looks improved and hopefully my rating will go up once i've had a meal there :)
Large bar at Fountainbridge complex , serves good traditional food and usually has specials meal deals , very large selection of drinks and has good atmosphere given it's large size. Ample parking at complex if taking your car.
A good, honest pub serving good, honest food.  I visit this place on an almost weekly basis after church, and it does what it says on the tin.  Whilst the food might not be Michelin star standard, it is fast and satisfying.  The decor is fairly standard, and I'm not sure whether they actually do their own brewing on the premise.  Anyway, this place is great for a pre- or post-cinema beverage, or a quick burger.  I can highly recomment the 5 burger and a pint deal.  Bargain!
Sometimes if I am early for a movie, or after the movie is finished I might pop in here for a drink as it is located right next to Cineworld. It has a similar feel to a Wetherspoons pub, although as far as I am aware it isn't one. Big comfy chairs, cheapish drinks and cheap food. I haven't eaten here so can't comment on how the food tastes, but the menu is your typical pub food. Having seen food pass me by for other tables it does actually look quite good and good sized portions. It gets quite busy in here with people going for something to eat after work or before the cinema so I guess it must be quite good.  According to my friend who drinks ales they do a good selection, but I don't even know what an ale is so I can't comment. Overall its a good reliable, spacious bar for a cheap drink and some cheap grub before heading off to the overpriced cinema.
Quick burger before IMAX.  Nothing special but service was fine, drinks cold, and burger tasty. Beats the hell out of McDonalds or Burger King.  Took advantage of the ~five quid special of a drink and a beef burger.. beats paying ~twenty quid for stale popcorn at the cinema :)
Certain pubs are designed to meet a requirement, McCowans is one of them. The requirement I refer to is a meeting point before venturing to the cinema. In this respect it is ideal; decent food, reasonable beer/ales and quick enough service.  What it isn't is a pub I would want to spend an entire evening in. It feels a little soulless, perhaps due to a limitation of location, fountain park in many ways defining the feel...  Don't discount it, it is a good starting location (preferable to Nandos or Pizza Hut) but will likely never be more than that. It is a decent chain pub, serving a purpose and doing it well enough accept it at face value and enjoy your food and a quick drink.
As the saying goes, you get what you pay for, but at McCowans they ensure that you get every penny's worth.  The food is hardly award winning, but it's inexpensive, served hot (unless you asked for cold!), and fills the hole when needed; comparatively this is not too dissimilar to JD Wetherspoons.  They offer the usual selection of beers, lagers, wines and spirits; however, they also server tea and coffee, and maintain a very limited selection of real ale's, though I don't recommend getting too excited by that prospect.  The staff are friendly and well presented, and the premises kept clean.  They have a main bar and seating on the ground level and, as far as I'm aware, they show most major sporting matches on the TV.  They also have an upper level with additional seating and smaller bar that they open during busier periods, and outdoor seating for summer...though these are generally taken up by smokers and I don't really recommend sitting there if you aren't one.  My only complaint is that, on occasions, the music can suddenly become very loud.  Friday and Saturday evening's are the obvious times when this will happen, but I have sometime's found myself sitting to a quick drink with friends before a movie during a weekday afternoon to suddenly find I can't hear myself think, let alone have a conversation.
Great burgers and service. Definitely a fan and would go back if in the area again. Generous portion size and our burgers (chicken-cheese-bacon and the original stacker--two patties, rashers, and a fried egg) were tasty and fresh.
Just about what you would expect from a chain pub on an out-of-town entertainment complex, the bonus being the real ales are slightly better than the norm. Think Wetherspoons clone and you get the idea. Never expect the food to be anything other than microwaved fare and you won't be disappointed. It fills a gap in the market in an underserved area of town.
This is a Brewhouse and it is cheap. Don't let those 2 facts let you decide it is not worth a visit, as it it is well worth it.  They have real ales and Scottish fare on offer.  The pub is big, bright and airy. I always go here when meeting friends before a film or bowling. There are video gambling machines - that does always puts me off a bit.  I have not eaten here, but the food supplied looks simple and fresh.   I find the staff is very friendly, but could be a little more efficient.   There is no "wow factor" or unique character to this bar, but I don't think a place as this is actually going for that.   Good place to start for a evening out to the cinema, dinner etc..
I can only imagine the sheer number of Yelpers gasping at the four stars above. To them I say desist your food snobbery and listen up.  With the likes of the over-rated Fountain and the, for me, yet-to-experience-but-often-lauded Caley Sample Rooms in the near vicinity, you'd be forgiven for never trying McCowans. After all it is just some chain-menu, run of the mill, football showing, gastro average Joe.  But I would challenge that and say McCowans was an HONEST Joe.  In fairness McCowans doesn't try to be something it's not. It doesn't even claim to be something it's not. The food is nothing special, but it's nothing to be sniffed at either. This is the kind of place you can come along to, grab a seat on the deep leather couch in the corner and order a chicken burger, sausage and mash or a curry of the day for only 4.   And you know what you'll get? A half-decent gastro meal worth 4. No more, no less. That doesn't sound like much, but I'll bet after you step out of McCowans you'll feel like 4 commands a little more quality than you thought it did.  When you consider the number of wannabe quality gastro pubs, for example the infinitely underwhelming 1780 on Rose Street, who charge 6 for a starter and 11 a main, that leave you feeling robbed, questioning where the flavour was, where the ingredients were foraged, what jail their chef just got released from. Okay that last one's a bit harsh - the point is there are plenty of over-priced pubs with fancy menus and zero quality out there. And every one of them will have you appreciating exactly what McCowans is.  On top of that they brew their own beers, they have enough telly boxes to play more than one football match at a time, they have oodles of space to lounge, they're right beside a cinema, casino and bowling alley. And they have some of the friendliest, most consistently decent bar staff I've encountered. Honestly I defy you to get served by one of the bearded lads at the bar and NOT be engaged in conversation. Doing their job well.  If you're still in doubt, try the Joey Sunday Challenge:  When you've had a large weekend, you're feeling a bit tender and looking for something to make you feel a little better. Get on Cineworld online, get yourself tickets to a nice wee movie, and get yourself to McCowans an hour early for a pre-movie bite.  On Sundays McCowans not only offer full Sunday Roasts, but even more enticing are the Yorkshire Pudding Rolls. Choose from either Chicken, Gammon or Beef, and they place the meat in a giant Yorkshire, roll that badboy up like a wrap, chop it in half and serve it up with some roasties and a wee jug of gravy. Boom - enjoy your movie! Doctor couldn't prescribe anything better for a sensitive Sunday afternoon.  If that doesn't win you over try the desserts.... just wow!  And if even that fails, don't worry about it. At least you gave it a try.... **cough**snob**cough**!!
the food selection around the Cineworld complex in fountainbridge has two general themes: cheap and cheerful chain restaurants or slightly overpriced independent restaurants where the quality of food can vary.  so when needing a quick bit before seeing a movie, i'm quite happy to head to one of the chain restaurants and save myself a bit of money and know that i'll get decent food at a good price.    McCowans Brewhouse is a chain but their menu has a number of good options including a 2 main meals for 10 deal if you fancy any of the selected items on this menu.  as i had eaten a few hours previously, i was happy just to have a snack and ordered the cheesy nachos for everyone to share.  they were 4 for a decent sized portion of nachos with melted cheese, jalapenos, salsa, and sour cream and guacamole on the side.  my only compliant was that there just wasn't enough cheese for the amount of tortitlla chips and because of this about half the portion was left over.  so this place is definitely A-OK for pre or post movie food and definitely much better value than the independent restaurants that are nearby.
This is definitely more of a caf than a restaurant, as it's not open later on in the evenings and they mainly serve lighter eals like soups and quiches.  The first few times I walked past this place, I was a bit put off by the fact that every single table seemed to be occupied by old women. When a friend suggested we met for lunch there, I have to say I was a bit dubious. I was wrong though...  The food was absolutely gorgeous. Everything was authentic and home-made, but still presented beautifully on the plate when it came, and more importantly it was extremely tasty. I'd never really understood what people meant when they talked about food being 'lovingly prepared', but you can really taste, see and smell how much Annabelle's love serving up gorgeous home-cooked food.  Yes, the windows have lace curtains draped across them, and yes, there were quite a few older people in there. But they've got the right idea: if I still live in Edinburgh when I'm a pensioner, I'll be doing exactly the same thing.
'Restaurant' is a generous label for Annabelle's, it's really a caf, and a small one at that. Normally absolutely packed in the late morning / early afternoon by geriatrics, I can imagine this being a perfect place for a cup of tea and a good reminisce for them. Unfortunately, if you are not quite at bus pass age then you may find it a bit dull for your tastes. There is little atmosphere and it can be a bit uncomfortable when everyone else is a good 50 years older than you.  The food is good, but I honestly cannot see how they can justify the prices. There are the standard scones and cakes and all you could want for afternoon tea, as well as a few different sandwiches and pasties / quiches. But all of them are horribly overpriced. Maybe if you are a pensioner that has saved a bit of money and are happy to pay more for the better quality food (which cannot be argued), but seeing as Annabelle's is located right in studentville it seems they are alienating a lot of their potential customers.
This. Place. Is. Amazing. It claims to be Scotland's oldest pub, and it's easy to see why it's still in business since 1360.  This place is just far enough out of the city centre that you can justify spending a whole afternoon or evening there, but close enough that almost everyone you ask will know about it or have been at least once.  From the outside, it looks just like any given old man's pub, serving real ales and home-cooked food. Nothing surprising so far. But when you get inside the place has a surprisingly young and laid back crowd, with an atmosphere to match.  The food is way better than you'd expect in most pubs, although it is slightly pricer. For your money though, you get decent-sized portions and according to the menu certain ingredients like the sausages are sourced locally, so you can feel proud of yourself for helping out local farmers/butchers in the process of stuffing your face with bangers and mash.  I'm not a real ale drinker, in fact I'm about as far in the opposite direction as you can go, and there's definitely a good range of spirits and wines to cater for the likes of me. They stock ginger beer to go with my gin for a start, instead of watery ginger ale that a lot of places have.   But saving the best 'til last... they still have the original Victorian skittles alley out the back which you can hire out. Most pubs are doing well with a pool table or an it-box, but this definitely trumps a dartboard and I'd highly recommend it.
This is quintessential Scottish pub at it's best. It's amazing, there's no other way of putting it.  Edinburgh is a funny place, because although it is a huge city, you never actually feel like you're in a city. Probably because there's a great big bloody hill in the middle of it, but still. But if the city ever gets too much, I always go to the Sheep's Heid. It is about 25minutes from the city centre but you could be on a remote island in the middle of the North Sea.  It has such a great atmosphere, and has brilliant live music every week.
Have you wanted to get out of the City but you don't have a car and can't be bothered with buses?            Head towards the famous "hill" of Edinburgh, Arthurs Seat. You can climb it if you want- it does have spectacular views from the top and provides the feeling of self accomplishment. However you can also walk around it and head towards the village of Duddingston. There are a variety of routes to reach the village, either following the road , from which you will get to see Duddingston Loch, or under via the Innocent Cycle Path or even over Arthur's Seat.  Once you arrive at the village head towards the famous Sheep's Heid Inn- the "oldest public House of Scotland" (from 1360!). It was thought to be the stopping place for travellers and royalty going between Holyrood and Craigmillar Castle. Here you will find a good selection of beers and ales and other drinks (much needed after the walk) as well as food. The pub is like a treasure trove, with various memorabilia left from previous visitors-so take your time to have a look around(I surely did), as well as board games you are welcome to use.    There is also a cute beer garden in the back if you are lucky with the weather, and do not miss out on taking a look at the old skittle alley- ask a member of staff to let you in if you can't find it. Skittles is like an early form of bowling and the Inn is quite popular for it, so it is usually hard to book a slot. There is a large variety of food to choose from, from tourist favourites of haggis and other Scottish delicacies to lighter options. On Sunday's there is also a roast which tends to get quite popular (call to book in advance!) and around spring and the summer there are various barbeques and beer festivals (check their website for more details: http://www.sheepheid.co.uk/history.html). Prices are on the verge of affordable, but one is really visiting this place for its ambience. I always take visiting friends here as a sort of "outing".   Although the food can be quite stodgy and heavy I would highly recommend this place to any visitor or resident of Edinburgh who wants to let go of the city and get a feel of an "authentic" pub-a cosy place whatever the weather may be!
Not meaning to be a party pooper, I must say I'm slightly sceptical that this boozer has been going 650 years. I suppose though that since many of the Scotch seem to still live in the 14th century and spend much of their drunken lives harping on about the terrorist William Wallace that supposedly "wun us wur freedom ken", it's not entirely outwith the realms of possibility.   Pinch of salt or not, it's still incredibly old, incredibly traditional, and does provide an atmosphere that you would never, ever expect to find just a few miles away from the centre of a capital city. It's constant popularity suggests to me that even if it's not quite the age it claims to be, it will quite likely last to the big six five-o anyway.   Don't expect a bog standard old-man boozer either, serving up just sweetheart stout and the odd bag of nuts. There's a well stocked bar that coves pretty much every base, and a fairly extensive looking pub grub menu that I'm sure I'll get round to trying eventually.
After debating whether this pub was called the sheeps head OR the sheeps heed, a friend and I trekked past Arthur's seat to go find out! It's a beautiful walk up there in good weather, but definitely out of the way if one's situated in Edinburgh city centre.  It has the cosy feeling that many Edinburgh pubs have, but seemed much lighter, probably due to the sunny day and after ordering our drinks, we made our way to the back where there's a really pleasant outdoor seating area. There was a little drama over our orders, as not that many  bartenders are accustomed to mixing Guinness with coke!   The most surprising aspect of the trip was how large and modern the bathrooms our; they would do any hotel proud! If the Sheepsheid was a little bit closer, I'd probably visit more often!
I've always really enjoyed a trip to the Sheep Heid, especially after a walk up Arthur's Seat.  What is it about walking that makes you really want a beer? Is it a UK thing, or a Scottish thing?  Is it because you've just done something healthy, you must counteract it?   And man does that beer taste good after a long walk.  It makes me want to go walking this weekend so I can tuck into a few well deserved pints.    Anyway .... I have always really enjoyed coming here for pints.  The best bit, in my opinion, is in the summer when they have the BBQ on.  They even have amazing beer festivals here and when you combine beer festival with BBQ and sun, you have my perfect weekend.    My guy and I are house hunting at the moment and last weekend I looked at a house about 8 minutes walk from here.  My guy wasn't too keen on the house itself and I was like "but then we would live withing really really close walking distance to the Sheep Heid and the beer and the barbeque and the beer and the beer!!!"  He was not convinced that my argument was strong enough to buy a house there.  Pff.    The only downside is the tourist trade.  Dastardly tourists take up lots of space in this place, but at least they have good taste.
I had a cracking dinner here with work friends on a Thursday night, it oozes character with the flattering dark lighting, fireplaces, selection of board games and interesting multitude of 'dust gatherers' (my Mums phrase for general decorative faff) covering the walls. There are alot of animal heads hanging around to watch you enjoying your grub but I did feel sorry for whatever animal was killed and seem to have had only its butt and tail mounted for people to laugh at forever more.  I had Fidget Pie because I was reading Harry Potter at the time and the name appealed to me. It had delicious chunks of smoked gammon and apricots in it - delicious. My colleagues had warm salads which also looked scrumptious and really filling.I managed to squeeze in a slice of banoffe pie which was good but not great hence the 4 star rating.
It claims to be the oldest pub in Scotland.   It has a wooden skittle alley.   These are the two reasons I went searching for this pub. And as I walked past Arthur's Seat, admiring the view I was quite sceptical about this place, I heard it was great, I heard it had one of the best selections of ales in the city and even offered brilliant tasting food!   Imagine a pub offering great food!   And did these expectations all live up to the hype? Well, yes they did. The bar is quite traditional inside, with a warm, cosy atmosphere. The ales on offer were all very tempting, and were very reasonably priced. The food as well was not expensive, and the Sheep's Heid menu had an extensive menu for a traditional bar. The beer garden outside looked very nice, slightly too cold for me to use that day, but during the summer it must be great! It also has pub quizzes and live music most weeks!   The aura of being in Scotland's oldest pub adds to your own experience of visiting this place. Go on, step back in time and visit Scotland's oldest pub!
Let me go on the record. I love pubs and I love history. Put the two together and we have a winner. This for me is the case with the Sheep Heid Inn.   I first came here back in 2004 and I'm pleased to say very little has changed...as you'd insist with the oldest pub in Edinburgh.   As far as the visit on Sunday just past...I'm  happy to say that my order of a pint of Guinness and a white wine at 12.29pm was not effected by the barkeep until 12.30pm (take note Licensing, Customs & Excise inspectors!) and my wanting a table for three upstairs for lunch was warmly received even though I had not booked prior.   The staff were more than accommodating of us and of our young son and the meals, huge! I partook of the bean casserole with chorizo and crusty bread (totally yum-ola!) and my wife's steak & guest ale pie looked and wafted a treat...and according to the report back from the other side of the table, very tasty (& yes I did manage a cheeky taste of it and in my limited capacity, all ok from me too).  I'd love to bore you with the fantastic history of the pub (wars, deception, deal making, intrigue...and sheep husbandry) and of the village of Duddingston (all of the above) but I'll not put you through it. Suffice to say this pub is a hidden gem within Edinburgh located amongst beautiful surrounds and vista at the base of a (pretty magnificent) rock...superb!
As good of a pub as I've ever been in.  They cut food of a bit early and the staff could have been a bit nicer.  But I loved this place, we hiked all the way over after climbing arthurs seat.  It was the first time my wife understood WHY I love pub food, got to love that!
Ohhh contentious. I'm going against the grain here, as this place has a solid standard of 4 and 5 stars. And I did enjoy my time here. I just wasn't overwhelmed, and perhaps that could be because I'd heard *so* much hype.  The Sheep's Heid Inn is a little out of the way, on the other side of Arthur's Seat in Dudingston. So it was a pleasant 5 minute drive on a gorgeous sunny Sunday afternoon. The boy and I were both pretty pecking (read: starving) and a pub lunch was just what we needed.  The restaurant is upstairs, but as I had suspected it was busy and there was a waiting list. We added our names to the list and thus waited.  So it was a little cold in the pub downstairs. Being the oldest pub in Scotland means it is very traditional, and whilst this is charming in a crooked way, it also means there's hardly any windows to let that gorgeous sunshine come streaming in. It was actually warmer outside than in.   We also had to wait over an hour. Yes, I knew we were on a waiting list but I did ask at first 'how long is the expected wait?' and couldn't get a straight answer. If we'd been told over an hour we may have reconsidered. But instead we got a cryptic 'there are two tables of two ahead of you'. A hungry Jenny does not a happy Jenny make.  But some nuts, olives and guiness later and we were seated. The menu is quite varied for a traditional Scottish pub, and they have some lovely 'smallish' options, mains, and Scottish options. I changed my mind several times finally going for the sausage and mash (lamb and mint with mustard mash). The boy had the bean stew with chorizo after I suggested it.   And damn, I wish I had ordered it. It was absolutely delicious, hearty, spicy, full of veg, and the chorizo wasn't too fatty. My mash was a little dry and the sausages weren't *very* lamby, with no taste of mint. Also there was no veg served with them, just gravy. And I like veg. So I was quite underwhelmed by my main, but loved the other one.  Our starter also never arrived, it was just suddenly our mains. It wasn't listed on the bill either. So whilst I'd like to comment on the antipasto starter, it's a bit of a mystery.  The chocolate fudge cake was....well, anyone else who was born and bred in Scotland and has had at least one Sunday lunch in a traditional pub and ordered the 'chocolate fudge cake' or 'death by chocolate' as my family called it will know what to expect. Three layers of chocolate sponge, chocolate fudge sauce, heated up. Gooey, chocolately mess. It's not really my thing. I prefer the dainty french patiserries and a combination of flavours, so chocolate on top of chocolate is a bit meh. I have to say, as a cake connosieur, the sponge tasted very floury. But for those who like chocoaltechocolatechocolate I don't think you'll be disappointed. (I wanted the apple flan but was out-voted by my cake-sharing companion.)  So, overall, it does what it says on the tin. Oldest pub in Scotland, traditional pub grub, and it is *good* pub grub. The fish and chips and steak pie at the table beside us looked amazing. But I suppose as someone who loves a variety of differnet flavours, pub grub shouldn't be top of my list.   If you go and want to stay healthy, order the bean and chorizo stew. Avoid the chocolate cake. For an all out comfort food overload, the fish and chips and chocolate fudge cake will sort you out. Just take a sweater for downstairs and don't come when starving - or book ahead!
neat old pub! great place to bring a visitor to scotland, full of history and authenticity. Also fun to take a bike there (on a nice day) or a bus, which gives you a little tour of the south part of the city. It's a pub that gets you out of the hustle bustle for you to enjoy your pint.
I love this pub. Found in Duddingston Village, the walk around Arthur's Seat is good enough to warrant a few stars but the pub itself deserves the full 5. Claiming to be the oldest pub in Scotland (and dating from 1360 it probably is), the Sheep Heid retains a traditional pub atmosphere but manages to avoid the trap of alienating young people because of this. The clientle are a mix of young and old, and each are catered for in equal measure.  There is a good selection of guest ales, that rotate every so often, so you can always be guaranteed to have a new brew to wet your whistle. There is an excellent selection of Malt Whiskies, with different strengths and flavours to suit all palates.   And that's not all. Upstairs, the food is probably the best you can get in an Edinburgh pub. With their recently updated menu you can now add a duck and orange salad to the traditional steak pies, fidget pie and excellent burgers and fish and chips. The starters are much better than you would expect from normal pub food, with the best being the fish cakes and the salmon wrapped around cucumber. A starter and a main with a beer or two will cost you less than 20 a head which is pretty reasonable when you bear in mind the quality of the food.  And that's still not all; their beer garden is surrounded by the rest of the pub so you aren't distracted by outside noise when supping. On Wednesdays there is a pub quiz which is always good fun, and you can win about 30 to 50 depending on how many groups are taking part. As well as this they have the only remaining Victorian skittle alley, which can be rented out for parties and is a great way for a group to spend an evening. An extra incentive to come to what is already one of the best pubs in Edinburgh.  And that's all.
How have I not reviewed this yet?!?!  This is a strong contender for our favorite fish & chips in Edinburgh.  We park on the east side of Holyrood Park, follow Queen's Drive to the south, then walk down the hill path to Duddingston and you're right there at Sheep's Heid.  If you make that stroll, then you feel you've earned at least part of your supper.  ("Heed, pants, now!"  Does anyone else like "So I Married an Axe Murderer?  That's how you pronounce "heid.")    The haggis stack of mash, neeps and haggis was just perfect -- great seasonings & textures.  Fish & chips were crisp, hot and tasty.     Great atmosphere as well:  perfect place to bring those picky out of town guests looking for authentic.  Don't forget to bowl.
This is a well known and visited little pub.  The decor is kitschy, yet adds to the flavour.  The food is truly worth the price, and one can visit after hiking Arthur's Seat.  It is hard to get to for people who don't know the area via public transport, without a car, or the invalid.  That is a drawback.  But, recommended.  They have a great selection of whiskies.
I don't think that there is a more pleasant way to spend a (rare) sunny afternoon than hiking up Arthur's Seat and rewarding yourself with a proper pint and meal at the Sheep Heid Inn.  Is it dusty? Oh yes, yes it is. Is it musty? Absolutely.  But it's also the best pub to just sit, read, immerse yourself in your book and *feel* as if you've gone back a couple of centuries in time. Don't like that feel? Prefer noisy colours and loud techno music? Don't come here.  But if you like an old man's pub, the kind that you can imagine a crusty old sailor peg-legging into, well then, this is your spot.  I've gone there three times and each and every time the meals have been of a standard that I don't usually associate with pub-food. The burger was amazing (food coma), the fish and chips to die for, and the salmon scone is just lovely.  It's very difficult to describe the ambiance in this place, but let me put it this way: on a snowy night, when it's cold and I'm feeling a wee bit homesick, you'll know where to find me.  P.s. Why only 4 and not 5 stars? It's the dust, I know it comes with the ambiance, but I do get a bit sneezy!
*Squee!*  They redecorated! I was here on Sunday last and it was so absolutely gorgeous that I damned near tripped over the fireplace (yeah, fair warning).   The entire downstairs has been redone and now looks more like a fancy gastro-pub. No, no, don't cry! I promise there is still enough of ye olde Shepe Heid Inn in there. The carpet downstairs has a lovely little tartan in beige and white (it looked soft enough to pet) and the dust has been cleared and the air has been cleaned (thank you, on behalf of my asthma, thank you). Bathrooms repainted, walls have been redone, the wood's been cleaned and polished and there are candles on the tables. It looks so absolutely beautiful and slightly romantic that I'd be happy spend the majority of my evenings in there.   You know what, ... it kind of has that Christmassy atmosphere. You know the one? Where everything inside looks cosy and warm and inviting without Elfs having vomited Christmas cheer all over the damned place? (Sorry, sorry, couldn't control myself there).  I've not tried any of the drinks or food yet, but I'd be surprised if the standard's gone down. It just looks a lot fancier, and a lot ... more inviting now. Strangely enough.  Even though my supreme large reading chair (of Doom, yes) is gone, I can forgive them for the fact that they vacuumed. All-in-all, I shall be back!
This review is for the pub only. I haven't eaten at the restaurant.  I'd like to give 3.5 but if forced to round up or down, 3 stars it is. I went here with high expectations after having it built up for me by guidebooks and reviews, but it was just a pub to me. Lovely decor, and we managed to snag a couple of comfy chairs (although it was tight on a Sunday afternoon!), but the ale selection was not out of the ordinary, and the whole experience wasn't anything special. They do make lovely chips though.  I would like to go back to eat, and I'll probably stop in again the next time I'm walking to or from Craigmillar Castle. This is a perfectly nice pub -- just not amazing.
It's not easy to get to the Sheep's Heid Inn, which is hidden away on a side street in Duddingston Village just below Arthur's Seat.  It is, however, well worth the trip.  A lovely, quaint old pub (purportedly the oldest in Edinburgh), the Sheep's Heid still has the feel of an old village tavern.  There are a good number of ales on tap and a lovely outdoor patio in which to sit (when it is not raining).  Although highly recommended in guidebooks, it's off the beaten path enough to not be crowded by tourists.  And they have a barbecue on Sundays, which (at least the last time I was there) offered such things as ostrich!  Exciting!  This is a great place to spend a sunny afternoon after wandering around Holyrood Park.
A local pub and had food several times. It's a real favourite and was interested to see what an update to the decor was like. Glad to say its not lost any of its great original character. Food from lunch menu was top notch - simple stuff but really well done. Chips were as good as they can be. Will be going back soon.
I'd heard quite a bit about the Sheeps Heid Inn, mostly very positive, so it seemed like the natural place to stop after a day wandering the Lothian countryside.   The pub has a decent bar, but we were in to eat so grabbed a table in one if the dining areas.  We were served with a smile and chose the fish and chips and a goats cheese salad which arrived about 10 minutes later.  I have to say I thought the food was fairly average.  The fish seemed heavy with fat, and the goats cheese salad lacked imagination - a handful of green leaves with a lump of goat's cheese dumped on top.    Just a small improvement wih the food would see this place elevated to 'real gem' status and make it worth the trek out of town to visit.  On this evidence they've got a bit to go though so I'd pop in for a passing pint but there are better eateries closer to home.
This place is the perfect country pub - but you don't have to drive out to the country. Very cosy with great staff (though maybe a bit mental). Always got a couple great Real Ales. Good bar menu, we had the steak frites and the burger, both were great value for money. freshly ground coffees also, and we shared a chocolate brownie, BOOM! This is what pub lunches are all about, don't look anywhere else.  Also, don't forget, beer garden, beer festival, separate restaurant, child and dog friendly, skittle alley.... I HEART The Sheep Heid!!
I have come here several times now, and must say I really like it.  Having lived most of my life in the countryside, going to a cosy pub or cafe was the reward at the end of a long walk. Edinburgh is great at providing instant satisfaction, but sometimes it's nice to go through the ordeal of facing the elements, in exchange for a nice reward.   Most times I have been to the Sheep Heid Inn, I have really come face to face with the Scottish weather. To get to Duddington, one must walk around the foot of arthur's seat, a passage, a path that is often blasted with gail force winds which feel like continuous slaps across the face, made even more severe by the hail, drizzle, or whatever else Scotland feels like throwing at you. Aside from this, it's a pleasant walk. Arthur's seat is beautiful, and you will see the loch at Duddingston before actually reaching the village.  I advise you to walk a little around the cobblestone streets before entering the pub. There's a cute little church overlooking the loch, which is itself quite a stage to the spectacle of elegant swans. You may think you just stepped into Hogsmeade? Not so far off. Apparently this little village influenced even J.K.Rowling.  The pub prides itself in being the oldest in Scotland. Inside, it does feel a little more modern than one might expect, but it still retains a certain charm. Arriving after a wee walk in the cold is a massive relief. Though the quality of the drinks is great, they are a bit pricier here than elsewhere. I have had some good cider and gin and tonics here over the years, and came here for New Years eve for two years running. There's a skittles alley, a VERY difficult pub quiz, and a area reserved to dining upstairs.  I am yet to try the food, but it looks very good went put out on the plate!
This is such a cool place! Not only is it Edinburgh's oldest pub which makes it great in itself, but it is set in a lovely location, being in Duddingston Village and close to Arthurs Seat. It's good to go to on sunny or rainy days. I love the atmosphere in this pub. When I went I was able to grab a seat in the beer garden, before it became really busy, and was able enjoy the sun (yes sun in Edinburgh). Then myself and a friend went inside to have some good food. I don't think you're allowed to have food out in the beer garden, though there is a small balcony area upstairs where it looked like you can have food. There's a good mix of clientele from families to groups of friends out for a few drinks. They had a guy singing in the beer garden yesterday which was a nice touch. He did covers of what I consider to be chilled out songs which suited the atmosphere of the place.   There is also the skittles alley which I've yet to try, but I've heard great things about it so it's definitely on my list of things to do. Great pub!
It's good. Not world-beating but reliably good. It's a bit pricey and it can get very busy. It amounts to glitzed up gastro pub but the atmosphere is rather homey and lovely and its location makes it almost the only game in town. I really love the fish and chips and they do cater for vegetarians with more than just the usual suspects. My husband had the veg haggis with neeps and tatties and loved it. The draught beer is always excellent and the beer garden is nice in warmer weather. I love the skittles hall and generally the walk there after a trot around Dr Neill's Gardens or Holyrood Park is the perfect Sunday but you should book. It's super busy on a Sunday because everyone had the same idea.
Cruised Edinburgh last weekend and (thanks to yelp!) discovered the Sheep's Heid.   Between us, we had: Scallops  The goat cheese salad Veggie potato/squash cake Roast chicken  Everything was wonderful- the service was lovely, the food was delicious - we left stuffed and with big ole smiles on our faces!  Oh - but one note- don't even think about trying to walk there from the middle of town at night. Just take a cab....
Without question the best place in all of Scotland to get Haggis.  Period.  I liked to take a long walk over Arthur's Seat and then stroll in and have a nice filling lunch before making my way back home.  Being Edinburgh's oldest pub, this place is a must visit.
Somehow I've lived in Edinburgh for 8 years without ever venturing to The Sheep Heid Inn before, mostly because I don't have a car. However, this week, with the two siblings with whom I share a car back in Glasgow both being on holiday, I had unrestricted use of the Clio so it was brought through to Edinburgh and I've basically been driving everywhere to get some practice.  Yesterday we went for a lovely drive round Arthur's Seat and ended up in Duddingston. Finally making it here, after so many years, it seemed silly not to pop by The Sheep Heid for a drink.  Obviously, being the driver, I wasn't able to sample anything more exciting than a diet Pepsi, but my sister and boyfriend both opted for the more unusually named offers on draught - Mad Goose and Shark Bite (or something Shark anyway). The former was delicious - not too hoppy but with enough of a flavour to give it some body - but the latter was a little disappointing (or at least the small sip of it I had was). I love a cool, light and refreshing lager, but this Pilsner was a bit meh. Maybe the rest of the pint was better, as I didn't hear any complaints.  The inside was busy, as we'd arrived bang on teatime, but the outside courtyard is pleasant with wrought-iron tables and chairs and a covered area with comfier seats (useful when it started to rain!).  The interior looked very nice though, in keeping with its oldest pub in Scotland tag. On that, by the way, it's worth noting that whilst there has apparently been a pub of sorts on the premise since 1360, the present building is much newer (though still about 200 years old).  We didn't eat, but the food looked and smelled okay. I was a bit perplexed by the prices though - the starters and desserts were on the cheaper end (3/4) but the mains were distinctly averagely priced (9/11).  Maybe it deserves 4 stars, but it's hard to tell at the moment. They didn't have a great selection on draught (or at least, not a great selection of anything interesting) and whilst the inside is nice, it's nothing massively special when you consider other Scottish pubs in Edinburgh.  It is nice though, and would be treat to reward yourself with at the end of a walk or drive through the park. I'll be back I imagine (mostly cos I want to try the 19th century skittles alley!), but I won't be hurrying here.
Sheep Heid has location, location, location. Duddingston is a lovely wee part of Edinburgh, and for those on the tourist trail (and locals, who are not), The Sheep Heid Inn offers more than most. However, Sundays are mental crazy busy - too much for me. We took the parents here, and were crammed into a corner for Sunday lunch. The various meals we had... none of us really got that excited about them - lacking in flavour and generally just... meh. I wouldn't rush back to be honest, it's definitely for me, style over substance but perhaps on a quieter night I would have a different impression.
It's the oldest pub in Edinburgh! Definitely worth checking out!  It's kind of out of the way but it's definitely a nice way to treat oneself after a few hours on Arthur's Seat.  Honestly, we just went because we heard it was the oldest pub in Edinburgh/Scotland (?). We didn't try any food so I can't comment on that. The bartenders were friendly though!
Freshest fish and chips I've ever had! And the scallops with pea sauce were perfectly prepared.  Great place to stop after a climb to Arthur's Seat
If rock hard burned yet miraculously Undercooked potatoes, end cuts of a roast and ice cold veg is your thing then by all means waste your money and time sitting waiting 15 mins for your drink, and standing in queues for 20 mins when there's no servers at the hotplate. Honestly it'd take less effort and money to cook your own meal and you have more chance of it being hot too.
As with other branches of the chain I've patronised this does what it says on the tin  large portions for a decent price along with a fairly sensibly priced bar. The service was very good too. Where it seems to be missing a trick though, given it's location & the views to Fife, is not having a beer garden. Given its location there could be concerns about the clientele it might attract with that but it still seems worth a try.
Lucky my friend had a car and decided to eat here before our Cramond Beach walk.  This is my first time in a Toby Carvery ever.    The location near the beach and the fact that it is a huge family gathering style eatery makes it perfect for a family gathering and a nice walk at the beach to let the children run wild and burn some fat.    I have the barbecue chicken wings to start off.  Smothered in barbecue sauce, the wings were average and accompanied by a yogurt style dip.  We then proceeded to get the main roasts.  There was a queue but soon it was our turn.  I was a bit disappointed with the portion of the meat.  You get 4 to choose from - gammon, pork, beef & turkey.  You can either choose all 4 or choose a selection.  I chose everything except turkey.  The pork was dry but the other 2 were just OK.    Funnily enough I wasn't given extra of another since I opted out of the turkey.  My friend chose 2 so she got 2 miserable thin slices only.  You can take as much of the other extra as you want.  They consist of yorkshire pudding, pork crackling, stuffing, brocolli and cheese, mash, potatoes, peas, parsnips, carrots and a few more others.  They looked like they have been mass prepared so lack of quality.  Gravy station consists of beef, vegetarian option and another.  Horseradish sauce was the best amongst the sauces.  Waitresses were very friendly and helpful though.  Everyone working there were always smiling and no attitude.    Unfortunately, food is just average and just enough to make my stomach happy.  Nothing special to be honest.  Off to the beach to burn some fat!
Describes itself as a quality neighbourhood bistro, but this undersells it a little. Good food in comfortable setting.
We mostly use First Coast for work occasions like Christmas, someone leaving or a birthday. The food is excellent and they'll email or fax you their current menu so you can choose before you go. This can be really helpful if you're on a tight timescale. We all agree that the wine list is good and not too pricey. The food is well presented and just a little different from what you might find on a lunch menu in Dalry. I sometimes find the place a little cold, and I put that down to the stone walls.
This place always seemed like a little enigma to me, I couldn't work out what kind of place it was while passing. I decided to venture in on my lunch break to find out.  I think this place is supposed to be a British food restaurant, with most of the dishes centered round our main produced. But they do offer the odd continental dish.  I don't know what country my Spicy Pork Shoulder and Egg Noodles came from, but I know it was great! The meat was well cooked and very juicy and the noodles were firm.  The price was great too, 2 course meal for 11 at lunch. Bargin!
I can't believe First Coast hasn't been reviewed more. It's one of the best places to eat in Edinburgh!  With its nautical decor and lovely restaurant space, it stands out for the better on Dalry Road. The staff are friendly, attentive and although it's normally fairly busy, there's a relaxed atmosphere.  Their menu is impeccable and also slightly more unusual than some of the Scottish fayre you find served up in Scotland's capital. They do a great sirloin steak in here made with Aberdeen Angus, but there are also some more unusual options that you don't see on menu's often, such as Middle Eastern platters.  It is highly acclaimed by Edinburgh critics and with its veggie, Thai and other such exotic options, a very unusual and great dining experience. Not to be missed.
How is First Coast not review more???   Ok, so this is my favourite restaurant anywhere in the world and I've eaten here about ten times.  Basically everything here is good, you can trust the chef to sent you anything and it will be good.  I ate chicken liver for the first time here, anything with black pudding is good and if the have a steak special (fillet and red wine jus) then order it!    The menu changes week by week.  o and the smoke haddock chowder and the vanilla parfait were fantastic!
First Coast - another one on the list of the Yelp Eats offer this week. Visited here with a bunch of Yelpers to check out the menu - opting for the starter/main combo but secretly wishing for dessert too. It all looked so good!   The starter was North African aubergine on a flatbread with an egg salad. There was a delicious but overpowering garlic and herb dressing - so good, but I was a little nervous directing comments to anyone who hadn't partaken in the dish themselves. From there, I decided to fly against the common choice of coley and puy lentils (so jealous when I saw it being served up, massive fillets anda solid helping of lentils... what more can you ask for? Unless you went for the short ribs and were given the bone of a teenage cow) and went instead for the thai rice cakes in coconut milk. The cocnut milk was a thai curry style, with massive pieces of lemongrass and lime leaves floating through it. Definitely a good winter warmer! However, I felt the rice cakes themselves were rather bland - strange (not unappealing) consistency of breadcrumbed chewy rice and herb patties - and definitely didn't contribute anything to the otherwise colourful dish.   The restaurant itself is casual, and heaving. There were people coming through the doors constantly throughout the evening. I loved the pictures up around the walls, couldn't stop staring at them and kept getting distracted despite the entertaining conversations around me - the calmness of the nautical images kept drawing me back in. There were some long waits between courses, and i did think once we finished our main, oh lordy, it's going to be a while til the guys get their desserts - but the conversation kept us going. I guess that is the price you pay for good food and a frighteningly busy restaurant! Nonetheless, the staff were great and even apologised when they delivered my drink with my meal (I ordered late)... I hadn't even realised it hadn't appeared.   I also remained envious that I didn't go for dessert when it appeared, both compadres opted for the baked stuffed apple - apparently it tasted like Christmas - bah humbug! (why I didn't take them up on the offer to try it I don't know!). It's duly noted for future.   First Coast - good food, although I wouldn't try the rice cakes again - but I'll return to investigate further into the menu.
As the cold draws in and Winter is coming, one of my top priorities is to find comfort food of every description. I'll swap those morning runs and fruit salads for relaxi-pants till noon, mash, gravy and pies please.  First Coast serve far more than mash, gravy and pies but the food us merry bunch of yelpers were served last Wednesday as part of the Yelp Eats meal was certainly comforting, warm and hit the spot perfectly on a frosty evening.  I skipped the starter to leave room for my Coley Fillet with Lentils main. And just as well. That bad boy of a Coley fillet was EPIC. Have a look at my uploaded photo. I wish I'd used a coin to show the scale. The Godfather of Coley fillets. In fact I think 5 of us ordered it and there was a quick guessing game of whose was the biggest (Kerrin said mine, I said Emily's.) All of them were huge, and I have to say mine was deliciously cooked. Grilled with a lovely lemony flavour,but still melt in the mouth and so filling. The lentils were quite a simple accompaniment but anything more would have out-done the star of the plate.  The baked apple pudding was again simple and rustic but tasted like Christmas. This made me very happy. It was stuffed with dried fruits like raisins, sultanas and some nuts served with icecream and a little caramel sauce. I said I'd only have room for a bite. I think Kerrin managed a teeny bit before I demolished it.  The restaurant was packed when we arrived at 7pm on a Wednesday and somehow even busier when we left. Yet the staff remained every friendly, attentive and never flapped or seemed rushed. I liked that.  It was a bit odd that the starters came out really super quickly, then there was about a 40 minute wait for the mains. But good wine and good company meant this wasn't a problem - just a bit odd.  This is definitely a homely, hearty, comforting neighbourhood restaurant with some quite unusual mixture of offerings on the menu (moroccan inspired aubergine and egg salad flatbread, and chorizo with black pudding stew) alongside British favourites (beef rib with mash and gravy).  I liked that First Coast had its own vibe and stuck to it. I admit my favourite places for a Friday night post-work dinner are slightly more gastro-pubby or also serve cocktails etc. Gotta admit what you like. But if I were wanting somewhere to take the family for a good wintery family dinner out, First Coast would be an ideal spot.  I'm also looking forward to seeing how they switch up their menu for summer as I'm sure they'll do that brilliantly too.
Gutes Restaurant in Edinburgh. Wir hatten: Eine Erbsen-Ingwer-Basilikum-Suppe: Eine Wucht. Ich habe in sehr viel teureren Haubenlokalen schon schlechtere Suppen gehabt. Vorspeisensalat mit Thai-Dressing: Beim Salat kann man wenig falsch machen, aber das Dressing war wirklich gut.  Aberdeen Angus Sirloin-Steak: Perfekt gebraten, leider waren die Chips dazu nicht ganz durch.  Middle Eastern Platter: Geschmacklich sehr gut, nur war die Portion etwas klein. Die Bedienung war uerst zuvorkommend, auch die Weinauswahl war ansprechend. Mein Kritikpunkt: Ich wollte ursprnglich, wie auf dem Online-Men vermerkt, Haggis bestellen. Auf der Karte im Restaurant war es aber nicht mehr zu finden, war dann aber mit dem Steak auch sehr zufrieden.
Reading the other reviews, I wonder if I came on an off night?  Fully impressed with the menu, I came along for a Yelp Eats meal.  First Coast was quite full for a mid-week meal, and being located something off the beaten path I took this to be a good sign.  People definitely make a point of coming here.  Starving, I opted for a starter and a main.  That, and I saw the option for black pudding, chorizo and bean stew and thought it sounded fantastic.   Unfortunately, I was disappointed.  It was served up very plainly without even a garnish, and while the taste was fine, it wasn't any more than fine.  The black pudding wasn't whole as I'd pictured it but was fully incorporated into the stew so they could well have missed it out and, with so many other rich flavours, you wouldn't even know.  I normally love a chorizo and bean stew, but this particular combo was just a bit too salty and far too rich for my taste in a starter.    I chose the coley and lentils as my main (which, by the way came some 40 minutes after we finished our starters, which came out like a flash... very strange and inconsistant).  The coley was very generous and was cooked and seasoned well.  By "generous" I mean that the portion was massive.  It was disproportionaly massive, compared with the other main meal offerings on the menu.  The lentils were fine, but I focused my limited belly space in attempting to take down as much of the tasty fish as I could.    Beyond the food, the staff were brilliant.  Definitely some of the nicest wait staff I've come across here and that's saying a lot.  Even with a full restaurant and a number of large tables, they handled it all smoothly and professionally.  Overall, I don't see myself coming here again.  There are just too many nice places to eat in Edinburgh, and while the food was completely passable, it definitely didn't rock my world.
I am a fan of Scottish bistros. And I do love First Coast. The staff are always so friendly, the restaurant so warm and welcoming, the menu so varied. It's the foodie jewel in Dalry's crown and I know I will always get a good meal here.   If you go earlier in the evening you'll get a deal on two courses for 12 or something similar. I think three courses is in the 15 range. It's great value for money as the food is fresh, well-presented and tastes lovely. Food combinations are inventive and interesting; you're never quite sure what First Coast will deliver to you other than it will be really tasty.
I was a little scptical coming here, I wasnt really sure what to expect. I was in the end I have to say might impressed.  Friendly service with a good selection of beers to start with, I was happy to get a bottle of Joker IPA.  To the food, coley, parmesan & creme fraiche, baby potato & basil salad. Delicious. Well cooked fish, some nice texture in the dish and critically it was well seasoned.  Lovely local diner doing some great food. The menu is a little confusing, not sure what cuisine they are actually going for but its good and I will be back.
So, I did make another trip to First Coast and my conclusion is... it's nice, but I'm not overwhelmed, hence deduction of one star. On my second trip, the same issue I had taken from my first, was repeated once more. Service remains good, even when the restaurant is busy, but other parts of the business disappoint.   This time, we returned for the Scottish Menu, in celebration of St Andrews Day. The starter was a collection of treats including marag gheal (white pudding), venison (or vegetarian) haggis, cullen skink and grilled mussels with (scottish) cheddar. All in all, I thought the starter was a hit, with the highlight being the cullen skink. Everything was well flavoured and delicious.   For our mains, the boy had the beef and oyster pie. Turns out it was a singular oyster. For me, I had the kale and crowdie bridie - in effect, a cheese and kale pasty, delivered on a mustard sauce - the sauce was seriously mustardy and unpleasant - and given the bridie sat on said sauce, not much escaping it.   On the side, clapshot (swede and potato mash), burnt onions and stovies (lamb and potato). Obviously no lamb and potato for the dining vegetarian, and no replacement either, which I felt a little cheated over - after all, I still paid for my uneaten portion of stovies.   It's a small gripe, but extends a little further - the menu was printed without really paying attention to the vegetarians amongst us - the starter section didn't indicate it was a collection of starters (the boy only wanted soup... but did enjoy the overall selection) and didn't indicate any vegetarian alternatives. The mains, well to be honest, a pasty is a pasty, and I could have bought very similar out of a bakery for a fraction of the cost. The sides - well, I had clapshot and the onions, which was more of a garnish than anything else. The boy's pie looked very lonely, and his skirlie untouched (oats with added bacon in this case). Lamb stovies went down a little better.   Another gripe I have is timing. While I appreciate starters and mains appear to be freshly prepared, it takes a long time, especially on a busy night. The wait between starter and main reached painful proportions - I don't believe it shold take that long - but it felt that perhaps preparation didn't start til after we had finished our first course.   The medley of desserts - I didn't really feel there was much to say - echlefechan tart crust was rock hard, with flavours not to my taste; cranachan was pleasant enough. Clootie dumpling and sherry trifle - I just don't like either, and First Coast's version didn't convince me to change my mind.   So overall, I think First Coast has less promise than I hoped, downgraded as a result. Flickers of the good stuff are shown, but marred by inconsistency across courses.
We went here to have a Christmas night with a group.  Bar prices were ok but the barmaid was a bit ditsy with the order and kept asking what we ordered!  Food, "Meh I've experienced FAR better".  Don't come here if you like your food.  I won't be coming back.  it was edible but i could go the extra mile and it would be sensational!  I bit into a "sausage" and it wasn't appealing - the quality was water.  The mossaka was eh not a tad on my sister in laws which is proper greek and now I want some of her to make me feel better.  The Dj was shouty, very shouty with the microphone.  thank goodness for my hearing aids as i could turn down the shouty ness!!  Toilets were a sorry state.  With 2, yes 2 functions on the same floor you would think the priority was to have all toilets on working order.  with one out of order and toilet rolls at the sink getting wet.  it's a small space for ladies to washhands and dry them and try and get out.  I been here once before for a wedding reception and can't remember it being that bad.  I won't be recommending the food from now on, it would be shameful if i did.  The seating arrangements were comfortable and the dance floor was big enough, hence 2 stars.  Meh, I've defo experienced better - hence the early departure!
If you are a bride and groom to be, then you must admit that it's a jungle out there for wedding venues, all of them heading towards traditional virtues trying to understanding what it is the bridal party wants; then caters to their needs, be it for venue, transport, dress, food or otherwise?  The Quayside is conveniently situated almost right on Musselburgh beach, with a picturesque harbour opposite, small boats tied up...you get the picture, on sunny weekends or during festivals is packed with some type of private function. But with minimum competition; ok, perhaps a couple of places that might cater to similar style as this place nearby, I felt duty bound to find out if they were the best in the area, my luck was in early June.  The party I was invited to had actually won the entire wedding through a local Haddington newspaper. Well almost, they still have to iron out some creases, but hey when weddings cost as they certainly do, then it really pays to get this on. So thanks to the Courier as the organiser!  The decor inside the Quayside is dark wood, deep pile red-ish carpets, in and around the small bar downstairs, but past reception is their restaurant. Another bar upstairs on first floor and another on level 2. There is a lift for people that don't fancy or can't do the walk, but it's not that quick!  With adequate parking to the rear and side of the venue overlooking the harbour, it really pays to park as close to the venue as possible, especially as it rained heavily on the day in question, so it kind of ruined those precious wedding photos!  Wedding food was faultless but was it really that price(75each according to the Bride's father), but we did get champs upon reception. Red and White wine with the dinner, roast chicken and haggis tower was a treat, as was choco pudding and cream (in the shape of a heart). With all that booze flowing some of our party later on just wanted a cup of tea, so when I requested this, the staff couldn't have been more accommodating, so top marks for producing a pot or two when they didn't really have to!  Food booking drinks ambience were great, but you need three rules. 1. some ill placed seating meant my back was to the bridal table during speeches. To any future brides out there, save guests having a crick in the neck, check the table layout. 2. To make your perfect wedding even better, please get a band. 3. With reception closed well before 1am also make sure you prebook a taxi or this may incur a lengthy wait at the nearest taxi rank or bus stop.  Speaking of food, Quayside renamed their restaurant as the "World Buffet",(does exactly as is says). The name conjures up horrors of many a fast food joint. But with many foods available (and I did ask what they didn't produce) to which the answer was - no to fruit. But I ask you, after unlimited buffet food not many peeps will have room for fruit anyhow?  Requiring another visit to experience since I was there for a wedding so couldn't appreciate this mass buffet experience. My mission should I choose to accept it is to find out, but if  the wedding food was anything to go by, they'll probably be ok???  World Banq, musselburgh - One place many cuisines, all for 8.50, you try you decide?
No wonder this place is always busy, it really has one of the best views in the world. We took two teens here to eat and they loved it. The staff squeezed us in on condition that we vacated before the booking that was coming in later. It is a boutique hotel, I've only eaten here and if that's anything to go by I'm sure staying here would be great. As South Queensferry was a small fishing village, parking is really difficult. Be prepared to park and walk to the restaurant. Even if you don't want to eat, this is a nice place to go for a drink.
A pretty place for pricey drinks along the water.  They have a restaurant angle too, but I've just been for after-dinner drinks. The barstaff were a bit snotty when I asked for dark rum and then saw that they had my brand of choice, Sailor Jerry, and then was told that it wasn't "really a dark rum" and the girl tried to make me get something else.  Thankfully I'm not bullied about my booze! :p  Expensive and a bit out of place in Queensferry, but nice.
Having been back a handful of times since my first review, I'll give it a raise in starpoints.  I've been here with my boyfriend, with his parents, and with a whole slew of multi-generational family members!  I've had drinks and snacks and they've been served happily (and strongly) and they kept a rather large group of people's drinks straight and quickly served.   Whenever I'm in Queensferry, I really enjoy the Orocco Pier.
Orocco Pier is one of the swankier joints in town. Actually its really a hotel, but is known as a restaurant and bar venue.   Like its more humble friend down the road, The Boathouse, Orocco Pier's restaurant doesn't have the greatest vegetarian selection. It serves such appetising meals as a "roast suckling pig" (for a bargain 6.35). In the end I did settle for the gnocchi, which tasted nice, but was clearly geared toward people who liked to look at their food more than eat it. The restaurant tends to offer more fancy schmancy dishes like "crab linguine" or "sweet and sour duck leg" (okay maybe not fancy in China, but it is for South Queensferry). For all of these main dishes expect to pay a varied amount of somewhere between 7 and 15.  These dishes are presented a very lovely fashion. But I'm someone that tends to like big portions if I'm splashing out. Maybe I'm just a glutton and need to appreciate the aesthetic of food decoration more. But for now this isn't really my cup of tea.  I should add that like a lot of places in town, Orocco Pier does offer yet another fantastic view of the Forth and the Forth Bridges.
Great view, attentive staff, and may I say delightful choices from light fare to hearty meals. I went with a colleague of mine to celebrate independence day since I was on business travel that day. He had scallops and light fare while I had suckling pig, haggis dumplings, and mashed potatoes in a wonderful gravy like sauce. So delicious. The seafood looked and was reported as delicious and fresh. Desert, I had ice cream and sticky toffee. Huge portion of toffee, but was wonderful. No complaints here at all. Would go again in a heartbeat. Ambiance, service, and delicious food presented with class.
I hope to return to Orroco Pier quite soon and give it an upgrade to five star but as I only ate from lunch menu four will have to suffice this time.  This place has a lovely atmosphere and the decor is trendy and up to date, very much like the menu I suppose.  The fish cake my friend chose was delicious and the mushroom lasagne that I devoured was calarific with butter cheeses and other yummy ingredient , I always spy on other diners food and the burgers looked huge and very good too. We dined with a child and were given an extra plate and I found the waiter very attentive but not ott. Really liked this place will definitely be going back for dinner.
I hope to return to Orroco Pier quite soon and give it an upgrade to five star but as I only ate from lunch menu four will have to suffice this time.  This place has a lovely atmosphere and the decor is trendy and up to date, very much like the menu I suppose.  The fish cake my friend chose was delicious and the mushroom lasagne that I devoured was calarific with butter cheeses and other yummy ingredient , I always spy on other diners food and the burgers looked huge and very good too. We dined with a child and were given an extra plate and I found the waiter very attentive but not ott. Really liked this place will definitely be going back for dinner. Oh dear it's down graded the samphire restaurant disappointed with small portions, obviously reheated mash potatoes and over use of micro herbs on a steak, when we had made a point of questioning forth coming herbs on  the menu  - told the herbs ran lightly through the salad - not so - it ruined my husbands steak even though we pointed this out, don't like to complain, no reaction was forth coming. Fault of waitress? Chef? Us..? Sorry won't go back.
Where do I start with Orocco Pier?  Immaculately presented restaurant and a menu to die for!  Starter, main and dessert were all extremely well presented and delicious.  I find it is rare that a restaurant can serve really good pan fried scallops consistently but the chef here has got his technique nailed down!  My only three criticisms (and I hasten to add these are very very minor) are:  1.  The restaurant is a very busy place and can become quite crowded although this is usually the sign of a good restaurant.  It can make it difficult to book a table which takes advantage of the beautiful views.  2.  Being a steak fan I ordered a medium rare steak which in my opinion was under cooked on the outside and a bit over cooked on the inside for medium rare.  The steak was still very tasty though!  3.  We were not offered any condiments with the meal (although I am sure we could have had some if we had asked!).  All in all I would highly recommend it if you are a steak or a seafood fan!  Will certainly be returning!  Our server, Robbie, was extremely polite and attentive.  Well done!
Used to quite like the atmosphere in Orocco Pier. It was a semi-regular haunt for me on a visit to South Queensferry, what with the nice view and warm and cosy space complete with some couches and newspapers.   However, I hate to be a moan but on my last visit to this place on New Year's Day I was charged 5 for two mugs of tea. Originally they were meant to be presented to me in paper cups but I objected to the idea that I'd sit in at a restaurant and get served hot drinks in paper receptacles. The barman could tell I was peeved and offered to decant the cuppas into mugs. Upon discovering the 5 cost I almost didn't pay for them. I hate being ripped off!! I recognise it was New Year's Day, but come on guys. Five quid for two teabags and milk? It wasn't even table service - I had to sort out my teas at the bar. Grrr.  So, boo to the Orocco Pier. I won't be back. There are plenty other lovely places in South Queensferry that can take my money instead.
Not too familiar with Queensferry and after a quick Yelp consultation, I chose the bar/restaurant at the Orocco Pier hotel, to shelter from the storms outside. And what a good choice it was.  With ambient lighting, polished mahogany floors and a contemporary, stylish interior, it makes for a very comfortable and relaxing space. A large glass front and floor-to-ceiling windows at the back giving it brilliant natural lighting. Not to mention panoramic views out to the Forth and rail bridge!  The menu is a classic bistro type affair with a slight bias towards seafood. It's varied and has something for everyone.  The food is fresh, well cooked and tasty. It certainly warrants a strong three star rating.  The extra star, however, was earned by the staff. The service I received was some of the best I have experienced. Initially, one of my vegan companions ordered off the menu, essentially asking for a goats cheese dish without the cheese. Our waiter decided that it was not good enough and had the kitchen make up an alternative instead.  Initially, I ordered the prawn salad, billed on the menu as "Prawn salad with sun blushed tomato dressing" Despite crossing my mind, I failed to clarify whether or not this was essentially a Prawn Cocktail; something I don't eat. When it came, it was, essentially, a Prawn Cocktail. Explaining this to our server, it was returned to the kitchen with many apologies and replaced with a very tasty, customised dish of grilled prawns. Unexpectedly, we were then offered any drink of our choice 'on the house' as further apology. All of this, despite being in large part my own stupid fault, is certainly impressive service.  Overall, it's a beautiful spot for something (very reasonably priced as well) to eat or just have a drink and enjoy the views.
I have the impression about Orocco Pier that the views it affords customers makes up for many the the shortfall left by the supposedly arty platings of the various dishes served. The table service we experienced was friendly and pretty efficient but price-wise, particularly for drinks, I found it lacking in value for money.  The food was generally tasty enough although I've had better ravioli. It'll be a while before I think about going back.
This place never seems to be closed. Always open when u need them and great selection of toppings. Portions are huge and a full meal in itself. Great for a last minute cheap meal.
Baked Potatoes are saving me from an early fast food grave.  Mr Hot Potato have more fillings than you can imagine (some extremely questionable... pineapple?) but rest assured you'll be catered for however you like it. As Stephanie says it rarely costs you more than a fiver for a good wholesome meal that won't leave you bloated or hungry!
Stuart's review of Mr Hot Potato brought back some dark but recent memories for me. I've been to Mr Hot Potato, and out of curiosity I got ham and pineapple on my potato. It was fucking hideous.  Lesson learned, but I was asking for it I suppose, and on subsequent visits my chicken curry and boring old cheese taters have never been less than exemplary. All well under that magical five banger mark to boot.
It's thanks to my fellow Yelpers that I finally tried Mr Hot Potato.   It was nine thirty one night and I desperately needed something tasty and nutritious to soak up the cocktails I'd just consumed. After wandering the streets with my cocktail partner and turning up empty handed, I pulled out my iPhone, fired up the Yelp app and discovered... Mr Hot Potato was ten minutes away!  I'll be honest, each footstep to the take-away felt like a mile but when we finally arrived, we were greeted with a friendly smile and two baked potatoes that looked as big as the moon. From what I remember, they tasted pretty damn good too.
Oh no, the fridge is bare. These were my initial thoughts this nice Thursday evening. I may as well have jumped around my kitchen and hit myself over the head with a light bulb for the genius idea that then followed - That baked potato place always looks so tempting when I go past AND it is like 2 minutes up the road. A la Gordon Ramsay, Thursday night Dinner - DONE.  So I took a brief stroll up the road to arrive and decide on my baked potato delight! They have so many different fillings (they vary from cold to hot, and veggie to meaty) that I did actually change my mind from Spicy mixed beans with Chicken, to something else spicy, with chicken and peas, and beans and spinach with a lovely kick to it. Oh and some cheese, every baked 'tater' needs cheese.  The service wasn't great to say the least, but it was quick and I left carrying what was a decidedly heavy box. I was exciting to see what was inside, and when I got home I saw, a HUGE potato stacked full of yummy filling! I kid you not, it was such a satisfying tea, purely based on the size of it, and it was only four squid.   So I am now utterly stuffed! Very tasty, great value for money and so much better than picking up a chippie on the way home!
Odd to find this place unlisted on here but then as it had been closed for a good while (despite it apparently being somewhere you can't go wrong with by Bite magazine) a previous listing may have been culled. Either way it has reopened under new management and with a bit of a facelift so it starts with a clean slate. The redecoration has been well done & manages to maximise the views across The Forth to Fife. The same positive note, however, cannot be struck for the service in the bar. In mitigation I think I wandered in on possibly the first night of opening but none of the staff seemed to know whether they were serving at the bar, waiting on tables, stocking the bar, taking dinner bill payments from customers or what. Consequently the bar area became a bottle-neck, diners were heard to be complaining about a number of issues and getting a single pint took about ten minutes. The menu though looks inviting so I'll happily revisit in the Summer and see if things have calmed down. Having now revisited for the purpose of having dinner I can safely say that things in terms of service have improved & our waitress last night was very efficient. My companion & I both ordered steak from the (probably necessarily) limited evening menu and we both felt that the serving was slightly overpriced for the size but had no complaints about the cooking itself. The brioche bread & butter pudding was of ample size & moreish, if not exactly a summer dessert. Some work still to be done then but for the time being things seem to be adequate.
The Old Chain Pier is, in almost every respect, a really nice pub. Nice atmosphere, nicely kept beer, great location right on the Forth. It also hosts regular live music (and what I've heard has been good) and comedy (untested, as yet) all of which is manna from heaven in Newhaven.  The inside's really tasteful, avoiding the predictable nauticalia in favour of a clean, warm modern feel. Sitting at the large Forth-facing windows, looking out toward Fife is really relaxing, particularly in the bright, airy conservatory. The friendly staff seem quite happy for you to sit nursing a coffee for as long as you like too, which is good.  So far, so four-star. The Old Chain Pier only loses out because it makes such a feature of its food, which is less than stellar. The bone dry, under-seasoned venison burger, and 'roast vegetable and haloumi cassoulet' (consisting of under-cooked red pepper and flageolet beans swimming in a garlicky tomato sauce) were both serious disappointments. Most other diners were eating the fish and chips, which looked a lot better and led me to suspect that's really what the place is about. Next time, maybe.
For many years, The Old Chain Pier has been a favourite of my parents and they always want to pay a visit when they come to stay. It has to be said that it has massively improved since it reopened in Spring 2012. The paned windows in the main bar area have been removed and replaced with picture windows to give you a less interrupted view of the magnificent view over the Firth of Forth, the water lapping at the base of the building. The food is better too.  I have to say that my falafel and haloumi burger wasn't very substantial or inspiring, but my parents loved their steak pie (despite saying they could have done with some extra gravy). The desserts were more successful though. My mum loved her banana and hazelnut pancakes, the apple crumble got my day's seal of approval and my white chocolate and baillies cheesecake mousse was sublime. The young guy waiting on us was really attentive and very friendly, and coped tremendously considering the place was so packed. The food, in fact, was delivered superhumanly quickly, all the more impressive considering this was a Friday night and every table was in use. Although we weren't lucky to see any on the night in question, on previous occasions we've been there when there has been live music. The husband and wife folk duo we saw last time were great.  The conservatory and mezz area can be hired out for free. I'd definitely consider using it as a venue for a get-together.
I was introduced to this place for the first time last month and I have been back three times already. Yes, I love it.   The bar staff, Callum and Lisa (I think) have always been friendly and welcoming.   The location is fab with a breathtaking view over the Firth of Forth. I have sat at the same table each time and it almost feels like you are floating on water. (Or maybe it was just the copious amounts of drink we consumed).  We have always gone on a week day and the place is reasonably busy without being too crowded. You are best to book beforehand if you are wanting to dine on a Friday or the weekends as I am told it is hard to get a table in the evenings.   The fish and chips was recommended to me on my first visit and I have had it thrice now. It is probably the best fish and chips I have had in a while. Thin and crispy batter, delicious, fresh fish. Yum!! I also tried the spicy chicken nachos on my last visit which one of my pals ordered and it was very tasty. I didn't taste the Vegetarian risotto with goats cheese that my other pal ordered but she said was delicious. The portion size however, was tiny.   For dessert, we ordered the Banana and Hazelnut pancakes to share which was plate lickingly scrumptious.   They have a great selection of ales that I am keen to try. The wine list is not exhaustive but satisfactory and reasonably priced.  I am not too eager to try other things on the menu after reading the not so favourable reviews of the fare on here.   Then again, with Fish and Chips that good, I doubt if anything else on the menu will tempt me enough to cheat on my new found love.
I really like this place.   It has a great view of the water, and I would totally describe this as a gastro pub.  They had a delicious crab appetizer on parmesan crisps, and their soup of the day was a butternut squash with parmesan.  I think I died and went to heaven.  It was delicious.  Much of the rest of my trip was spent dreaming about their butternut squash soup.  The staff is also really nice.  Recommended.
A splendid wee place with lovely views (it hangs out over the beach at Newhaven), and consistent gastro-pub fare. Very family friendly and they pull a decent pint. The soups, the nachos, the fish and chips and the fish pie are always winners. Perfect after a stroll through Leith or along the Granton breakwater.
I used to live near here and spent many, many a wonderful night here! Great place-good mix of customers and fantastic staff!
This is a great, cosy little pub in Haymarket which offers a great ambiance and friendly service with reasonably priced drinks.  From the outside I thought it looked a bit like an old man pub with elderly clientele smoking the doorway, but inside there's a good mix of customers.  The interior decor feels really relaxing and there's plenty of comfortable seating to chill out in with friends.  There's wood just about everywhere, yet it's not overwhelming and just contributes an almost rustic environment.   The staff are efficient, chatty and seem to have a great relationship with the locals.  The drinks are well priced with most pints costing no more than 3, and they have an outstanding range of real ales and spirits.  For a relaxing pub experience this is the place.
The pub is great but where it really wins is the food - there's a little Italian restaurant upstairs - really reasonable and Nino and his staff really look after you. A great selection - quite basic but very tasty.
Not a bad pub, but tends to attract a strange clientele mix.   Conveniently located out the front of Haymarket train station it has it's fair share of travellers and backpackers biding their time before their train comes along as well as those long time locals who come hail, rain or shine to prop up the bar ensuring it doesn't fall over.  All the usual tipple available and the staff are friendly-ish. Not massive in size so be prepared to share a table with said locals or Hans and Helga from Dusseldorf.
Surprisingly delicious (and inexpensive) dinner at the brasserie on the second floor here. The prix fixe menu is 8.95 for a three course meal that is both filling and delicious. I wouldn't hesitate to go back or recommend it to someone looking for something other than pub food on the cheap in Edinburgh.
One my one visit what did I see: a million football fans celebrating their team's win; a narrow defeat for my national rugby side in the presence of a national from the opposing side; a heaving bar with an efficient and relaxed bar staff; lots of singing (from the football fans).  I see from the other reviews here that the food is well thought of, so I shall take the time to check this out one day. I could also see, through the massed ranks of sports fans waiting for their train home from the nearby Haymarket station, that on a quieter evening this is most likely an attractive place to spend an hour or two. The Haymarket junction has been ripped up and put back together several times recently as they develop the tram works: hopefully they haven't suffered too badly and have a more stable future ahead of them.
The bar that survived the tramworks at Haymarket station!   Yes, it's a good old fashioned real ale pub, but it also feels modern. It's perfectly located within walking distance from the station, or staggering distance to the station, depending on which way you look at it.  You walk in, and it's bright and clean, yet still kind of snug enough to feel old school. Walk up to the bar and you're hit with a flood of options on tap. There's well over 10 lagers and beers on draft, and as far as I could see as I observed (for research purposes, obviously) you get the correct branded glass for whatever drink you order, which makes me geek out a little.  I ordered a pint of Deuchars, which is my personal favourite tipple, and it was cold, fresh and went down a treat having just came off a train. Yes, with the trains being close by, you can top up yourself if you're in danger of dehydrating and/or sobering up...  Because of it's location, I sometimes overlook Ryrie's on my travels, which is a shame, I really should make more visits here... and so should you!
A bar that's probably had a couple of facelifts since I was last in it but which retains the charm it's always had. The number of seats has I reckon increased somewhat and they're happy enough to show two different football matches on the tvs in the bar area so it's a good option for European match nights.  Now serving pints of Alechemy for 3.
Love it! Been a few times and has to be my favourite restaurant to date in Edinburgh.
Decadent, decadent decadent. 2 peacocks, more decadence, champagne, even more decadence. It really is the place to go if you want to feel like the king and queen of Scotland. Amazing, period interior, gorgeous grounds and views on the outside, impeccable service and food. It can't be faulted.  Even if you go for the light lunch at a very reasonable 16.95 or fork out for a bottle of the 2000 wine (which although tempted, I managed to resist), you will still emotionally be charmed and satisfied by the absolute fabulousness of the environment. You just can't help being seduced the minute you set eyes on the grand entrance, then throughout the culinary dream of your lunch or dinner all the way through to being chaperoned to your taxi, already awaiting your royal exit.  I will no doubt be back soon to experience the wine list once again flick past the over-indulgent two grand wine and settle for a more modest Pinot or Chardonnay.
Oh goodness.   After our disappointing birthday meal at Ondine, the boy and I decided to give that celebration thing one more try and made a reservation at Rhubarb for afternoon tea. If the food was bad, at least we'd be at a 17th century manor with peacocks.   Luckily, the food wasn't bad, not by a long shot. Delicate sandwiches, flaky scones with thick, decadent clotted cream and tangy raspberry jam, dainty strawberry tarts and double chocolate eclairs and a wide selection of black, green and herbal teas ensure that there's something here for everyone's tastes.   The food was the least of the experience, though, and that should say soemthing. From our arrival we were greeted by a cheerful doorman in a swank black kilt, and whisked upstairs to the tapestry room, where we sank into an antique sofa and took in the gorgeous furnishings. Prestonfield is just as beautiful, decadent, and opulent as it appears in the photos, and the rich history here is palpable. Yes, there are peacocks, and pheasants, and Highland cows in a pasture by the drive.   The house is gorgeous. The grounds are gorgeous. The food is incredible and the service is impeccable. We spent nearly four hours over our tea, and were never rushed, and rolled down the circular drive completely sated, physically, visually and sensationally. Rhubarb, you have my heart.
After reading a bunch of bad reviews on various sites, all complaining about a catastrophic service in terms of timing and attitude, my expectations were set on a level where I was expecting to be overwhelmed by cockiness.   Instead, the service was exceptional, both in terms of timing and attitude. In fact, the politeness of the staff was at such an aristocratic level that combined with the decoration of the restaurant, you can't help but feel as a commoner in middle ages.  Anyways, the food is above decent but not exceptional. The chef is obviously fusion influenced, but not in a relaxed way, i.e. he/she is trying "too hard" to mix salty/sweet/sour. Still, the atmosphere, especially dim lighting somehow boosts the quality perception of the food.  Bear in mind that I went around 18:00 so the service was just starting so my experience might be unrepresentative.
This was a huge disappointment. Rhubarb has a large reputation. The atmosphere was one of the nicest I've ever experienced. The servings were ultra small. They were small for the purpose of being elitist. The fish was overcooked. We returned it and the next one also came out overcooked. This restaurant definitely places form over substance. Too bad, it could easily have been a 5 star restaurant. All they needed to do was stop trying to act so special and actually make the food taste great. Big disappointment.
I am a huge fan of the original Tempe location of the CPC so was very happy to hear a while back that they were opening closer to Chandler in Mesa.  We arrived 2 hours after they opened and although some work was clearly still being done the service was as friendly and quick as ever.  The pasties were the same delicious taste of home that i have become addicted to and like the Tempe restaurant they have a great selection of beers.  The CPC is a breath of fresh air in an area full of chain restaurants and so I will be back for more pasties and beer for sure!  P.S This location has great outdoor seating for lazing the day away over a few beers with mates.
Liked the Tempe location but like this one better. I went there for the first time last night and it was refreshing having a more open atmosphere and the choice for outdoor seating. As usual service was awesome, beer was awesome, and food was awesome. I left very contented.
I lurve me some Cornish Pasty Company (see previous Yelp) and new location doesn't let you down.  Food & Service as great as ever and considering they had only been open for a couple of hours when I got there, everything was spot on.   I think I may enjoy this location better because of the look of it, definitely more open, bright and airy with great benches and long tables to accommodate you and about 6 other pals at a time.   Oh dear, I've done it again.  Yelped about cornish pasties and now REALLY want one for lunch...must resist.
alright haters, sometimes good things come out of mesa (including yours truly). true, it is a rare and beautiful occurrence when the stars align and "cool" and "mesa" can be used together in the same sentence. this is one of those times: 1. same delicious pasties as you know and love in tempe; 2. except this location has a FULL bar; 3. same $3 irish car bombs you know and love; 4. plus an AMAZING juke box that is FREE (like shady's awesome!); 5. bigger restaurant means even when you belly up, your makeup won't melt off when they open the oven doors; 6. sizable patio that you you can drink on; 7. open late for eating and drinking on the weekends; 8. hooks under the bar to hang your purse on (boys, you may laugh at this, but the floor versus lap dilemma really bums a girl out);   and there you have it: 8.2 reasons to venture to mesa (i mean, it's like barely mesa, right on the border). so suck it up and check it out!
I almost felt underdressed walking into the Mesa location of one of my very favorite eateries. Being used the to hot, crowded, loud Tempe location, hubski and I showed up in our jeans and ratty we-were-thinking-about-going-to-bed-but-decided-to-go-Cornish-style-instead shirts.  In this location, the owners had a little- ok a lot- more space to be creative. The seats are church pews. There are candles in wine bottles. I won't ruin everything for you, but just look closely at the tables.  Although the space is larger, the decor helps to maintain the cozy comfortable quality we love about Cornish-Tempe.  I ordered the Spicy Asiago Chicken- veggie style. Hubski got the veggie tikka masala. They were both delicious, as always. We went back with a friend a couple of nights later and ordered the caramel apple pasty and the banoffee pie. They were out of bananas so they substituted strawberries. It was tasty, but bananas really belong to that confection. The apple caramel pasty was PMS-licious!  We love this place and we'll be back soon... maybe tonight!  Oh- and a shoutout to Lindsay B.- no trans fats in sight!
3.5  Very cool place to hang out and drink beer for sure.....5 out of 5 for that  The food was just OK though.  I got the peppersteak pastry .... the meat was kind of chewy and low grade,  however the pastry and peppercorn brandy sauce were good.    I'd go back and try something else in the future and maybe bump up my score.  Juke box is full of good music!  Thats a bonus.
4.5 stars (I've never met a place that I'd give 5 stars to as "the best i've ever had")  Very cool place.  I read about this in the newspaper and then heard nothing but great reviews.  After a night out with friends we decided (I convinced) that we should check it out for dessert.  I heard about the PB&J pasty so I wanted to try.  We showed up at 10pm on a Friday and the seating was ample for our group of 8.  The chairs are church pews and the decoration/ambience is really, really well done.    The staff is extremely nice and helpful (and fast).  We had a few Banoffee (which although sounds like coffeee, has nothing of the sort in it) and PB&J desserts which were great.  Admittedly the PB&J was really, really sweet.  But I still ate it all.  I can't wait to come back for their other food for lunch/dinner.  I was recommended to try the Royale with Cheese pasty upon return (an homage to Pulp Fiction, of course).  Try this place out!  I don't drink, but looked like a great hang-out if you do.
Why haven't I gone to Cornish Pasty Co until now? This was the question that continued to plague me as I enjoy my two dollar Jameson shot (yep, the happy hour straight shot deal isn't just well) and then followed it up with Dogfish 90 Minute IPA while I waited for my veggie Greek pasty to arrive at my table.   The location is great, very visible for those not familiar with Mesa, you literally cannot miss it on the corner of the strip mall.   They were completing two big outside benches/tables on Saturday as we arrived, so there will be room for big groups of people to relax on the patio and enjoy their food and drank.   Everything was superbly clean and well placed. The service was fast and the food was prepared quickly. The music was just right, so much so I didn't even notice what was on, it all just blended together to make a delightful experience.   Definitely will be back here for libations and/or tasty treats in the coming months. I just hope there are some misters setup outside for the coming blaze that is our summer.
I finally made it to this spot. We sat at the bar. I must complement the purse hooks. I love them, they have a clasp and are easy to get to! (I know guys probably don't understand but it is a big deal to the ladies) We ordered the cottage pie pasty and the rosemary chicken, and split them. The cottage pie was my favorite. The red wine gravy was really good, totally comfort food. The rosemary chicken was good also, but be sure you really like roasted red peppers. I loved the $3 Car Bombs and cheap mixed drinks. The beer list is huge. Sitting at the bar you get to see them make everything. The desserts looked fantastic but I was stuffed. The staff was great and very helpful since it was my first time. I will definitely be back.
This is so great, I don't have to have Tony's Pasties FedExed from Michigan anymore!  Thanks Cornish Pasty, gosh you're nice! AND vegetarian/vegan! 5 stars when you go gluten free. Good luck and godspeed.
Had the Tempe CPC on my radar for a while, but this is a bit closer so I hit it for lunch.  Love the pasty! Had the Bangers & Mash, but there is a nice list of tasty options that could keep me coming back for a long time. Also a good selection of draft beer. I went with the Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA, which went great with the pasty.  Another good sign to me was that few of the customers looked anything alike. An older couple, a few Harley riders, some guys in suits, a few punk-looking gents... all there for the good grub. Looking forward to a return trip.
The long awaited second location finally open, Cornwall native Dean Thomas has another major hit on his hands! A wonderful collection of made from scratch pasties (say "Pass-Tee"), unique desserts and some of the best examples of the brewers arts to be found anywhere on this side of the pond.  Lunch or dinner will cost you less than $10.00 (without the beer) and the variety is a bit staggering. From the traditional Oggie with beef, onions, potatoes and rutabaga with a lovely red wine gravy, to the adventurous Lamb Vindaloo with basmati rice, potatoes, lamb and a wonderfully spicy vindaloo sauce all of Dean's creations are worth trying.We have been visiting this hidden wonder for a couple of years now and have tried most of the items on the menu. (Except for the vegetarian pasties which we just have not gotten to yet.) It is nearly impossible for me to pick a favorite, they are all that good!  If you enjoy beer then Dean's selections will please you. Not a drab, tasteless lager in the bunch! Hoegaarden on draught as well as Guinness, Harp and Strongbow Cider plus a few others to keep a beer lover happy for a long time.  With more room to seat folks, a nice bar/counter, outdoor seating (complete with an area for those that still smoke.) and TWO bathrooms the new Mesa location of the Cornish Pasty Co. is sure to be a huge success.  Take the time to stop by either location of The Cornish Pasty Co. you will come back again and again
Wow, I've been living next to this place for a few months and I've been missing out.  Its mostly English fare, sometimes with a twist.  I'm a pasty fan and was scoffing about how the crust would be all wrong and the shepherds pie would be made with beef, etc, but I had to eat my words (I wasn't wearing a hat).  Everything was perfect and the sauce was fantastic!  One of our orders got messed up a bit but we got some freebies on the house that made up for it.  Lots of good draft beer, and even a tasty draft cider I hadn't tried before.  The staff was great, helpful and friendly without being too clingy, and my glass never went empty.   I'll be back for sure.
Amazing food and I prefer the atmosphere at this location.
Yum!  Yum!  Yum!  I went with a friend for dinner on a Wednesday night and the restaurant was fairly crowded.  She got some Thanksgiving Turkey pasty with stuffing, gravy and cranberry sauce on the side.  She said it was wonderful.  As a vegetarian there was a whole page of choices!!  I went with the Mock Rosemary Chicken one the waitress recommended.  I really liked it... mock chicken, brie cheese, mushrooms, potatoes, roasted red peppers and a sweet mustard sauce on the side.  It was so filling that I couldn't even finish it.  Which is a bit of a bummer because I wanted one of the delish sounding desserts so bad.  I must make a special trip some night soon just for dessert.  The atmosphere was trendy, fun and friendly.  The service was GREAT.  The food was cheap and as good as it gets.  What took me so long to finally try this place?  I can't wait to go back.
Being English and missing a lot of the things we can't get over here we were delighted to have found this place.  I have not tried all of the pasties and have stuck to the traditional ones that we get at home, i.e, cheese and onion and cornish and they are very good!!  I sent my husband there to buy their half baked ones so we could freeze them and have whenever we get the craving and I ended up ordering $80 worth without any regrets.  Needless to say my freezer is full of pasties and I even have a couple of ones I have not tasted before, so looking forward to trying those.  Have not eaten in the place either but quite frankly the food is that good I don't it would matter what it's like inside.  Also just noticed this is the Mesa shop we have only bought from the newly opened on in Tempe.
Went back for lunch again today. The service was spot on and the food was fabulous. I ordered the Carne Avada and I am in LOVE. My mom had the Greek Chicken which was really good too. I sat at the bar and the kitchen staff is very entertaining. See you soon my little pockets of heaven...
It was hard for me to believe that a non-American convenience food (similar to the Indian samosas) could become so popular in Phoenix. This restaurant gives me a new perspective, and I think that a fast-food nation could in fact get elegantly poised over a hot plate of Cornish heaven. Such is the power of this convenience food.   The bangers and mash is the closest to the original recipe of the pasty and therefore is a must try. 'The Italian' is scrumptious but is not the smartest thing to go in for at a British eatery. For a more wholesome meal a side of mushy peas seasoned with salt and pepper is a good order.   The decadent mix of colonial English interiors and ultramodern music weaves magic on Pasty Company customers, making them want to come back time and again.
O..M..G...   This place is SO GOOD! And I love the atmosphere...it's just very cool, chilled and laid back. I love the church pew bench seating and the doors as tables. The service staff was great, fast and friendly. The place was so clean and just bright and airy. I would love to come back for their happy hour sometime and try all their imports. Loved all the historical facts in the menu. Just an all around cool place.   As for the food...delish. My husband and I split The Italian and The Bangers and Mash. First off the crust on both was amazing. What a great flavor, and crispy yet soft at the same time.   The Italian was pretty good for being in a British place. If you're looking for a Stromboli or calzone, stick with La Famiglia or Old Chicago, but for the most part, it was pretty damn tasty. Loved the roasted tomatoes on it.   The Bangers and Mash..well I had my half of that second, and I'm so glad I did. I'm still savoring the delicious red wine gravy that you pour over the pasty. And I'm always a mashed potato fan. The sausage had an excellent flavor and the whole thing just went together nicely. Yum...SO GOOD.   I can't wait to back and try more!   Oh and a really cool feature...the waitress noticed my husband was on his lunch hour and we were sort of hurried, so she gave us a menu and said next time we come to order ahead and they'd have them ready when we got in. I love that kind of service.   Definitely will be going back.
yes, it is 5 star blow your knickers off good. In fact, read Brian S.'s review because he lays it all out as to why this is such a heavenly spot. All I will add - lamb and mint pasty with a kroenenberg beer...Tuck in!
Um, yeah.  This place RULES.  The Tempe location differs greatly from the Mesa/Chandler location but are equally great.  The Tempe vibe is that of a hole in the wall NY/SF/Chicago joint and sometimes I can actually take a moment and feel like I'm not in drab AZ.  The Chandler location is new, cleaner but mirrors the same decor, menus and furniture that the Tempe spot has.   For awhile I couldn't get away from the Cajun - this one is my favorite. I've tried the Royale With Cheese and  the Italian.  All of them were good but the cajun, by FAR, rules thus far.  Unfortunately, I have only been to Cornish during my work day, so I haven't been able to wet my whistle with the great beer selection they have.  Plenty of English/Irish style beers to choose from - a decent happy hour too.  The menu also educates you on what a Pasty (PAS-TEE) is. Give it a try!
After the Yelp Office hours yesterday at Bunna, Brian S. and I peeled off from the group for lunch. I hadn't had anything really "british" in a long time...maybe not since the last time I was in London (haggis, pasty, bangers and mash, bubble and squeak...I just realized that british pub food names sound a lot like a rough morning on the growler:) We headed east in search of authentic british pub fare (I have to use the word "fare" when I talk about british food...it's some sort of legal review requirement). We didn't make it all the way to London, but it still turned out alright. Jeff M. also attended Office Hours and told us about a new, and significantly less "fragrant" Cornish Pasty Company location at Dobson and Guadalupe, in the comfortable confines of Mesa:) Now when I look for authenticity in british pub grog, I start right at the front door. * When I walk in, do hear a nearly unintelligible version of the English language, with "h's" being dropped left and right and "v's" substituting for "th's" in most words? No, I didn't hear that at CPC! * When the barman and hostess smile at me, do I see the results of 85th best dental care system in the world, with the traditional "rusty picket fence" smile so favored by the English working class? I didn't see a hint of less than perfect dental hygiene at CPC. * If I'm trying to find a seat or a table, and politely inquire as the availability of a given chair or table, do I get a jaunty "piss off" in reply? I did not! I was becoming alarmed about the ability of CPC to produce a decent pasty, given the mounting evidence that CPC just "isn't the real thing", but I buried my misgivings and went ahead and ordered a Cottage pie.  I say, old boy! I needn't have worried a whit!  These delightful and extraordinarily tasty little footballs (American football...not soccer) of pastry wrapped meat, potatoes, veggies and spice are as authentic as Prince Charles (and roughly 4 times better looking).  They don't just make really good pasty's and pies at CPC, they make them pretty! They braid the dough on top of the pasty before they bake them...they get points for presentation! Brian had a chicken greek pie that also looked tasty and well made. CPC has a nice bar area surrounding the kitchen so you can watch the cooks at work (in another un-authentic touch, I didn't see single cook working over a large vat, with a cigarette dangling from his lips...I don't know how they made a pasty this good with all these handicaps:) The total bill for everything, including drinks, was less than $20 (another un-authentic touch...the last time I was in London, a pack of gum cost $20, although, in fairness to CPC, that might have something to do with the rate of exchange). Finally, although I don't normally review the restrooms, I will. After the meal, I had to "shake hands with unemployed" as we say across the pond (it can be a long and uncomfortable drive back to Scottsdale, otherwise). The restrooms are quite small and usable by only one person at a time, unless you have more of a "euro" sensibility and don't mind sharing the loo...I doo. So what's the verdict?  Nope, it's not like the local you'll find in London...thank god!  It's much, much better! Swing by and get a pint and pie at this new and non-stinky CPC!
I like the Tempe location better but this one is good too!  The church pews do kick ass.  Favorite pasties:  Vegetarian balsamic mushroom with mozzerella, spinach, and a side of marinara.  Peppered steak, the blue cheese in it makes it!  And for dessert the pb&j with banana!  GREAT BEERS!
After a long hike, my group of 6 was starving and I decided that we should check out the Cornish Pasty Co, in Mesa. We ordered a variety of pasties: the Royale w/ cheese, Shepherd's Pie, Chicken Alfredo and the Reuben.  Now, you may wonder...what the HELL is a pasty? First of all, it's pronounced 'pass-tee', which is a meat pie. Not to be mistaken for 'pace-tee', used to describes a person's pale complexion or those nipplage stickers burlesques dancers use.   It's the British version of a Spanish empanada. And, IT IS HUGE!! I like huge....food... ;o)  I ended up ordering the Shepherd's Pie. The flaky shell crust hides the meat and potatoes, on the inside.  The meat was well seasoned, super yummy and blended well, with the mashed potatoes. I was craving for more, after my first bite. Actually, it was so good, I can still imagine the taste of the pasty, in my mouth. Hello, drool!  A single pasty will cost you about $8. It's enough to fill up a single adult. We didn't get sides, this time around.  But, we will next time.  And, oh yes, there WILL be a next time!!  The church pews are a nice touch.  The service super friendly and helpful.  I got no complaints and I will come here, again. Oh, why don't we have one like this in San Diego?!? Why? Why? WHY?!?  Until the next time Cornish Pasty Company..... *le sigh*
This food is amazing, and very cheap.  I ate for less that 10 dollars and walked out stuffed.  I think everyone should give it a try. The decor of the place is really great, and unusual for the southwest.  Go and eat and be merry.
Been meaning to try Cornish Pasty Company for I don't even know how long. Just hadn't gotten to it.  Today we got to the Mesa location and it was killer. Started off great just walking through the door. The decor is killer. They have done some neat things with the bar (tiling, industrial purse hooks - the Mrs. loves those so they stood out to me). The church pews for seating and the glassed over doors for tables are super cool. The melted candle bottles on the table and the black & white photos also help to give it a nice vibe.  Next looked at the menu and they have a great beer selection (mix of on tap & bottles). I did get a bit overwhelmed with the number of pasty choices (which is good). They also have quite a large number of vegetarian pasties which is nice - for the rest of the family. : )  Whittled it down to the chicken tikka, shepherd's pie and royale with cheese. The server recommended the chicken tikka and I went with that. The pasty itself was excellent. Great flavor, little bit of heat, great pastry. As the Mrs. is from Australia, we're big into pastry and things like pasties, meat pies, sausage rolls, etc. I definitely need to get her here soon!  The service was great as well. Everybody was super nice and quite efficient. Food and drink came quickly.   All in all, a great experience. Quite happy with the entire meal.  With so many pasty choices, I think it's trouble once you break the seal. I foresee many, many visits in our future.
This place has great iced tea and every thing I have tried on the menu has been great.  Top notch food and service.
I went with Lamb and Mint...  I can't really explain or relate it to anything per say but it was gooooood.  The dipping sauce (gravy) it came with was really good. At first glance it didn't look like it'd fill me up but I was surprised... the meat and stuff is packed pretty dense so it works.  The bread is really tasty and crusty but not too dry.  The beers were like $6 a pop and for two of us it was $30 before tip...  I'll go back... was pretty good... lots of other pasties to try on the menu
This place is rad! Some friends of ours took us here and I had no clue this type of food existed here in AZ. It was my first time having a Pasty and I got the Philly cheese steak pasty and it was awesome.  We had the peanut butter, banana and jelly pasty for dessert and it blew my mind. How this place has not opened more locations than a few I will never know. I can't wait to go back .
I'm glad I joined Yelp today. If I hadn't, I wouldn't have seen mention of this place, and we wouldn't have had a delicious dinner tonight - or maybe we would have, but these people wouldn't have cooked it.  I enjoyed my meal here, as did my husband. I had their asiago chicken pasty, while he had the Mexican, with no sides. Even so, the meal was filling and flavorful. The atmosphere is fun, and not quite what I expected, with church pews and an industrial sort of feel. Our server was attentive. The only downside was that it seemed a little loud - not the music but the chatter of other people seemed to overwhelm the place.   I'd like to go back and try their desserts sometime.  It was a little difficult to find this place - it's tucked away in a corner in the plaza right on the corner of Guadalupe and Dobson. We went right past it at first.
I love this place... The salmon ceasar salad,bangers n mash pasty,royale with cheese pasty and the tropical tea have all been perfect and delicious. I will be back again and again. The waitstaff is good... young hipster set but helpful without being hovery. Try the Caramel banan dessert... simple but super rich.. must be shared! its huge.
My niece is weary of my yelp adventures. This place has redeemed me. The decor was fun and functional. Easy atmosphere, good food , a young friendly staff. I took my niece at least 10 minutes to decide on the chicken pesto pasty. I had the veggie Mexican.  The pasty is a meal, we left without having to discuss eco friendly to go containers. I always bring it up, my niece always mocks me. My eco activism isn't always consistent. We had I light flavored beer the waitress recommended. OK she loved the pesto chicken, I enjoyed the Mexican... We both are looking forward to your next visit. For me repeat visits are a true testament to a rave review. Peace!
I was so excited when I read about this place - it was something I never thought I'd find. Backstory - when I was a teenager and would hang out weekends in Harvard Square my favorite place to eat was Warburtons - anyone remember it? It all connected with the Susan Howatch novels (Penmarric) I was reading at the time - anyway I digress. Suffice it to say that the whole pasty concept was intriguing and this place was terrific. It closed down years ago but I kept hoping I'd find something similar ... someday.  To present day, newly come to the area. We finally made it to the Mesa location. I was glad there wasn't a wait, but walking in was a strange experience. It was dark, loud with no one at the entrance to seat us. Figured it wasn't that kind of place. The decor was a definite turnoff for me - cold, weird seating that felt like a black and white railroad car. I hate to be nit-picky but the first thing I saw when I sat down was a spider going up the wall next to me.  Ok, enough on atmosphere. The food ... huge menu that's a lot of fun to look at with lots of choices. I had the Greek salad and Greek chicken pasty. The salad was great - enough for 2. MH had the Mexican, which was actually quite spicy, and he's very used to spice. Overall our opinion on the pasties was ... ok. Quite filling - we only had half each. However, we thought they'd be a bit bigger to justify the cost, or a dollar or two cheaper since they don't come with anything else.  The dough was sturdy, well formed for holding the fillings but it was definitely hard.  Re: the service - it was good - she was friendly ... but it was hard to find anyone when we wanted anything, especially when we wanted to pay and leave.  I hesitated writing this since everyone seems to love it so much, but this was my experience ... not bad, but not somewhere I want to spend my precious restaurant dollars for a so-so experience. The atmosphere was kind of off-putting. Given everything, I don't think we'll be back. And I had such hopes! Sorry Cornish Pasty!
I ain't got nothing bad to say about this place except I didn't go sooner.   My kid and I were looking for a lunch this past June and rolled by this place about a mile from our house. I was curious and headed in. We really weren't sure what to expect but since I've spent some time in the UK, I was intrigued.  The atmosphere is very cool. Industrial type metal tables, with candles burning on the tables and long wooden church pews for people to share tables.  The waitresses (we've been back since) are really cool and completely unique from each other.   My kid had a PB&J pasty, and I ordered the Cajun Chicken. I loved mine, and hers was so big she couldn't finish it. The next time I got the Rosemary Chicken, which I love almost as much as they Cajun. I am a picky eater but both of these were awesome.   They do take a little time to cook your food, which means it's fresh. And if you call ahead you can special order (like no onions or whatever). They also deliver within a few miles of their location (including my house and MCC where I work!).   I hear the desserts rock, too!  I will keep going back.
My first question... what the heck is a pasty??? A group of 8 of us sat outside on a Friday evening... the waitress was awesome, keeping up with our beers and everything :) I went with the safe choice, I think it was called "the Italian", but it was filled with marinara sauce and meat (maybe sausage and/or peperoni). It was very tasty- reminded me of a stromboli with a thinner, flakier crust. Next time I'll try something more adventurous, I swear :) I did have a bite of the bf's "lamb and mint sauce" pasty and that was very good too (I'm not a total food wuss... really, I'm not).   Hoping to get back there again soon to try more of the menu!
This is one of my favorite south Tempe haunts of late!  It has a relaxed feel, and a far more spacious dining area than the other Tempe location.  The Pasty is a unique little pocket of delight!  Originating as traditional miner's fare in Cornwall, England, the Pasty has now evolved into many new and interesting, nontraditional Pasties upon it's arrival to Tempe, AZ.  Although the more traditional Shepard's pie with red wine gravy is my favorite flavor, there is now a Royal with Cheese, a Chicken Tikka Masala, and many more fun-filled pasties to try!  For those of you that have had a Pasty in England, this will not be what you are expecting because the Pasty here is much larger.  There are no side items served with it and you should expect it to be a just little smaller than a calzone.  Go without the expectation for traditional English fare and the Pasty will not disappoint!  Aside from the yummy pasties, the setting of The Cornish Pasty is cozy and fun.  The Jukebox there is awesome....playing everything, classic rock, psychedelic, new wave, etc.  At night, the lights grow dim and each table is candle lit.  They have a large patio that is currently being remodeled and a long indoor bar that overlooks the cooks prepping delicious pasties.  The staff is a charming and scenic tattooed hipster crowd that make the place seem young and alluring and there are nearly always bikes parked outside and pints being poured.  They serve a nice assortment of beer in a nice array of sizes.  I love the Pasty and I love to recommend it because it is unique and just plain delicious!  If you haven't had a pasty yet, you should!!
What a cool and odd place!!  The service was wonderful, the people - staff and customers were  fun and friendly!!   I went original - with the Oggie and loved it!! Their red wine sauce - YUM!  I wanted a few more sides of it, but controlled myself!  Although when I asked for a take-home box, the waitress asked if i'd like more sauce!!!! whooo hooo - heck YES i want more sauce!!  My date had the Mexican -- pasty.  It was nice and spicy!! Interesting to have a mexican flavored irish pocket / sandwich - but hey, it works!!  Go give 'em a try -- it's a different type of place and all in a great way!
Great place!  I would have never even noticed it tucked in the corner of the Chiba Hut lot if someone hadn't pointed it out to me.  This is one of the more interesting 'homesy' places in Phoenix that I enjoy going to and taking out of town visitors to.    The restaurant itself is very simple, it is very narrow and rectangular.  Most of the seating is at the bar/counter, which is right on the other side of the food preparation area.  There are about six or seven tables in the place, and they are all pushed up to the one wall that isn't the kitchen.    I have only good things to say about the food.  I watched mine be prepared from scratch as well as many other dishes and their ingredients are extremely fresh.  If you're crass like myself you could boil everything down to gourmet hot pockets.  The crust is flaky and just hard enough to keep it's shape, and there is almost no end to the ingredients you can order inside, from the traditional to the exotic.    I also noticed they had some great beers in stock.  I've never walked in to a Phoenix restaurant (excluding those attached to breweries) and seen Chimay on the menu.    All-in-all a great place to eat, I've been back a few times since my first visit and been pleased every time.
Okay I went here on recommendation from some Yelpers and I have to admit a personal flaw...I add letters into words and flip things around when I'm reading sometimes, so this whole time I'm thinking Cornish Pasty is a Pastry (notice the 'r') joint...  I know, I know, "didn't I read the reviews??" Yes, of course I read the reviews; but I'm like the ship Titanic...once I get an idea in my head it's really hard to 'turn the ship around' as it were...  Once I got over the initial shock that this was, in fact not a pastry place, but a pasty place; I was pleasantly surprised! This place is great! Our server was friendly, talkative and attentive. The music was a little loud, but for the setting, I think it was at an appropriate level.  I got the Philly Steak pasty and savored the flavors of the meat and man, that pasty crust was dang good too!! Yummy! Even though I had some personal problems in the beginning, it turned out to be a FABULOUS experience and I would recommend it to other Yelpers looking for some good eats.
I've been here once a month since my return. The first time was in June...I met up with a fellow gamer (geek alert...yes, I do play an MMORPG and no, it's not WoW) who lives around the corner from me. I didn't eat a pasty, bad me! Instead, I had their chicken caesar salad. Good lord I'd died and gone to heaven with a dish like that...not too much dressing, tons of leafy lettuce and chicken that was cooked just right!  We loved the idea of the pews. I liked it because it reminded me of being back in Scotland. :D  Service rocked it! Friendly and kick ass, prompt! They are making me fall in love with them.  A month later, I take hubby there...I order the same thing...and am massively disappointed. The lettuce is wilted, chicken is the best part of the salad and sadly, there is so much dressing I was distraught.  Again, service rocked it...but hubby was most impressed with the happy hour prices of the beers and the size...and the selection. He wasn't happy with is pasty which was ok by my standards.  Today I had a craving for a pasty. Hopped over there and had their chicken tikka. It was aight. Nothing to make me do cartwheels or dance on the tables. Ok, if I danced on the tables, I'd really be embarrassed because my ass would break it. I'm sure of it.  Anyway, I'll give this place another whirl next month and see how it goes. Maybe it might be good.  So far they're consistently inconsistent in the food, but their service is top notch.
I've had this place bookmarked for ages now and finally we were in the area so we went.  We drove around the stupid little shopping area forever just trying to find the restaurant until we discovered that the address is slightly misleading.  In case this happens to you, it is facing Dobson and a little bit south of Guadalupe.    I absolutely loved the decor of the restaurant, very minimalist, lots of black and white with a really eclectic mix of old, new, and industrial furnishings.  I really liked the church pews for the booths.  They could stand to have a better air conditioning system because the fairly open kitchen and the constant opening and closing of the ovens makes it get warm inside pretty quickly.  The food I thought was fantastic.  The menu has a TON of different pasties to choose from, so there is definitely something on the menu for everyone, even vegetarians.  I chose the meat and cheese pasty which was pork sage sausage with a couple different cheeses inside.  When it came out, it looked beautifully golden brown on the outside.  I really really liked the pastry portion.  The inside was equally as good too.  The sausage was really delicious.  It was simple but so full of flavor.  My main gripe about this place is that they don't make the pasties fresh.  I watched the guys in the kitchen pull them out of the refrigerator/freezer.  However, even though this happens, they still taste delicious and fresh.  They probably just make them the morning of, as I can imagine they are quite time consuming to prepare.  Great place!
pssst. dean's upgrading the patio seating area, with big tables/booths and a cover to block out the sun. think casey's, but with way better food and in mesa. can this place get any better??
Well I know it is a Pasty company and all but why can't I just get normal bangers & mash?  Why do you have to screw it up by wrapping it in bread.  Also, when I order B&M, I expect it to have peas.  That's just the way I am used to it and, when it doesn't have them, it is missing part of the flavor.  That really screwed with my expectations of the order (that also took forever) and is why I didn't give them four stars.  The quality was extremely high and the sausage was amazingly good.  The presentation was nice and the red wine sauce was the perfect compliment.  Totally a good meal for a decent price.    I would recommend this place for a pasty - just not for British food.  They are a one trick pony but at least they do it well.
Woohoo! I finally got to try a Pasty! I've tried to go to the Tempe spot a few times, but it was either almost closing, so kitchen was closed, or lunch, too busy. But this weekend the 101 to our house was closed, so had to take a detour down Dobson, passed CPC, and yelped (do I get a prize for working that in?) at my husband to turn the car around! I've been trying to try this place for years, I pleaded.   Boddingtons on tap makes me happy, the Pasty I chose was the asiago chicken with roasted green chili, double happy. Hubby had lamb with a mint sauce, he ate the entire thing, amazing, then had a big fat nap when we got home.  The interior is diner-like they do have much more seating than the Tempe spot (church pews with tables) and a patio at this location. I wouldn't mind coming back for a patio-beer day. Oh and the waitress did mention they might start doing brunch on Sundays soon, including mimosas and bloody marys.
Soo excited that I finally went here. I loved everything about it; the atmosphere with the candles and awesome music playing on the juke box, the service, and the food.  Last night we went and sat out on the patio and I was in heaven! the weather was perfect, Heidi the owner was great, and I was so releived to finally find a cool place with good food by my house.  I got the spicy asiago chicken pasty and it was great; and I think I might go back already today, and get the Rosemary chicken! yay finally a place with a little culture :)
Neo-Traditional British Bistro Cuisinie Meets American Dive Bar  First impressions - Very warm inside the restaurant, strong curry smell.  Loud unintelligible heavy bass "music" playing. Feels more like a dive bar than an eatery.  Friendly, knowledgeable staff. Good selection of beers.  Small tables and booths, definitely not designed with comfort in mind. I can't say the music is bad, but very hard to understand because it's all bass and no treble - I think there are vocals...  The red wine sauce provided would be at home in a beef burgundy but for a cottage pie? Not so much. Cottage pie pasty was dry and lacked the Worcestershire sauce flavor one would expect. Basically just ground beef and mashed potatoes.  The crust was too crisp, dry and crumbly, not flaky. Had I been a Cornish miner, my lunch would have fallen in my lap upon the first bite.  That's not to say the pastry didn't taste good, but it crumbled upon first contact with a knife. Luckily I had a knife, fork, and plate as my filling needed to be scooped after any attempt to penetrate the crust.  The "Pilgrim" pasty came with a side of Stuffing....eh. The contents of the "Pilgrim" were less dry and tasted more like the intended turkey dinner than the cottage pie resemled its intended target dish. This dish came with cranberry sauce....eh. The red wine sauce went much better with this than it did with the other pasty.
Same goodies as the Tempe location but much bigger space. This location is rather nice with lots of seating and an ambient feel. I really enjoyed my pasty but I know my parents weren't as impressed. I had the veggie rosemary chicken, yes Quorn veggie chicken is the best thing ever. The pasty had veggie chicken, roasted red peppers, roasted red potatoes and some brie; it was fantastic. We also had some pea soup, baked broccoli & cauliflower, and some oven chips. The broccoli was delicious (I have an aversion to cauliflower) and the chips were good too; remember chips=fries, crisps=potato chips. Both my parents were disappointed with their dips, the chicken pot pie came with some red wine gravy instead of chicken gravy and the chicken alfredo came with ice cold marinara, they were out of alfredo sauce. Bottled beer was a little pricey. I still love me some Cornish Pasty.
I stopped in earlier this month with a friend. We went on a Tuesday night, and almost completely had the place to ourselves. That was OK  as we were able to chat without yelling @ each other, and were able to chat a little bit with Heidi. Great gal...very friendly service. I ordered the Oggie (The Traditional Pasty), mushy peas (mainly after gauging my friend's expression of comfort to see them on the menu...childhood memories no doubt), and chips (potato wedges). I wasn't overwhelmed by the food. However, is English food ever overwhelming?. The pasty was a little dry and the wine gravy takes some getting used to. Although the beef was lean, it wasn't too tender. I can't say I'd recommend on the food, but the Strongbow Cider and the Hoegaarden were both pretty good. Also stuck around to play some Cricket @ the dartboard, which probably wouldn't have normally been available. I think it seems like a good place to have some drinks with friends, and soak up a good crowd atmosphere on a busier night.
After years of meaning to do it, we finally checked out the Cornish Pasty Company.   I had the Oggie with a side of mashed potatoes and a Boddingtons. The wife had the Lamb Vindaloo and we shared a cider. We also had a side of chips and our niece had a salad. The food was very good over all, and I would say the Vindaloo was outstanding (I took a few bites off my wife's plate). Please don't order it if you can't stand spiciness though. Too many restaurants nowadays are wimping out on spice because people order something they can't handle and send it back to the kitchen or complain (try finding truly hot buffalo wings these days, for instance). But for spice lovers, it was A-1.   These things take awhile to bake, so don't go if you're in a big hurry. They had one lady waiting the tables, and as time went by the place got busier and busier. But she kept up with it somehow, and just when I thought she would surely forget something, it would arrive. It was very impressive, actually. The food did arrive a little out of order, again, thanks to the baking time. But it was not a big problem.   Someone else has mentioned the good music they play on the jukebox and the nice seating they have outside. Add to that a decent beer selection and you have a darn good experience. We'll be back for sure.
Three stars only because our meal took about an hour and 45 minutes from beginning to end.  Our server explained it was because of an extremely large party and only one person being able to work the oven.    We had ordered pea soup and asked for it before the pasties came out.  Our server stopped by to check on drinks (we were each on our second and no soup in sight yet) and said our pasties should be out soon.  We realized she'd totally forgotten about our soup so we flagged her down and asked about it.  She was very nice and apologetic and didn't charge us for the soup, which showed about about 10 minutes later...with our pasties.    Now about the food.  The long-awaited pea soup was well flavored and slightly chunky, with a dollop of cream on top.  Very yummy and delicious when scooped up with the bread and butter served with it.  I had the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty.  The menu said spicy and boy, do they mean it!  I ended up having to scrape a lot of the sauce off the pieces of lamb and potato in order to be able to eat it.  The flavor was great but I couldn't take the heat.  My boyfriend ended up finishing it for me.  My boyfriend wanted the Bangers and Mash Pasty but they were out.  So he had the Rosemary Steak Pasty instead.  It was very good as well.  With the steak, red potatoes, roasted red peppers and brie, it was a hit.  I didn't care for the mustard cream sauce it came with (yes, I stole a couple of bites).    We debated dessert and decided to go for it.  Another wait ensued but it was worth it.  I had the peanut butter and jelly pasty.  Heaven!  With peanut butter, raspberry jelly and banana baked inside, then raspberry sauce drizzled over the top.  Served with whipped cream (the real stuff--not too sweet).  Excellent!  The bf had a sticky toffee pudding that is named after Shirley Temple.  He loved it.  I had a single small bite, knowing that sticky toffee pudding isn't something I enjoy.  This dessert didn't change my mind.  So I can't recommend it but based on my bf's reaction, it must have been good if you are into that sort of thing.  I'll pick another night and try the place again, for certain.  Learned my lesson that a busy Saturday night is not the best.
Great food. Something almost anyone would like. Way cooler decor than I expected and good drinks. A must-do for everyone.
Like everyone else it seems, the Cornish Pasty Company came as a suggestion from a friend, I have been meaning to try it out for a while.  First of all the decor was awesome. The church pews, industrial purse hooks, tile, candle wax candles and large photos of English industrial workers really set the mood. The servers were relaxed, helpful and friendly. The music wasn't what you normally hear in a restaurant, but I LIKED that about it.   The drink selection is very good I think, lots of neat import beers and they'll do a taster sample if you want one. I love ciders, so I ordered the Strongbow, it was a bit on the warm side, but nothing to be too upset about.  I'm not a foodie by any means, I'm rather bland when it comes to trying new things, so I stuck with a "safe" menu item, Chicken Pot Pie. It was pretty good, although I was hoping for more of a cream based sauce, but that's a personal preference thing I think.   We also ordered the Carmel Apple dessert pastry. That was yummy! But it was odd that they served it with chocolate chip icecream instead of vanilla as mentioned on the menu, perhaps they were out?   Anyhow, I would recommend the Cornish Pasty Company to anyone looking for something new, a little different and perhaps an tasty adventure of sorts.
yes I am a fan- and this is yummy.   Creative assortment of dough pockets filled with yummy.  Recommend for groups or even a cheap date.
A bit of a "nip" in the air this morning...and when I think "nip", I think "pasties" and when I think "pasties", well, I just naturally think "pasty's" :-)  So there you have it...that's how my mind works...I've said it before and I will say it again...linear thinking is the best thinking:)  I get so lonely working away in my plush private office with nothing to keep me company but a steady stream of information and diversions from across the universe...and my chowchow, DeeDee...sometimes I need to get out of my gilded cage:)  Today was one of those days, and fortunately for me, my cardiologist buddy, Jim, was in a position to prescribe a bangers and mash pasty at CPC, for my continued good heart health :-)  Stat - (Latin for "with a side of broccoli and cauliflower"...he says they are chock full of "beta blocker's"...I didn't even know I needed my beta blocked!)  We met for lunch with his longtime friend (and my new friend) Gary (who is, among other things, a novelist...I want to see how he works me and CPC into a book:)  I was pretty hungry after spin class this morning and the waitstaff at CPC wasted no time in getting the retox going for me...I think service has improved since I was here last and food remains authentic and excellent!  Neither Jim or Gary had ever been to CPC before, but they both handled their pasty's like pro's and the three of us all joined the CPC - "CPC" ("Clean Plate Club"...I think there's an award ceremony at the end of the year:)  Jim had an Oggie and Gary tried a Greek Something Pasty and both were fortified against the rigors of the remainder of Friday afternoon (Jim had some sort of "human heart thingy" he had to do, and I had to come back to my office and type on my computer...who has the more stressful job...really? :-).  Finally, the people at CPC all continue to be so darn happy and pleasant...I so often see people working at restaurants that look like they hate being there (and probably do) that it's worth noting when everybody from the cooks to the servers all have smiles on their  faces and in their voices.  It's probably from eating all those pasty's...they're approved by all of my cardiologist buddies, so you know they must be good for you:)
Very good for a great price AND a variety of vegetarian selections! I was excited, my BF took me here for my b-day and we were not disappointed. I could only eat half of my pasty and so we skipped desert. Beers were reasonably priced too.  We will be back but I am afraid my kids would be scared "everything is touching" eeekkk!
Last time I ate here I left a rather scathing review, so I figured it was time for a second visit.  Unfortunately I must have gone to the wrong restaurant because the food here was great!  Pastry was spot on this time. Firm, but not crumbly! I could cut it without the entire structure failing. I was even able to pick  up the pasty and eat it traditional - a la hand.  I had the Cottage Pie (same as last time) and the taste difference was immediately noticeable. The ground beef was moist but not fatty and there was cheese! I don't remember cheese last time.  For personal taste: I still think it needs more veggie, less potato, and a splash of Worcestershire.  I also had the Oven Chips w/ Garlic - Awesome! If you've ever eaten the garlic fries at other places like Gordon Biersch, these blow them away! Real crushed garlic on real thick cut potatoes, slightly caramelized from baking. Not some rub-on paste placed on deep fried frozen battered spud strips.  Now the complaints: 1) The Noise - still too much loud bass. The walls, floor, and ceiling are all hard surfaces. The conversations and music bounce off these surfaces and create a cacophony neutralizing most conversation.  2) The Parking - there is no handicapped parking available anywhere near the restaurant. What parking there is, is cramped and narrow. Parking a pick-up was a challenge. Even the people in the Toyota Camry had issues maneuvering.
Remember where you came from, what I mean is I've been going here since they were still painting the walls and hanging pictures.  There is a crew of us that live in the hood and frequented there.  Lately the service has severely lacked, it's like they're doing us a favor by serving us.  A pasty is a pasty, but bad service will shut you down.  Kick your servers in the ass and get back in gear...
When the kids come to visit they always have a list of restaurants they want to check out. We struck out for a late dinner and this location is close to my house. We walked in and liked the feel of the restaurant. Church pews for seats and doors for tables gave it a quirky fun feel to it. After a quick look at the menu we order the Oggie, the peppered steak and the lamb vindaloo. I also was forced to order a pint Guinness. The wait time for the meal was average and the pastys came out nice and hot. We liked the taste of the Oggie, full of flavor and balance. The peppered steak had the best texure, the steak was very tender and pastry just right. The lamb vindaloo was average. It was a little spicy but, the flavor was incomplete. I will have to back and try the lamb and mint next time . All in all a good light dinner and a return visit will be in order.
I had been contemplating visiting this place to try their pasties when the mood finally struck. It was in the midst of winter rainstorms that were apparently the worst Arizona has seen in the last two decades. That didn't stop this place from being quite busy and packed with patrons.  My own reasoning for braving the weather probably has to do with childhood memories of pasties. I was introduced to these delights while living in Holland. I attended an international school (NATO brat) and the cafeteria food service was managed by the British, so pasties were always available. It also rains quite often in Holland, so my craving for a good pasty may be inextricably linked to rainy weather.  The Cornish Pasty Company did not disappoint. I had the lamb vindaloo pasty and a Pinstripe Red Ale from Colorado. The beer selection here is impressive and seems to be quite a draw, since I got the impression that the crowd here was suitably beer-literate. The vindaloo was quite spicy but delicious and the beer complemented it perfectly. The quality of the pasty was perfect... piping hot filling, flaky crust.  All in all, I was happy to discover a great place nearby to eat and drink. Maybe next time I won't even wait for it to rain.
The boyfriend and I have been patrons of the Tempe location for years so last weekend when we happened to be in the Mesa area, we decided to give Cornish Pasty location #2 a shot.   First impression walking in the door was how much bigger this location is! There were lots of tables, several for big groups. The place is much lighter too, lots of windows. All the tables were sat so we grabbed seats at the bar.   The menu is bigger than the Tempe location. They have sides! And a couple more desert options as well. I didn't notice additional pasty options but we went for our usual anyway. We split a Royale with Cheese so we could save room for dessert. As always the pasty was cooked to perfection and stuffed with meaty, cheesey goodness. We were so temped to get a side. We saw what looked like the cheesy broccoli and cauliflower and it looked really good.  We ordered dessert - the chocolate bread and butter pudding. Wow was is rich and good. It's a big serving, enough for two, and it's served with a scoop of ice cream and a side of some kind of cream. It's very chocolaty and had a hint of brandy in it. The cream didn't do much for me but the ice cream cut the richness and was a nice compliment to it.  The staff here was super friendly and made our lunch very pleasant.   I highly recommend either location but if you have a big group or want to take your family, the Mesa location is the way to go.
I went here about 2 months ago and it was FANTASTIC. If you, like me (before I went here) was like what the hell is a pasty? Go in and find out. It's like an English (or British I don't remember) old traditional food that wives of coal miners used to make since it was easy to eat out on the job (the history is on the menu). It's similar to a calzone, except the dough is more of a fluffy, flakey pastry consistancy. I had their italian one and I was wow-ed. It had italian deli meats in it with cheese and their marinara is to DIE for. I asked the cook after tasting it if it was homemade and he said that it was. They have all kinds of fillings, surely at least one that you would enjoy. It is a very small place, only like 10 tables plus the bar. I like sitting at the bar, you can watch them make everything right in front of you.
hmmmm. idk. is it a gourmet hot pocket?   i had the bangers and mash. i probably would have liked it a lot more had it not been hot pocket style. the gravy was great. there wasn't a lot of sausage and i love the grilled onions  we also split the pb&j and that was alright. i liked the rasberry jam. but idk, the whole wrapping everything in a dough sorta turned me off. not sure if i will go back.
Wow! For those of you that might think the name is misspelled and missing an (R)....your wrong, as I was. Pasty is an English dish of whatever filling wrapped in a flaky, buttery crust. Yummy!  This was another location listed in Phoenix top sandwiches, so I stopped by again for something to go....this is not something to eat in my car!  Add the cleaning bill to the total tab and it got a little pricey.  Seriously though this place rates so high on my go to list that I visited twice in one week.  1st I had the Salmon Pasty... that was amazing, with little potatoes, spinach and a great sauce.  Second visit I had the Greek Pasty, fresh salad and a bowl of an amazing mushroom soup!  My friends tried the lamb and I can tell you it was also a HIT!  The Mesa location is on considerably bigger than the Tempe location and I love the old church pews lined up as picnic tables for a large group.  I also got to observe a party enjoying a very large Pint with their meal and was quite jealous.    This should be on your go to list as well.  Happy eating!
Recently went to the Tempe location and they now serve sides as well. Yippee!
Countless pasties later and I'm back for an update.  The patio had some issues so the owners (who are awesome) tore out the glass top long tables outside and added huge (seats 6+) booths with flower pots on top with cushion seats and backs.  They've added more "dessert" pasties, plus more side dishes and salads.  Sunday's now feature breakfast pasties, a bloody mary bar and mimosas.  They are doing a lot more with this location than with the original Tempe shop, which I assume is because of the added space. Whatever the reason, they are doing it right.  If you want to get the expanded Cornish Pasty Co experience, take a few extra minutes and hit the Mesa location. It WILL be worth your time.
I'm ashamed that I haven't left a review for this place yet. I've eaten here for a good while and I've never been disappointed with the food. Well, there was this one time, but it was because it was sold out. I'm okay with that, it tells me it was really popular that night. Anyway...  The prices are good, the teas are good, and it's just fun to sit in the pews while watching the candles melt. Every friend I've brought here has had a good time with an equally good meal. I'm a sucker for the royale with cheese and a side of thousand island.  You know what, look at the average review score. I really think that's the most telling part of this place. Really. Go. Eat. Enjoy.
Okay, I should start by admitting I was a bit skeptical. I mean, I know everyone raves about the things, but they just sound a bit odd. But Jim went and couldn't stop thinking about it. I guess we've been married long enough that if he tells me I'll like something, I believe him.  So we took our youngest and headed over there with the intention of getting two pasties and an order of chips. Abby chose the Royale (cheeseburger). I was flummoxed. I couldn't decide between the Mexican, Rosemary Chicken or Salmon. The server helped me out and I ordered salmon. Everything was amazing. The best thing about it was that this doesn't seem to be one of those places where you order the same thing every time. I can't wait to try a wide variety of pasties.  We sat along the bar by the kitchen and chatted with the chefs, demanding to know what each pasty was as they cut it open and we could see inside. They were charming, full of information and never acted put-upon. The service was also terrific. I'd go back in a heartbeat.  The one caution I'd offer is that everything is served "as is" - you can't make any changes if you, say, don't like mushrooms or what-have-you.  Enjoy!
A big ole' double handful of bangers and mash with red wine gravy!  That's what was in my pasty!  First time here and I can't wait to go back!  Man was that good!  I am looking forward to working my way through the menu at this place.  I met fellow Yelper Donald S here for lunch and we sat at the bar where we could watch the kitchen.  As I watched the busy bees busily going about making pasties and other delicious looking things I noticed the ingredients sitting around on shelves...nothing prefab.  No bags from Sysco or some other purveyor of pre-made restaurant ingredients.  Nope, just fresh veggies, fresh meats, lots of big cans and bottles of spices and seasonings.    I am getting hungry right now thinking about the food.  Yum.  Update (I've been there again since I started my review):  Now that I have gone a second time and tried a salmon pasty, the royale pasty (sort of like a bacon cheeseburger) and shared a dessert I can unequivocally state that Cornish Pasty is one of my top ten favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  Service has been great and my last visit I sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen and chatted with the folks as they were cooking.  Nice people here!
Dean and Heidi are fantastic restauranteurs. Dean has well honed palate for flavor combinations and is never satisfied with the status-quo.   He has elevated the humble pasty (comfort food for coal miners) into collection of international meals enclosed in pastry. I have eaten 90% of the pasty menu and every single pasty was well crafted and bursting with flavor. My favorites are: Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Tikka, Lovely Bit 'O Salmon, and Bangers+Mash. Always ask for double sauce!  There is a fine line-up of beer on tap, including hard to find ones like Dogfishhead 90 Min IPA. I usually do Guinness or a Black+Tan, all poured properly.  It's fun to watch staff make the pasties. They are a tattooed, funky bunch -- you will never find a more gracious group or more dedicated to getting the product right, though.  I enjoy the Mesa location with family, but prefer the grittier "coal mine-like" atmosphere of the original Tempe location if I'm alone or with the guys.
Seriously people, I love this place! And one of the things that I love about it is that every time I go there the place has changed (okay, maybe not every time but at least the last 4 times. This most recent time the bar doubled in size, moved to a different area and they closed up the counter where it used to be. But enough about these paltry things. Here's the important stuff....  1. The girls who work there are beautiful, tattooed, and very nice 2. The beer selection is very good, although i wish they had Newcastle on tap 3. The food is damn tasty (and now they have breakfast pasties (!), which they sadly don't actually serve before 11) 4. The music is some of the best I've heard anywhere in the valley  I've been there probably a couple dozen times and never had anything bad, or even not-awesome. Sadly I don't go there as much anymore since i moved into Phx but the new booths look inviting so I will definitely be back. My lunch buddy/BFF said it's going to be her first meal when she comes back from Asia, carbombs and Mexicans. Sounds like a damn fine plan to me
Absolutely amazing!  Went on a Saturday afternoon and got lucky because it wasn't busy so we got a great table in the sunshine (a welcome escape from the Chicago winter).  The food was great and I had to stop myself from eating off my boyfriend's plate.  I got the Pilgrim since I love thanksgiving dinner and it was so delicious.  My boyfriend got the Tiki Masala (sp?) which I liked even though Indian food isn't normally my thing.  Definitely going back there every time I'm in town now.
Good after bar food... Good before bar food.. I am in LOVE with the Lamb Vindaloo pie.  Now I don't have much experience with "pastys" in England..( or anywhere else:) but BOTH the locations here serve as good as yer gonna get in the PHX area.   Cool atmosphere to experience..Learn about what a pasty is..and drink from the copious beer selection. (beer snob)  Gotta love the service too.. attentive attractive ..Prolly one of the places to be for World Cup Football fans out there!
a great British pub. Highly recommend the Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tiki Masala. Both are wonderfully tasty. Great selection of craft beers on tap.
ROTD: Part Deux.  O-M-G, That's right, OMG.  (For us who aren't 13, it means: OH MY GOD)  So the fiance and I are in town visiting her parents when lunch strikes and she asks "What do you want?"  Instantly my stance hunches over and my palms start rubbing together like Mr. Burns, "You're Hungry? Eggggseeeelllleennntt" I say.   One swipe, one touch, and a few taps later we're following the old iPhone to Cornish Pasty's Mesa location, with me, at this point, bouncing up and down in the car like a child whose forgotten to take their riddlin for the day.   "What's a Pasty?" She says...  "Oh-ho-ho" I respond with a Santa Like cheer "Just wait"  As we arrive the strip mall decor looks familiar, except instead of thinking this is an old timers pub, one may mistake it for a dry cleaners.   Inside sits an area that has to be at least twice as big as the Tempe location, complete with pews to sip on your suds and nosh away at your nostalgic nourishment.   Also Like the Tempe location, if you sit at the bar you'll see chefs hand making new pasties and the pride they put into each one.   So 17 dollars, 2 Pasties, 2 drinks and a happy fiancee later I can confidently say "SCREW YOU RECESSION!!" because she was so impressed, she even bought :)   Eat your heart out ,er...A Pasty, Alan Greenspan.
This is such a fun relaxed place to eat!! I always sit at the bar because I totally enjoy watching them prepare everything. Maybe my review won't be the best for most people checking this place out...but I have never actually had a pasty but have been here half a dozen times. So for those who are too scared of the pastys or don't see something they like or just want to check out something else on their menu...I must say, try the artichoke, bowtie pasta salad!! Its amazing! The dressing is great, as well as the spinach, pasta and feta! I have tried to replicate this at home..no success. So if you aren't the pasty type, try the salad!!
This place is AMAZING!!!!!  My mouth salivates every time I think of their food.    A great place for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  They have a wonderful variety of beer and wine to choose from.  AWESOME atmosphere!  TWO THUMBS UP!!!!
OK, decent beer selection, but no local beer on tap?  Whats with that?Place has a nice ambience but can be rather claustrophobic, service is good somtimes, and absolutley terrible on other occasions. Some of the pasties are not as good as they sound and can be quite dry.  Be careful when ordering.  The original classic pasty is always a good bet. Good yet short happy hour & a creative atlternative to the average corner pub. Could be better, could be 5 stars!
I love this place almost more than words can say.  Inexpensive, delicious, and the atmosphere is outstanding.  It is British food done in a unique manner, and it doesn't make me feel like a disgusting cow, the way that Rula Bula does for instance.  The drinks are delicious, the servers are friendly and interesting, they have a free juke box with some pretty good music on it... what else can I say?  I visited the place three times in two weeks after I first heard about it, it is that freaking awesome.
Food is great. Service is...meh.
I go here all the time because I have a bunch of friends who work in the kitchen. It's all good stuff.. I have tried most of the pastys. I love the Reuben, the Cajun, and the Royal (all horrible for you) I recommend swapping halves with a friend so you can try 2 types. Good beer selection.
I am from Michigan and I would have never guessed I could get an authentic pasty in the desert. Had the traditional pasty and it was delicious. Didn't think I could get it on the plane back to Las Vegas or I would have taken one to go
I can't describe to you how amazing these gourmet adult hot pockets taste! They literally MELT in your mouth- a few of my favorites are the Cajun Chicken, Dill Salmon, and the Stilton & Steak---Bon Appetit everyone! And don't forget about the all day everyday-$3 car bombs(you can't beat that price) their happy hour is amazing, too!
LOVE IT! Share a church pew with another family and grab an Irish car bomb. Can't remember all the pasties I've had, but I know I like the one with curry and fake chicken! Also try the garlic fries, but make sure your woman has some too so you don't sacrifice any kisses. If you're into beans, get the white beans in the tomato sauce, extra spicy; it's great, but I'm going to ask for it without cheese next time.  If you're not a drinker, the lemonade is tasty too!
I did not know what a pasty was until today. I decided to come here and try it out. There's many pasties to choose from: premium pasties (meat), veggie pasties, and dessert pasties. When I picked up the menu I think I stared at the menu for a good ten minutes before I finally settled on the chicken tikka masala (red curry) pastie. It has marinated chicken breast, tikka masala sauce, basmati rice and green peppers. Today, I choose to sit by the kitchen so I could watch the chefs in the kitchen make/bake my pasty. I waited a good ten minutes or more for my food and I understood why. They make everything from scratch. When the pasty finally came it was baked to a perfect golden brown color. When you bite into it the shell just crumbles which made it more enjoying to eat!  Go get your pasty NOW!
Every time I go, I get a different type of pasty.  I have yet to be disappointed.  The food is freakin' amazing!  I grew up eating pasties in Wisconsin and the Oggie is just like the ones I used to eat as a kid.  Yay!  Every time someone comes to visit, I take them here and even get the pasties to go because I crave them.  The only thing that needs improvement is the need for a hostess when it gets busy.
The Mesa location doesn't have quite the quaint charm of the Tempe location but the food is still great and the patio is ample. All the pasties on the menu are very good and the traditional ones do stay very true to the Old Country recipes. The dessert pasties are worth a try if you have room. I also enjoy picking up the ones you can finish baking at home. Drink prices are always good and they normally have specials going. My favourite is the Shepherd's Pie or the Bangers and Mash. Ask for extra red-wine gravy.
If you are looking for something unique and a bit edgy, this is the place for you!  Cornish Pasties are yummy baked pockets of goodness, they are so flavorful here!  I recently asked Cornish Pasty Company to cater an office event, and they were a hit!  I had the oggie, which is the traditional pasty.  Check out their website to see their menu options and read a little bit of pasty history: http://www.cornishpastyco.com/index.html, but its much better to go in, grab a pint, a pasty, and have a great time!
I love this place! I was thrilled with the vast amount of vegetarian options. The staff is friendly, the beers are good, the food is delicious and different, and the decor is awesome. If you're looking to go somewhere different and want to try something new, this is the place!
Absolutely delicious. I ordered the chicken tikka masala. Fantastic is the only word. The history of cornish pastys is also quite interesting. worth a visit for sure.
Simply amazing. Everything on the menu is excellent. The imitation ground beef is even good. While eating my girlfriend's vegetarian shepherd's pie, I didn't even realize it was imitation until it was already gone.  Great service, awesome atmosphere and decor. Very reasonably priced. Great happy hour.  Also, I just can't seem to get enough of the Strongbow Cider that they have on draft. If you haven't been to Cornish Pasty yet, you need to get off of Yelp and drive there immediately.
So without a single notion of what a Pasty actually was, I joined my usual "Find unique and interesting places to eat" group of friends to try this place out.  And boy am I glad I did.  We took a seat at the bar that overlooked the kitchen and I started off with a 20oz glass of one of my favorite wheat beers; Hoegaarden.    As we sat there watching one of the employees make a batch of Pasties, my friends and I chatted casually with himself and a few other employees about the place and what was good to eat and such.  Being adventurous I decided to try out one of the many veggie menu items and went with the Chicken Basil and Pesto Pasty.  It featured vegetarian chicken and I was curious as to how it would stack up against the real thing.  It was served quite prettily shortly after we ordered and I dug in.  Delicious!  The veggie chicken obviously wasn't a dead ringer for the real deal, but I felt it worked quite flawlessly with the rest of the contents of the dish.  After that we decided on different desserts and I chose the chocolate rum bread pudding.  It was different than any bread pudding I've ever had for starters because it was chocolate.  Next it had a crunchy outer shell that contained the gooey goodness inside.  I was informed that they were sadly out of the vanilla drizzle that normally accompanies it as well, so that would have also made it unique had they not been out.  It's also worth noting that the employees were an absolute blast to interact with as they were playing quirky and fun songs off their iPod and were just being outgoing and fun in general.  It was mentioned though that the manager was not there at the time and that usually had the place had more patrons (there were maybe 2 other couples in the place) in it they would have had to conform to more "professional" standards.    Overall it's a shame I live so far from the place because I could easily see myself becoming a regular.  Prices after pasty, dessert and 2 20oz beers and tip was just around 27 if I remember correctly.
I had talked up this place to my boyfriend (only having been to the Tempe location), so we stopped by for a drink while on our way home. First of all, compared to the Tempe CPC, this one is HUGE, and has awesome seating and a cool feel to it. We had a seat at the bar and were greeted immediately and had a few drinks. Watching the staff make the pasties and other food goods was really cool, and we'll definitely be by another time to indulge in some food.
I love this place! I've been to the other location, but not to this one since it opened.  I finally came for dinner, and am glad that I did.  Serice was great, friendly as always.  I had the Shepards Pie Pasty and it was delicious!  Very filling, and its a nice sized portion, so you walk away full.  I will be back, and always enjoy eating here!
This is our watering hole in Mesa.  They are good because:  a.) wide beer selection and they serve copious amounts if you so choose; b.) they have pasties AND good salads which is a rare find in Mesa; c.) they place just as copious amounts of Iron Maiden and have a free jukebox for that matter; and d.) consistent, friendly wait staff.    Any given night you will see an odd combination of young and aged East Valley hipsters; parental types and the working happy hour crowd.  They all get along and there is always a fair amount of seating available.  At night they light candles which gives some unique ambiance that can't really be found in Az.
One of the best spots in Mesa!  Cool atmosphere, great music, and super nice wait staff!  Oh, those pasties!  So delicious!  My goal is to try every single one!  Only complaint...they never have the 34 oz. mugs in stock!
I have been going to cornish pasty co for a long time now. We always went to the tempe location, but once the mesa location opened, it was were we always go. It is closer to where my wife and I live. I have to say the best pasty to get has to be the carne adovada pasty. I have probably eaten this pasty at least 50 times, and every single time I get it, I enjoy it as much as the first time. A place with great atmosphere, service and food. A must try for any person who enjoys quality food.
Finally made it to CPC for dinner last night. One of our friends is moving out of town so we headed over for drinks and dinner and took over one of the large tables inside. It took awhile for our whole party to arrive, but our server was nice and was attentive to drinks and the like. Once everyone arrived, we ordered our food. Our server was a little....ditzy? She asked for mine and my friend's order twice...and after we were like "um you already got ours?", she bought out an extra plate when we got our food. Whatevs.   I got the cajun chicken again. Man it's so good. We got a round of $3 Irish carbombs. Shared an apple caramel pasty for dessert. It was a good night.
Superb.  I have not met a pasty I didn't like here.  Oggie, veggie oggie, lamb vindaloo, carne adovada, etc., and the list goes on, and will continue to grow as I eat my way through the menu.  This is a great place for vegetarians as well since they use Quorn and faux ground beef.  My veggie oggie was almost indistinguishable in taste from a regular oggie.  Dessert is also excellent.  I've had the apple caramel pasty and it was the perfect way to end our meal.  This is a must-eat-at restaurant.  Plus, with enough happy hour car bombs ($2 after 10 PM, and from 3-5 PM), you can giggle inwardly (or outwardly) at the thought of eating something called "pasty" (yes, even though it really is pronounced Pass-teee).
Best Food Ever. The giant glasses of Strongbow are a plus as well. Love the staff too :) I even had my 25th Birthday party here!
This place is awesome.  What's even better, I live walking distance from it.  If you've never had a pasty, do yourself a favor and try one.  These things are huge.  Lots of ingredients wrapped into a pastry shell and baked.  My God!  Drink selection is good here.  Bloody Mary bar on Sundays.  Check it out
I literally cannot find fault with this place. As you walk in, they've got these super long booths that invite and encourage big groups, tall ornamental candles with long trails of wax that occasional reach down to the table, and just the right dimness to evoke an intimate atmosphere without necessitating a flashlight to read the menu.   The pasties are all incredible. My one regret about this place is that I wish I could try every single one, but there are something like 30 to choose from, and it alway stakes me an inordinate amount of time to choose. They have thoroughly mastered the art of incorporating just about any cuisine into that delectable pasty crust. You like straight up Irish style? They got it. You want steak? They have that. Are you a fan of Indian food?! Yes, they have one of those. How about a cheeseburger pasty? YES. Each variation is so tempting, I've actually found myself considering their vegetarian options, and I'm about as vehemently anti-vegetarian as they come. So, yeah, the food's good.  Beer-wise, I love this place. Love. It. First, you get to pick what size beer you want (16, 20, or 32 oz, or pint, imperial pint, and stein). Then, pick from their draft selection. Yes, it's not a very wide selection, but look what you're getting: Boddington's, Guinness, Rogue Hazelnut Brown, DOGFISH HEAD 90 MINUTE(!!!). You simply cannot leave here unsatisfied. And if that wasn't enough, during happy hour Irish Car Bombs are only $3. I believe a better deal simply doesn't exist in Tempe. Do yourself a favor and eat here as soon as possible.
Cornish Pasty Company, "It's a place that makes Hot Pockets" says James. Hummmmm....that is just gross I say.  I realize the Nestle Company has sold billions of these nasty things since the 70's, but I don't want to go to a restaurant and eat Hot Pockets.  After reading the incredible reviews about this place I could not resist.   Not much to the outside of the place and seriously I would not have given the place a chance if I was driving by.  Inside is comfortable and inviting.  We were asked to seat ourselves and the server was over to take our drink orders almost immediately.  They have a good selection of mostly beers but the real focus here is the food.  35 or so combinations of pastry filled pies which makes deciding a bit difficult.  If you go you may want to check out the menu online beforehand or be prepared to browse the menu for awhile.  Our choice was the steak & cheese and one filled with sausage.  Both were incredible.  On the side, we had a choice of red wine gravy or mustard cream.  I asked our server which one she recommended and she said she would bring both.  Wow...funny I had not thought of that, but glad she did as both sauces were delicious. With a valley full of so-so restaurants it is always refreshing to find a truly good place to eat.
I dont know if its the quality of the food, the atmosphere or the great selection of beer here, but Dean and the rest of the people over at the Cornish Pasty Co. know what the hell they're doing! This place is awesome and if you've never been...get off your ass and check it out!  Growing up in Michigan, the pasty is somewhat of a local food (by way of English immigrants). If you're from northern Michigan, the pasty is nothing new to you. However, the pasties we grew up with are not the pasties they serve here. Dean has taken the idea of the traditional pasty and put a totally high end, almost gourmet twist into the mix. Look for southwestern and Greek flavors as well as traditional English and Italian pasties. The Oggie or O.G. is awesome. Simple, traditional and good.   The staff is friendly, helpful and colorful! Check out the juke box witch contains mostly, if not all British bands. Just another nice touch.  Ahhh a Pasty and a Pint! Life is good.
If you want a filling and creative meal- this is it! How can you get better than a pie crust wrapped around anything from salmon and asparagus , greek feta chicken -to a thanksgiving meal - and wash it down with a cold beer- this place is a must taste- and you're hooked!  The only draw back was squeezing my very pregnant friend into a church pew booth- when pull out seats were limited- but - we left happily full with leftovers for later. GO!!
I don't exactly know how to describe a pasty if you've never had one before.  I had never even heard of them until recently, when I read a review of this place.  Always the adventurous type when it comes to food, I figured I'd give it a shot.  How bad could it be?  It's fantastic.  At it's simplest, a pasty is a beautifully filled pastry with meat, potatoes, veggies and some sort of sauce.  Like a chicken pot pie without the tin.  But better.  Oh so much better.  And if chicken isn't your thing, fear not - they have pasties of pretty much anything you could imagine!    We went this past Saturday to try it out.  I like the decor, cool black wall, love the church pews to sit at the communal tables - also a long bar or some small tables to sit at if communal seating isn't your bag, baby.    The menu is quite extensive, a few pages worth of different pasties - a full page dedicated to vegetarian options (certainly not for me, but good to know!).  They have a nice drink menu as well, I suppose depending on what you're looking for.  They nod their head to the winos with a pretty limited selection (think there were 4 different types, nothing too spectacular).  The beer list is extensive, and perfect for the setting and menu.  Lots of american and english brews, quite the variety actually.  And with the draft beers you get a choice of 14oz, 20oz or 32oz.  All of them decently priced.  (For the record, I had a Boddingtons and it was delicious).  $3 Irish car bombs, all the time.  (plus a couple other shot/drink specials) but that one jumped out at me.    To the food.  I had the Oggie, which is described as the traditional pasty.  Steak, potatoes, onions and rutabaga with a red wine gravy.  It was brought to me with ketchup or more red wine gravy for additional moist-maker if you so choose.  It was great.  Steak was tasty, not too tough (i'm sure it's not filet mignon, but it was certainly good quality for a filler).  I'm still not sure what a rutabaga is, but I know I like it, at least in this dish!  Couldn't decide what I liked better the ketchup or gravy, so I went back and forth with each subsequent bite.    The wife had the spicy Asiago Chicken.  Perfectly cooked chunks of chicken breast with a slab of asiago cheese (melted and oh-so-gooey delicious), hatch chiles, black beans.  She was quite happy with this one.    We also ordered a side of the garlic "chips" which are pretty much oven baked french fries - just like an order of fish and chips.    We ended on the Chocolate bread and butter pudding served with creme anglaise and vanilla ice cream.  So decadent and quite tasty.  Perfect ending.  I can't wait to go back and try new varieties of the pasty.  The options seemed limitless.  Not to mention go back and drink all their beers and partake of the $3 car bombs.    Service was good, although the pasties take a few minutes to cook.  So don't expect it to be "fast food."  Good food takes a bit of time to cook properly!  They told us about this when we ordered, so the delay was expected and welcomed (gave me more time to enjoy the Boddingtons!).
The stars say it all. Over a hundred reviews and it has 4.5 stars. You can't go wrong! I prefer this location over tempe, it seems to be less packed at busy times. I love sitting with strangers in the pews! Honestly, I wish i worked here, it has a great vibe! I see this company expanding across the valley!  Food: You can't go wrong! Almost everything comes with its unique sauce to dip in. The desert menu, i feel needs some work. The one with the bananas, yes its good, but anyone could make it at home.  BEST THING ON THE MENU!!! Sounds weird...but the baked broccoli and cauliflower appetizer. Its hot, cheesy...and healthy all at the same time!
I'm feeling bad about giving this place just an "A-OK" because of the many positive reviews. I can't personally say I'm a huge fan of this place, so I can't give it four stars, but I will say that I will be visiting this place again. The beer selection is really great and the mugs are worth a smile. The atmosphere is "young and hip" and reminds me of a Scottish Pub I visited in the past.  The staff is truly nice and trying to be helpful.  Though we went at a weird time because our server changed in the middle. The food though wasn't what I hyped it up to be, perhaps I set the bar too high.  The soup though was totally weird.  My sister and I ordered two soup; one was way too salty and the other was truly bland.  The Pasty itself wasn't bad.  I've never had a pasty and it tasted very well, Pasty.  The taste won't blow you away or cause you to over-eat, but it is fun to eat, and the non traditional pasties are worth trying.  The other thing we ordered was a lemonade.  That was pretty good.  Over all, the atmosphere was pretty good, but judging on food, it was a little better than okay and kind of interesting.  Oh, almost forgot, the food is truly very very filling. We had: Cottage Pie Pasty Lemonade Chicken Tikka Masala Pasty Leek Soup  I went with my mother recently and she totally digs the food, and I found it more memorable than the first time, but the food still didn't blow me away, still, I'll be visiting again.
Not sure why i am giving them a review.  looks like they have plenty of support.  i have had the cajun, and steak and cheese pasty.  both were excellent.  little crowded sometimes.  patience is need here.  it take time to make each pasty, they aren't premade and frozen, so expect to be there a minimum for an hour for luch.  the servers are very nice and polite.  nice to eat something different for a change.  but i will be going back more i am sure.
Don't just drive by, go in!!! I've never been so full! Great drink specials, especially Sunday! Love the ambiance, low lights and candles, but don't forget to order some shots like my fav the Rotten Apple. Still working our way through the menu, don't have a fav yet all have been delicious!
Great little place, great food too. Between the tattoo and piercing-ridden staff and the interesting decor, this place reminds me of 'back home'. It really looks like a spot I would have enjoyed going to in the Park Ave. area of Rochester, NY. The place has some communal seating (complete with vintage church pews as benches) and also an outdoor area for people who can't get enough of the heat (or like to smoke, I suppose).  The menu is vast - I was amazed at all the different pasty options I had. I do wish they had the traditional without rutabega, but I settled on one with beef, cheddar and potatoes instead. It was moist and flavorful and the crust was perfect. I know what a "real" pasty is and although these are slightly different than what I'm used to, they are definitely worth it.  One thing to note - thought not surprising - their beer selection is not run of the mill. I asked for a Bud Light and the server looked at me like I was from outer space. After she helpfully pointed out the options on their beer menu (with offerings from mostly European breweries) I had the opportunity to try something new, and I was happy for it.
Cornish Pasty Company is my first stop on my quest to try the Hot on Yelp top 5...  I've had homemade pasties years ago so i was very excited to try this place.  I'm surprised its taken me this long to try this place because the hype is insane!  As i've said before about places that are super hyped....believe the hype on this one! this is one of those places where the menu makes it tough to decide on one thing.    Based on previous reviews and a trusted opinion from a fellow yelper (Robert J.) that joined me for dinner, i decided to try the Royale with Cheese.  Bomb-delicious!.  Robert J. decided to try something new and he had the Rosemary Steak.  Since the pasties are cut in half by default, the decision go half-sies was easy.  Rosemary Steak was also Bomb-delicious.  I wish i could give a deeper description of each but it would really be tough.  You just have to try it yourself.  As a side we split the oven chips which are pretty much steak fries seasoned with salt and pepper (nothing to be crazy about but decent).  This place also seems like a cool place to chill and have an adult beverage.  They carry a nice variety of draft beers from across the world and i must say, a beer with the pasty is a solid combo.  Until next time...
I am in love with Cornish Pasty Co. The servers are friendly and the food is yummy.  Yup, that's right.  Yummy.  Everything has that made-from-scratch feel (cause it is).  I like the Greek salad (amazing pesto vinaigrette) and chicken pesto pasty best.  For you non pesto-junkies there's a full menu of delicious pasties to select from.    FYI: Save room for dessert! Just saying.
The main reason to miss a star is that the one that we ordered (the mint-lamb) was a bit dry to my taste and no mint to taste at all. For desert we had the apple one and that was much better. I'd like to try a different one some other time and compare :).  Good environment, and for groups, friendly staff who would explain you what they are cooking!!
Great range of pasty choices on the menu. Cool, friendly staff. Make sure you don't sit in the back as service there is a bit slower. Guinness on tap (amongst others).   I have to come back a few more times to try a few other pasties. The oggie is tasty. Id like to try the royale with cheese.  Pasties are "Cornish", not "Finnish". Subtley different than what I'm used to but delicious nonetheless.
My friend just bought a house dangerously close to this place. I've been 3 times in the last 2 weeks, and I live 25 miles away. I love this friend, but her proximity to magical pasties may be contributing to my frequent visits. I've sat at the bar, at a church pew table inside, and at a booth outside under the misters (during the short-lived reprieve from this heat). The bar is cool, you can watch the kitchen staff weigh out the pasty ingredients and craft those life-changing vessels of goodness. And get second, third, and fourth carbombs rather quickly. Which, by the by, are $3. All. The. Time. I've sampled many a pasty, as I've usually been with a group. Have to say the Carne Adovada has by far been my favorite, with the Royale with Cheese coming in at a close second. Mmmmm Thousand Island dressing, hello! The decor is pretty awesome, understated. Definitely, definitely, definitely do the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert. It will not disappoint.
Awesome atmosphere, food, and only 3 dollars for irish car bombs! A different style of food totally worth every penny. I visit every chance I get.
When trying to decide where to meet some friends for dinner, Cornish Pasty was suggested and I excitedly agreed. I had read great reviews, so was happy to finally visit for myself.  The food was great- worth a four or even a five star review. There were a few things that really hurt the quality of the experience for me.  The seating at CPC is four sets of church pew seats around tables fashioned from large doors. What was frustrating is that each set of seats were occupied with really small groups of 2-4 people. The waitstaff could have easily asked people to move to one end of the pews or the other, and the length could easily hold two separate sets of diners without encroaching on either party's personal space. Instead, we stood and waited for 15 minutes.  Second, the temperature of the place was hot and muggy. Running some fans or turning up the AC a teeny bit would have made things more comfortable.  The music was really loud, and we had to shout over it to talk across the table. It seemed a little like they were trying to be more of a bar/hipster hangout than a restaurant.   The service left a bit to be desired, but I don't fault our sweet waitress. She was nice and as attentive as she could be, but admitted she was frazzled as there were only two on shift for the entire restaurant. Since I've only been once I don't know if that's the norm, but I hope not.  One important note- if you are a picky eater, take a look at their menu online and call ahead a few hours early for special orders. You can't make any substitutions as everything is made in advance and half-cooked, then finished cooking when ordered. A bit of a bummer though, because you have to order 2 for special orders.  Something that stood out in a great way was their entire page of vegetarian pasty selections. So awesome! I hadn't had a good shepherd's pie since ditching meat many years ago, so it was great to have a well made veggie version. If and when I return, I'll definitely try some of the other meatless pockets of deliciousness.  Also, the mushy peas were out of this world. Although, this is coming from someone who eats peas right out of the can.
And now for my 300th review...........  What is a pasty?  It's a lovely piece of pastry filled with yummy stuff.  You can fill a pasty with almost everything.  Shepard's Pie, Cottage Pie, Chicken Tikka Masala, meat and cheese or something akin to a Chicken Pot Pie.  It's all delicious!  Sounds like a Hot Pocket you say?  Oh no, no, no, this is much more and infinetly better than an item you find in the frozen food section of your local grocer.  A pasty is fresh, not frozen, and the filling choices are infinetly better than the stardard ham and cheese or pepperoni pizza hot pocket.    This location is bigger than the Tempe location.  There are several longer tables in the front, several tables on a patio outside, as well as tables along the corridor and, if you choose, there is the bar where you can watch them prepare your food.  The servers are friendly and knowledgable.  It is a causual atmosphere.  I have been here many times and always had great service.  The have many beers on tap but sadly, nothing local.  I would bump it up one more star if they added a couple of local brews.  And they know how to pour a pint of Guiness!  It's a great spot to hang out and have a pint or two and when you get hungry take a look at the 3 page menu.  You will have a hard time choosing so you'll have to come back again and again.....  If you like the English Pub feel, this is the place for you.  This would be my "local" if I lived closer but it is close enough to lure me here frequently. And if you've had a long day and would like some take out, you can do that too.  They will do a half bake on a pasty for you then you take it home and bake it for about 20 minutes and viola! dinner!   And even though I was just there yesterday, I am craving another!  Maybe it's because I'm part Welch and Irish.  Thank you Cornish Pasty Company!!
CPC, you would have gotten FIVE stars if your service didn't suck butt.  this review has been a long time coming, as i am fairly lazy.  i dislike waiting. a great deal. i do however understand that sometimes it's necessary. i expected some wait time at this place, due to the nature of the beast. i did not expect rude and ridiculously slow service, as in we sat for 20 minutes for a refill and they were not busy. this was after we'd sat there for 15 minutes waiting for girl to take our order, not busy at that time either. after we ate, she was ever so prompt in bringing the check, but we waited another 15 minutes for her to pick it up!  we were there for 1.5 hours, which is just too long for me. and no fault to the decor (which is very interesting, church pews and glassed-in doors for tables) but you're uncomfortable with no padding.  i'll eat here again, but only if someone goes and picks it up for me. i'd rather not go in again after that kind of service. my pasty was delicious, the fries were...not my favorite kind, but that's ok.
Finally knocked this one off the list.  I now understand why the average life span of a 15th Century Cornish miner was like 30 years... these Pasties pack a wallop.  Not the best meal but very hearty.
Cornish Pasty is a great example of my theory that food inside of food is always delicious!  I've never had a bad experience with anything on their menu, although I favor the Pesto Chicken and the Chicken Tikka Massala the most.  If you decide to visit after 5 on a weekend, be prepared to wait.  Any earlier than 5pm will usually result in quicker service, but in my opinion, the lack of a crowd sort of takes away from the unique atmosphere.  Their happy hour is great also; they have a fair selection of drafts, including one of my favorite Colorado breweries, Ska.  And nothing goes better with a piping hot pasty than an ice cold brew!
There are so few places worth the hype.. Cornish Pasty.. THE EXCEPTION.  The Pilgram is the Third Thursday of November in one bite.. Truly unique, and one of the most take you to a place, and time bites.. The decor, music, and the staff, really make this place work, The prices are right in line, and they have a real kick ass beer selection, I have read about spotty service, and I could see that being the case, but man... the food.. Probably the best meal under 10 bucks in the Copa.. Thanks CP!
I've gone to Cornish Pasty Co. once a week since the first time I tried it last month.  Believe the hype!! Delicious food, ultra cool comfortable ambience, delicious brew and super nice staff, even if perhaps a little slow sometimes.  Seat yourself and enjoy, I tried the Cottage Pie first, which was good, my hubby ordered the Chicken Pesto, it was great.  Next time around I got the Oggie and there is definitely a reason this is first on their menu, soooooo delicious, like a delicious beef stew in a crust, newbies start here! The Cheesesteak is also soooo delicious, my husband hasn't ventured outside of that one since he first tried it cause he doesn't believe anything will ever taste as delicious. Their fries/chips are okay, and I've only tried their soup with black beans which was tasty and spicy.  definitely save room for dessert because the apple caramel pasty haunts my daydreams, its that good.  Unfortunately my pre-holiday guilt is kicking in so I'm gonna have to cut back to only going every other week so as not to tip the scales soon but I will definitely make my way through their entire menu eventually and report back =)
Yummmmm!  I've loved every pasty I've tried and always bring out-of-town guests here.  My favorite is to sit at the bar (especially during lunch time) and watch the delicious magic of pasty making.  Ok, that is a lie; my FAVORITE part is sitting at the bar when they bust open the can of dulce de leche and give me a spoonful :) I love the tables made doors and church pews, the drippy candles in wine bottles, and the rockin' juke box selection.  I desperately need to try the full English breakfast pasty to reminiscence about my summers in London.  However, for being such a hipster joint I am very disappointed that there is not a bike rack....
I prefer this location over the one in Tempe. It's less crowded and less hipster. I always sit at the bar, it has the most lighting in the place. The food is always on point. The cooks are super friendly, the servers don't pay much attention but I can over look that because the cooks always get me what I need, with out so much as even a blink. The music is always in good taste. And I am always in good company. I'd like to say this is one of my favorite restaurants to visit, when I'm not watching my weight. :)
Delicious! Loved the food, very creative and very reasonably priced. FYI, I recommend the chicken/portobello pasty. I wanted to try one of the dessert ones, but I was stuffed after lunch. The guys working behind the counter were very nice (and cute) and the decorating and atmosphere was pleasant and clean. I'd definitely recommend it.
darkish lighting, church pews (first time i actually didnt mind sitting in a church pew), tables made of doors with glass over them, and good music. this place does a great job of setting a comfy and relaxing atmosphere right from the get go. be aware that seating is first come first serve so if you want one of the roomy booths outside, you'll have to go during the weekday or get there early on a Friday night and stake your claim. they fill up rather fast.  service was great. everyone was extremely friendly and our waitress was totally attentive. she was really patient as we picked through the menu and tried to decide what tastiness to eat. oh and did i mention that rather decent selection of beers and a cider or two? yeah, that. soooo delicious. i did see only one local beer on tap (Kiltlifter) but it didnt disturb me too much since i saw quite a few delicious Belgian and German beers. don't get me wrong, i'm all for local but i can be swayed by supreme tastiness.   i had the meat and cheese pasty, our friend had the philly cheese steak, and the boyfriend had the vindaloo. surprisingly the vindaloo did not suck. i dug the peas and the moist chicken. my meat and cheese was awesome. i mean c'mon, its meat and cheese. the sausage had a great sage-y taste to it and the cheese was uber melty. the philly cheese steak tasted EXACTLY like a delicious cheese steak from philly.   all in all, this might become my new haunt. i saw that they had great brunch specials and lots of mimosas/beer. how could i NOT come back?
My brother turned me on to this spot. I was first skeptical about going to a place that sounded like all they served was large hot pockets. But to my surprise this place was anything but ordinary! The whole concept is very creative for a restaurant. I love the history of the pasty too. They also serve my very favorite beer in the world on tap...... HOGARDEN! I stop by on the regular now for a Pilgrim pasty (the best!) and a hogarden! If you haven't been you gotta try it!
2010 Best Place for Holiday Food and Ambiance!   I look forward to taking my family here (Mesa location) and having the wonderful food and drink.  Everyone with Scotch-Irish heritage should try this place.  It's food like my little Seanmhair used to make!
A friend told me he was taking me somewhere "interesting." Understatement of the year. The atmosphere was rich, the food was great, the service was friendly and the music was phenomenal. I don't know how they choose their tunes but it was the perfect soundtrack to a unexpectedly pleasant evening. I don't like to use the word "hip," but there's almost no better word to describe the experience. This is a great place to take friends and/or family.  Since the pasty's are cut in half, my friend and I decided to order something different and then split. Seeing as it is November and Thanksgiving is just around the corner, we went with 'The Pilgrim' (roasted turkey/chicken, sweet potatoes, grilled onions and stuffing), and to see how they handle mainstream, we also got the 'Royale With Cheese' - yes, that is an amazing name. It's essentially 'their cheeseburger.'  I had half of each, two glasses of Kronenbourg 1664, and I must say it was one of the best meals I have had in a restaurant in some time. The service was incredible - friendly, personal, and quick - and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to everyone I know, as tempting as it is to keep such a wonderful location as "our little secret."
This place is unsurpassed regarding great service, impressive draught beer selection, food, music selection...it's so HIP I almost forgot I was in Mesa, AZ.  It's a place you'll want to add to your list to take folks when you want to have fun and eat well too   http://www.doggiestepsdogtraining.com/
The food here is alright, however, the service is not very good. I went on a thursday night and it was pretty busy. I sat outside because that was the only area with open seating. Unfortunately I sat right by some people smoking (not the restaurant's fault, but not pleasant either). It took 20 minutes for our order to be taken and another 45 minutes to get our food. When i finally came, it was good and I like their concept, it just took too long. I was told that the pasties are premade so there can't be any substitutions in them, yet it took so long to make them.. curious. Anyway, I would give them a second chance, but as of now, they were not such a good experience.
So good we went back the next day.  I fell in love with the pasty in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and never thought I would find any as good in Arizona but these pasties are the BEST. The oggie was fantastic and I love that I can go with my vegetarian friend and they have a PAGE of vegetarian options. The oven fries rocked and I love HP sauce (ask for it as well as the gravy) I think we will probably end up there once a month.  Good value too!
I've been coming to this location for over a year with friends and the service has always been friendly (understandably a bit slower on the food delivery when it gets busy). The food is always top notch and we have yet to get anything here that we don't like...aside from mixed drinks, but there's enough on tap to not worry about that.
this place was okay, going to give it another chance to really decide. Atmosphere is pretty cool, you feel comfortable soon as you walk in..seat yourself place. After we placed our orders one of the two pastys we ordered had ran out which kinda sucked. checked out the alcohol menu and seemed to have a large variety, and good deals for happy hour as well. food was okay, had the Alfredo pasty and the spicy asiago chicken. Was not anything that knocked my socks off, but it satisfied the hunger. like i said will probably give it another chance and try something else and def give the desert a chance because they look delicious!
Holy monkey.  Talk about a place that, originally, I had no interest in going to.  However my friend whom is a master at introducing me to things that are awesome yet inconspicuous, told me this place was 'legit'.    Alright she didn't say 'legit'. She said CPC fucking awesome.  You happy now?? You caught me lying.  (I'm just trying to fit in!)    Anyway, this place IS mos' def' FUCKING AWESOME!   You get a freshly baked 'wee pie'  (wee is the word I use for fucking huge) filled with amazingly fresh ingredients, tossed in front of you and served with spectacular 'red wine gravy'  which is a badass entity unto itself.   Dude, It is impossible to not gorge here.  NOM NOM TIME!  CPC has a huuuuge selection of interesting love pockets, even a dessert selection! And to my amazement, a WHOLE page dedicated to you retards who are vegan.  Pretty shanzy if I do say so.  And I do. Say. So.    One ITSY BITSY critique:  Please please please come take my order BEFORE I sit in front the chefs making the damn delish pasties for 20 minutos.  I love hearing from and watching the people who craft my food, but not when I know I may die of hunger waiting for my waiter to take my fa-reaking order.   Holy fuck,  I get it if you're busy, but on a monday afternoon??  I need food. I'm a 'stocky' (euphemism for tubby) white guy, I needs to eat.  Your pasties, while divine, take like another 20+ minutes to bake!  Hear my roar of hungers good employees of CPC! (roar) Order taking and scarffing MUST COMMENCE  within 30 minutes (or less) of my  hairy bean bag of an ass making contact with said sitting apparatus of my choosing.     Regardless of my impatience, You 'effing ROCK CPC! I'll be back!
Dude.    Went back to CPC.    Ordered taken quickly, got me some hibiscus tea (wtf pink drink?  it's awesome).     HOWEVER, there was a mixup with my order.       Break it down:   SAME day of the week, SAME server as last time, DIFFERENT location in restaurant (outside table with squishy seats) NEW, BIGGER issue than last time.... but... was it really?       And of course you're asking, why a FIVER now?      Lemmie 'splain:   Even though things went sideways, our waitress did not falter under the pressure of said 'eff up.  She didn't avoid the issue or ignore my table and  she brought me a SECOND pasty for FREE along with my original (but slightly late) order.  Her course correction was done in record time (10 minutes or less), pretty amazing considering Pasty's take somewhere in the neighborhood of 20-30 mintues to cook (I could be wrong with my timing here)     Conclusion:  Ku-fucking-dos CPC.  Open mouth, insert foot via my original critique. I'm now CPC'S BFL (bitch for life).   :::Cabbage Patch:::
Cool place. Very busy, get their early.  Still looking for my favorite pasty. Got the chocolate bread desert, it was GREAT! Will go their again!
Usually I take a while to go back and contemplate a few days over an experience at a restaurant, but today's meal was so delicious, I am writing a review right away.  I went to the Cornish Pasty for lunch.  I drove from the Northern part of Mesa, so it was a good 25 minute drive each way for lunch.  I was hoping for the best to drive that far and take a longer lunch.  The menu was very diverse and suited many types of cravings.  They had everything in the pasty from chicken pot pie to chicken tikka massala.  I would like to try one of those one day, but I opted for the portobello vinagrette.  It came with a piping hot side of marinara sauce that had some fresh garlic cut into the sauce.  When I took that first bite, I felt like I was in heaven.  The serving size is very good and I got pretty full from one pasty.  If I had room for more, they had dessert pasties as well, such as a caramel apple.  Well worth the drive, and I will definitely make a visit to the Tempe location closer to home.
GREAT food! Excellent restaurant. The food took a little while to come out, but it was definitely worth it! We will definitely be going back sometime soon. I was pleased to see an entire vegetarian menu!
I must say I was skeptical at first. The name didn't exactly draw me in--wasn't sure what a pasty was anyway. And when someone explained it to me, I was like, "Ew-I don't know about this." Well let's say I was very wrong! Pasties are the yummiest things ever. I dream about the Veggie Greek. Their mushroom walnut soup with fresh baked bread on the side is divine. The desserts...OMG, so amazing. Try the Shirley Temple pudding if you're a toffee lover, or the chocolate bread pudding if you're a chocolate lover. I happen to be both! The staff is friendly and takes good care of you. The location in Mesa is definitely bigger with more tables available, but we go to the one in Tempe too because it's closer to work. My only complaint, and perhaps why I didn't go with 5 stars is the way the first come-first serve seating works, especially at Mesa, because there will be a party of 2 taking up one of the huge booths (made with real church pews--how cool is that?) even when there are smaller tables available, and then our party of 4-6 will have to hang around and wait. But it is always worth the wait :)
Finally decided to check this place out with the hubby last night and the food definitely lived up to the yelp hype. Everything was extremely tasty. We took a trip to the UK last year and that was the first time I had encountered pasties which were viewed there more as street food to eat on the run, like hot dogs are in NY. But I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by the menu here since there are so many options! They have every kind of pasty you could want, even tex-mex and Italian style options. I went for the traditional British shepherd's pie and it was amazingly good. My husband got the rosemary steak which I had a bite of and I thought it was also very good, although neither of us liked the sauce it came with. Since it was a chilly night, we started with the soup; he had the potato-leek and I had the mushroom. Both were very good although I could feel my arteries clogging up as I drank mine (think major butter/cream). We also ordered garlic chips (wedge fries with chopped roasted garlic on top) and they were d-lish! As it turned out the pasties were so large we really should not have ordered sides but I forced myself to box up half of mine so that I could save room for desert. I had the Shirley Temple pudding which was this amazing British-style pudding with caramel sauce that made the top and edges a little crispy. It came with the sweet cream to drizzle on top. It was like bread candy. I know that sounds weird but it was seriously good.   I agree with the other reviewers that the service is extremely slow. We were there for over 2 1/2 hours! But I got the impression it was due to them being short-staffed and the fact that the nature of the food means it takes a while to cook... rather than the servers being rude or snobby. The excellent variety of beers on tap (including Strongbow cider, yay!) means that you can keep yourself entertained in the interim and the food is definitely worth the wait. I highly recommend you give them a try on a night when you are looking for something a little out of the ordinary and you have time to kill.
From the bar, I watched my food being prepared by dudes who look like they're from Seattle. And then served by chicks who look like they're from Seattle. And now I'm enjoying my Cottage Pie Pasty amongst other diners who all look like they're from Seattle. Except the guy over there with no neck wearing the Affliction shirt which is two sizes too small, rocking the Bluetooth earpiece; he's clearly from the Jersey Shore. Or North Scottsdale.  I've been to both Cornish Pasty locations, and I gotta say that they do a great job with the space(s) they occupy. This haunt in Mesa - like the one in Tempe - occupies a strip mall (as do 98.5% of the restaurants in the East Valley), but it sure doesn't feel like it once you're inside. And I dig that.  As for the dough these things come in ... It's, like, equal parts flour, Jesus, and butter! From this point forward, I'm dedicating my life to reverse engineering these mofos and then opening a Cornish Pasty. In Seattle.  Let's just say I'm a fan.
Why does this place have a FUNKY smell to it? The first time my friend and I came, it smelled. The second time was no different. I've worked at restaurants before and the smell replicate that of a DIRTY kitchen. Like the floors, rubber mats or the mops haven't been cleaned. The smell of sewage reaps over the entire restaurant. Instead of savoring the pasty aroma as it was being brought out to us from the oven, my friend and I couldn't get over the nasty smell of funk!   The bathroom was also DISGUSTING! I remember being a busboy at a family owned restaurant in Mesa and the staff would always have bathroom duties every hour or so, checking on the bathroom and do general whip-downs and toilet cleaning. It's really a managerial duty to assign tasks like these to the staff.  Moving on to the pasty... well, it was pretty darn good! My friend had the Oogie and I ordered the Greek Chicken. I like the Oogie more... the sauce that accompanied it was delicious, it seemed like it was roux-based; but the second time we went there they gave us a totally different sauce with our Oogie. They had some other sauce with it that tasted like berries. We asked out server if they had another sauce similar to our first visit. We tried explaining what the sauce was like, in terms or color, texture, and goodness, but she came out with a comparable - H.D. (?) sauce. It was ok - not the same though. I was a little disappointed...   Loved the flaky crust, btw.  I really like their food, but aside from the smell it was good! I'll try the Tempe location next time, maybe it'll be less stinky.
Love this place!  The atmosphere is amazing.. I like this location better than the University location becasue it is larger, brighter, has outdoor seating and it easier to get in.  LOVE CORNISH!
When I walked into the Cornish Pasty Co., I immediately felt like I was home. I know how strange that probably sounds, but it's true. The restaurant itself is extremely laid back and comfortable, and set up very differently than any other restaurant I've ever been to. Instead of tables, they have pews with long tables in between and candles made from bottles on every table. My friends and I were seated immediately, and the server, Mike, got our drink orders quickly.   Once my friends and I decided what we wanted, we waited maybe 10-20 minutes for our food to arrive. I ordered the Philly Pasty, which had meat, Swiss cheese, peppers, and onions in it. The food, once it was ready, took about five minutes to get to our table. The crust of the pasty was amazing: golden and crunchy, perfect. The stuffing, on the other hand was a different story. The stuffing was lukewarm; I wasn't impressed with the temperature. It was still delicious, but it definitely could have been warmer. The food was served on metal plates and the drinks were served in huge, heavy glasses. I felt like I was back in time, to be honest.   Our server, Mike, checked on us regularly, but he was listening to his iPod and eating on the job... that didn't inspire much confidence for this particular dining experience. He was also doing dishes intermittently, which is acceptable but at the same time it just struck me as odd that he was doing them instead of waiting his tables.  All in all, it was a positive dining experience, and I would definitely go back to that Cornish Pasty Co. location. Next time, I would just make sure my food was warm when it reached the table.
Cool place. Wear whatever you want. sit with whoever you want. Chat, have fun... and quit worrying about life.  Can't wait to take a date here for the candlelight dinner. :)
We have been coming to this place for awhile now and it is one of my favorite places to eat.  There are usually quite a few people inside sitting on the church pew seats and enjoying their meals off the old doors covered with glass tables.  The place is not fancy, but very different.  Decor is very simple with just black and white as the theme.  The people who work there are mostly college age kids.  They work hard here, dishing out awesome meals.  The food will not disappoint anyone.  The pickiest eater can find something  that will please them.  There are over 20 delicious pasties, many without meat.  Everything is cooked to order, so it takes abit to get your food, but the wait is worth it!  I usually go with my wife.  We like to sit near the bar at the patio doors.  I usually order the Greek pastie with an order of roasted potatoes, which I wash down with a Four Peaks Kilt Lifter beer (my fav!).  When you order the Greek, they give you little containers of tzatziki sauce  and some other sauce (which I am not fond of).  This is an especially awesome place to go to when it is really cold out as they use these huge ovens inside to bake your food, and it is really nice and toasty there.  In the summer, they have two patios to enjoy the fresh air.  So remember if you want a meal that is different, filling and comfortable at a decent price, this is the place to go.  There is another location in Tempe, but I have not been there yet.
I would give the food a 4 the price a 3 and the service a 1.  Not sure if I would go back but I can't say the food wasn't good.   Probably wouldn't be too bad if I had a couple hours to kill watching how NOT to treat customers.
If you like British (Cornish) pasties you are in for a treat! There are so many varieties to try, I definitely need to go back. I never had authentic pasties whilst in London but the food seems legit. I also like hanging out just to hear the music. They typically play Lou Reed, Depeche Mode, The Smith, and The Cure. It brings back memories! Definitely worth visiting!
Wow, I was definitely impressed by this restaurant. I don't normally like pasties or pies that aren't sweet. And the English aren't exactly famous for their cuisine. But Cornish Pasty Co pulls it off so well. They've got your straight up traditional pasties with meat and potatoes, but they've also got some Italian or Mexican fusion pasties.   Today, I got the Bangers and Mash - I thought I'd start out with something more traditional-sounding. Alex A. got the Chicken Alfredo. I liked mine better than his. The pasty crust was so moist and flaky - not at all hard and dry like what I usually get from pasties. My favorite part was the red wine gravy. It was AMAZING and totally pulled the entire pasty together. Alex's Chicken Alfredo, on the other hand, came with a marinara sauce, which I thought was too sweet/tomato-y. We also got a side of garlic/jalapeno chips, which actually means fries in British. They're super fresh and comes with the potato peels still on them.   The restaurant itself was also really nice. It does have that British pub feel. I thought the service was a little slow, but that's only because we were in a rush. I also thought that the food was a little pricey for how much we got, but the taste definitely makes up for it.
Good laid back vibe with people flying around hitting timers and taking food out of ovens.  Those pastys are good, and the variety is amazing.  Dog Fish Head on tap is a plus as well.  To quote the infamous Governor of California " I will be back."
I travel for work and eat out almost everyday of my life (since 2003) ... and I asked myself, "What the heck is a pasty... and am I even pronouncing it right?" Well I have eaten here maybe 6 or so times and have come to love the pasty. The Pilgrim is my favorite, it's like Thanksgiving dinner rolled into a little hot pocket. The staff is typically college students with plenty of tattoos and piercings, and the service is so-so, but the food is awesome! Go.
I hate to give this place 3 stars but you will understand why I did when you have read this review. I ordered their meat and cheese pasty and it was pretty good. I have been to England multiple times and have never enjoyed the food, so I was pleasantly surprised when I actually liked this British cuisine here in the states. I also ordered the peanut butter and jelly pasty for desert and it was "ok". I thought it was going to be amazing but I was a bit disappointed. Ok now for the interesting part. I'll set the mood. Sunday 8:30pm and starving. We sit ourselves at the bar. There were very few customers in the restaurant so we thought we would enjoy the ambiance at the bar.....WRONG! Our server was very nice and brought me my favorite import! But all the rest of the cooks/servers/staff were just ridiculous. They were having a fun time at work at the expense of the customer. I was trying to have a conversation with my bf and I literally could not hear him because the guys in the kitchen were SO LOUD. They were singing (off key) yelling at each other, horsing around open flames, and just being immature obnoxious boys. I'm not sure how old any of them are but my guess would have been 12. Our quiet evening out was pretty much ruined. I could tell that some of the other servers we uncomfortable with the obnoxious behavior but were unwilling to speak up. I'm not sure if there was a manager on duty, but I guarantee the behavior I witnessed would have not been tolerated. My suggestion to management.... have a manager on staff at all times, or else you will lose customers. The staff you hired is clearly not able to work without supervision. If anyone would like very specific details please email me.
I've been here quite a few times since my original review, and am happy to say the food has been consistently really good!  I still think it's too noisy inside and lament the lack of handicap parking, but won't let that deter me from coming and enjoying the fare.  Now that the EU has decided "Cornish" Pastys can only be made *in* Cornwall I'm wondering if this place will have to change its name. :-0
Went here shortly after opening on a Tuesday afternoon.  To be honest, I was a little reserved about dining somewhere that only served one type of food, however, you have to think that if a place serves one thing, they should be able to do it well, right? Well, The Cornish Pasty Company does it well.  The pastys were light and flaky, the fillings abundant and tasty. The food, as simple as it was, was done well and I'd definitely do it again. The atmosphere definitely chimes in to the british pub feel and the church pews totally add to the ambiance of the restaurant as a whole.  My only issue was that the prices did seem just a tad high for what you receive. The pastys do not come with any kind of side dish aside from a dipping sauce that's paired with each individual offering. With each pasty averaging about $9-10, it's a bit much.
This is the first stop in Arizona and what a surprise. I tried the Greek pasty which was delicious with tzatziki sauce on the side. Great beer selection. Sit outside and enjoy the weather!
This is one of those places that need to be experienced first hand.  The atmosphere, food, drink and service are some of the best here in the Phoenix area.  I've only been to  the one here in Mesa, but hear the one in Tempe is equally amazing (just more compact).  Do yourself a favor though.  Wait to sit outside.  It can get kinda hot inside.  Otherwise, enjoy!
Kronenbourg on tap! The pasties are good, the cheese and broccoli plate is even better (and around $4). The treacle pudding is spectacular. Best of all no TVs and good music so you can enjoy your pint or two in peace.
love at first bite?   i would say so!   i had no idea this place would turn my horrible mood into smiles and sunshine,(something only skittles can do) or that the pasties would be something i've been dreaming about for the last few weeks!   not being able to choose between the zillion and ten differant choices, i decided to wing it at the last minute and got the meat and cheese pasty, while my boyfriend opted with the shepards pie.  i cannot get this thing out of my mind! it was loaded with sausage and cheese and came with the red wine gravy everyones going  on about!  the boyfriend was also very impressed with his and says he cant wait to go back!  we also had the jalapeno chips, which are actually like steak fries. Those are also delicious!   The only negative was that it was sooo packed, we had to wait forever to be seated and get our food.  but hey, with the amazing food they have, its def ok!!!  see you soon CPC! :)
I can't believe I waited this long to write a review. I have been to the Cornish a dozen times and love it more with each experience. You can go for just a beer, car bomb, or their tasty pasty. A a cold Rogue and switch it up between the Greek (w/chicken) or the Carne Adovada.   Trust me once you have it you will always crave it. I went to Germany for 7 months and all my friends would tell me I just had or about to have a pasty. Well this is the one place I missed from home.   Thanks for having multiple locations! Maybe one is Scottsdale is to come?!!   PS their staff rocks!
Oh The Pasty, how I love thee, let me count the ways!  I have never, not once been disappointed.  If you've never had a pasty, I would tell you that you need to go.  I really like the atmosphere, the church pews as seats and the alcohol bottles as candle holders are awesome.  I would say that the staff seem like hipsters, but they're all really friendly and helpful.  They have pretty good drink specials, and their hibiscus tea is mighty tastey!  PS.  Their vegetarian menu is LONG, and like I said, it's all good!  I think my favorites are The Greek and the Eggplant Parm.
Friendly service, excellent food.  I didn't know what a pasty was until I came here.  The food is filling and actually very flavourful.  The first time I came here, I got a Bangers and Mash.  Second time, I got the Oggie.  I recommend skipping the beans if you're used to the typical Boston style baked beans.    Fries and mushy peas are a good thing to start with.  Finish off with the Apple Pasty.  Very vegetarian friendly.  I recommend going early as this place can get very crowded.
Came in the evening very busy place and loud.  Fun Place with its decor.  Lively people.. Most of the Menu is all about the Pasty... I ordered four, had two gave away the other two - I was all Pasty out by the second one.. Feels like a fancy hot pocket with fresh ingredients.  I ordered the meat & cheese which is nice if your craving something cheesy.  Also had the Sheppard pie which has a nice smooth potatoes flavor with meat.. These are nice for Sharing since they cut them in half and the sauce they have is real nice.. I had the red wine sauce with both.. Good.. Each pasty is under $10, good deal and these good to eat on the go.. I Also ordered the Strawberry Pavola $5, Only came with Strawberries no grapes or kiwi's as it suppose too.. The meringue shell was good, the sauce was sweet but I would go easy on it, the cream was so - so but overall good can be too sweet if you top too much sauce and cream...  Not sure if I would return, even though it was good but not enough for me to be wowed..
Food is always delicious and atmosphere here is awesome! We also had great service. I only wish you guys would open a cen-pho location, i (along with many others) would be all over it!
i would describe a pasty as an empanada.. but if you've never had one, think of a hand held pot pie.  a ton of options for vegetarians..  a whole page of veggie pasties!  we had the tomato soup and the mushroom/spinach/walnut soup.  followed with the salt and pepper british chips and the veggie oggie (portabella mushrooms, onions, rutabaga, potatoes in a flaky delicious crust).  finished off with an apple caramel pasty (apples, cinnamon and caramel in that same flaky delicious crust!).    there are also two other pages of meat filled pasties..  things liked "the royale with cheese" and "bangers and mash"..  something for everyone.  interesting decor - candles dripping down alcohol bottles, church pews, and tattoo covered staff.  great food!  i can't wait till our next spring training trip so that i can eat here again!
So yummy!  I don't think you could go wrong with anything on their menu.  You definitely have to try it!
Great food!  Took my family there to check it out.  We were not disappointed!  Wonderful food, very filling.  We'll be back, undoubtedly.
Cornish Pasty has a very strong English pub atmosphere, accentuated by its industrial stools and wooden benches.  The best way to describe a pasty is a gourmet hot pocket.   The fillings come in all types from traditional lamb and mint to the southwestern influence of chiptole chicken.  I had the lamb and mint pasty, comprised of chunky pieces of lamb, carrots, and potatoes, with the aroma of fresh mint.  This is their specialty.  Another one I tried was their Shepard's pie.  This is a traditional Shepard's pie incased in a flaky crust.  The filling is minced lamb meat with herbs and spices mixed with mashed potatoes.  Each individual ingredient didn't seem all that special, but mixed together, it created a masterpiece in my mouth.  The flavors blended well together.  I also ordered their "chips" (french fries for us Americans).  They cut baked potato wedges which are great for the health-conscience people.  It's seasoned with sauted garlic and parmesan cheese.  The seasoning wasn't too stron.g  It gave the potato a subtle garlic flavor unlike some other restaurant which over-season their fries.    Come to this bloody good restaurant to experience a casual British pub without the price of a plane ticket.
Really great food here, reasonably priced.  The thing that prevents us from going back to this place is the service and the employees. Hipster Heaven!   They could truly care less about their customers. Especially the guy waiters. One spilled beer right in the middle of our table AND in our other beers. not even an apology. No offer to clean it. Nothing.  This is the land of the skinny jeans, losers, bone in the nose, tattooed face crowd. So if that's your scene, go. The food is excellent.
Excellent pasties.  Both the Bangers & Mash and Red Curry Chicken Tikka Masala pasties were very tasty.  Great ambiance.
For ages, the only location for the Cornish  Pasty Co. that I went to was the location in Tempe, which I also gave 5 Stars.  I give 5 Stars to any golden standard that I can always come back to or if it's one of those places that I'll take a friend to who's never been.  Somehow, this location in Mesa is better.  The Tempe location still deserves my full 5 Star-rating, but this one surpasses it.  It deserves maybe a 5 GOLD Stars or something like that.  My friend Chris came in from out of town and had a hotel room in Mesa.  I reserved a Zipcar, picked him up and this where we ate.  Everything was perfect.  I love the outdoor seating, I love the indoor seating, I love the decor and the food doesn't fuck around.  The taste doesn't tip-toe and pussyfoot around while you chew on it, it loads the flavor into a shotgun shells and fires it into you mouth and laughs at you when you're taken back by how delicious everything is.  I love taking friends to places like this because you get to see their over-the-top reaction to it as well.  It's like when you watch one of your favorite movies with a friend who's never seen it and you get to keep saying, "Oh, this is the best part."  With the Cornish Pasty, it's the same thing, so many elements are the best part.  I want to be baked into a pasty and I want to eat my way out of one, but I don't want to drown in gravy or something.
Second time came to this place and all the foods from the start till the desert was awsome!!! I mean, e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g!!
Abridged: Meat. Cheese. Potatoes. In bread. Oh and Banoffee pie.  Unabridged: This is my favorite Pasty location. First off, there is tons of space. Tons. The decor also has a nice relaxing but slightly sophisticated feel. And there aren't a million ASU students prancing about and hardly ever a wait in line when we head there for lunch.   Vegetarian or not, there's always a pasty for everyone. Every time I've gone to either location, I've never gotten the same one twice, and I still have over 3/4 of the menu to clear off my list with most of them being ones I would love to enjoy. They're big enough that half the time I end up taking half home with me... though that's probably because I after trying the Banoffee Pie, I haven't been able to not order it since. So usually it's take half my pasty home and split Banoffee, which is the most heavenly dessert on the planet.   All the items are made there, and if you sit at the bar/kitchen area you can watch them making them right there in the restaurant. It's kinda fun really. Sometimes I watch a little too closely if I know they're making a favorite, trying to figure out how I can mimic this masterpiece at home. Alas, I've always ended up failing.   One thing to note is that while they make them there, they prep them in advance so you cannot substitute. However, I've been toying with the idea of calling a week in advance to have a special one made and paying up front so I can enjoy it a few days later.  So, back to this Banoffee Pie deal... I think I need to inform you in advance to save you from desperately trying to resist its allure when you visit due to this amazingly good review. So, it's a pretty awesome dessert. First, you start with a thick graham cracker crust. I am personally not a huge fan of graham cracker, but this isn't your typical crust like on a pie or a lemon bar. This looks like texas toast. For serious. Then add some homemade caramel, homemade whipped cream and bananas. This only adds up to a win.
I was there for a birthday kick off, meaning "meet, drink, eat and leave". Glorified gourmet hot pocket..?? NO way beyond that! Good stick to your ribs food. Every combination of meats, cheeses, veggies and sauces you can think of, Mexican style to Thanksgiving!! I will be going back to try another Pasty!
i had wanted to try cornish pasty for months and finally went there. i REALLY wanted to like and i did but truly wasn't all that impressed. i had the"oggie"- it was good but nothing spectacular. my boyfriend got the veggie greek- one of the dipping sides seemed to be pure tahini, which was SO not tasty. the place was packed fora wednesday night at 8:30 and seemed to be more of a wanna be irish pub/dive bar. i could have gotten a free car bomb with a foursquare check in, but even that didn't make me give it an extra star. i'll go to the original and check it out, but not anytime soon
Simply put, Cornish Pasty is AMAZING. This was my first time visiting the restaurant and I could not have asked for a more perfect experience.  The restaurant was dark, with long dark wood booths and candles dripping wax down the empty Jameson bottles. The music was great and the tattooed and pierced staff made me feel right at home.  The table was actually a door with a piece of glass covering it, which was an excellent touch to the atmosphere.  And now, on to the food!  I took my best friend who eats like I do and together we ordered:  Shepard's pie pasty  Chicken tikka masala pasty Lovely bit of salmon pasty Peppered steak pasty Mushy peas Oven chips  The best part is that everything (maybe not the peas) was perfect and distinctly flavored; no dish tasted like any other dish on the table.  I would recommend the chicken tikka masala pasty and the peppered steak pasty if I had to pick two from our table.  After boxing up the leftovers to bring home we ordered dessert; we picked the Strawberry Pavlova and the Apple Carmel pasty. Both were also amazing and with a shared glass of Chardonnay our meal came to a very satisfying end.  I am sad that I had waited so long to visit the Cornish Pasty Co. But it will definitely be a favorite on my list from now on.
Cornish Pasty is...wow. It's almost indescribable. It's really that good. First of all, any pub that has Hoegaarden on draft is automatically a winner in my book. When you add that plus a great happy hour, life is good. If you just want to get your drink on after a long day at the office, Cornish is hard to beat. If you want to drink AND eat (two of the best things a person can do) you will have an evening to remember. I'm vegetarian and this place has a ton of options for me. The Veggie Oggie and The Greek are my favorites--make sure you get a side of HP if they have it. You won't regret it. As long as this place is open, my husband and I will be frequent visitors.
A great place for lunch, dinner, drinks, whatever. I recently took my partner here for her birthday dinner, and we were both pleasantly surprised. We went around 7pm on a Sunday and it was pretty busy, so we ended up sitting at a high-top outside. Our server was attentive, but not pushy, and refilled our drinks without having being asked. For starters I got the cream of potato, leek and stilton soup. Be forewarned, if you're not used to the stronger cheese you may not like this soup! personally, I loved it. It had a bite and was served with crusty bread and butter. We shared the Oggie and the Lamb Vindaloo pasties, and both were fantastic. The Lamb Vindaloo has a great kick, and actually made my nose run. Both the lamb and the beef in the pasties were tender, and the red wine gravy that came with the Oggie was great! For dessert we got the Shirley Temple Pudding. If you've never had it before, be aware that it doesn't have the consistency of pudding like you're used to. It's almost like chocolate malt-o-meal, but doesn't really taste like it. It's chocolatey, sticky, warm and amazing! the creme anglaise adds an interesting texture to it.   If there's only a few people in your party, you may end up sharing a table/booth with strangers, that could be the only downside. Some people love that kind of atmosphere, some people aren't keen on sharing space with people they don't know.   The price was right. Sunday is happy hour all day, but we didn't drink. But for 3 of us, 2 soup appetizers, 3 sodas, 3 pasties and a dessert it came up to just over $40.   We'll definitely be back!
Notice to restaurant staff: If you screw up and order, just quickly do something to make up for it.  Cornish Pasty prepared a cheesesteak pasty when we asked for a Mediterranean chicken. You know what the server did? She noticed the order was wrong and pre-emptively had the cook make a Mediterranean, then delivered the cheesesteak to our table, free of charge.   That kept everyone in a good mood so we could enjoy our other pasties and buy a few more Kilt Lifters. Everyone wins.  Note: The lamb vindaloo pasty is very spicy, so be prepared. My girlfriend adored the Lovely Bit A Salmon pasty. And don't skip the garlic fries.
pasty/past/ Noun: A folded pastry case filled with seasoned meat and vegetables aka AMAZINGNESS! Yes, amazingness is a word. A friend and I had decided to check this place out, and absolutely fell in love. I ordered the Spicy Asiago Chicken Pasty: Spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies and mexican stewed tomatoes, with a side of sour cream and salsa. If you want to add a lil more heat you can request some sriracha. They have a great selection of wine (I'm partial to their Malbec) and beers and their happy hour is killer.   The ambiance alone is pretty sweet as well. We sat at the bar, which is purely lit with candles. The tables are set with black church pews with candlight and dim lighting throughout. If it's a nice evening they have plenty of outdoor seating as well. Everyone that works there was soo chill and laid back. Made for a great evening !   Just hope next time I have enough room to try their dessert!
I love this place. I have been there multiple times and the food is always fabulous  I grew up in NZ, so pasties were part of my life... These live up to the real thing, are unique and delicious. I highly recommend.
Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite restaurants, and the ambiance is great, whether it's for a quiet lunch or Happy Hour on Friday with the place crowded. The food is always outstanding, and the staff is so chill and laid back.  Try the Chicken Pesto pasty, and the Cinnamon Apple Pasty for dessert. nom nom!
This review is based solely on salads, carry-out. I eat salads. Lots of salads. Lots of really dull, average, sad salads. Thanks to the countless reviews for both locations, it seemed quite clear that this was the place to go to get some.. exciting salads. EXCITEMENT is what's packed into the salads here! I had the Chicken Tikka salad, which is two hefty, hot chicken breasts and the standard fair of lettuce, onions, etc.. Fresh! Crispy! Tasty! The folks both had the Sausage Salads which were even more incredible.. they pack like.. a pound of really tasty homemade sage sausage, with a really incredible creamy mustard dressing, all under $9 each! What a score!!! I can't wait to go back to Cornish Pasty!
I have a friend who might as well live here, so when he suggested that we meet him I was curious to see why. As it turns out, it might be because of their alcohol options as opposed to their food options.   The soup options looked tasty, so I went for one while we waited for our friend to show. I ordered the leek soup. The soup itself was nearly a revalation, but I was not a fan of the bread. I love bread, so this was a little sad for me. The soup was creamy, had just the right amount of cheese, and somehow managed to not be overly leeky. Five stars on soup.  There was an impressive amount of beer options, according to my husband.  I ordered The Pilgrim. The dough was delicious, as was the turkey. I could have done without the large slices of onion and par-cooked yams (which didn't taste very "Thanksgiving" to me anyway). When I caught a bit of stuffing it made me very happy. I didn't like the gravy, but didn't need it anyway as the pasty was not dry. There was also a side of cranberry relish. I ate it all and took an additional cup home for my left overs (the soup was filling).  The second half of my pasty came home and spent the night in our fridge. It was far better having rested there for the evening. I was impressed with how much more I liked the pasty on day 2.  Four stars on pasty alone.  Seating indoors was strange, not suited for a couple having a dinner date, but ok for drinks. Seems as if though the bench-seating and dark atmosphere would be cool for pre-game drinking, perhaps with a large group of friends. It was slow when we were there, which I understand may be uncommon.
Still lovin the Pasty. Thought it would be worth noting that I brought my British husband here four, yes FOUR, times when he was in town. One of those times we had four more Brits in tow and they all loved it. "It" includes the food, the atmosphere, the beer selection, the giant booth outside that accommodated 8 of us and the great service we recieved. This restaurant manages to be the trifecta of perfect, as it's good for friends, good for low key dates and good for parents too.
Great food...great menu, especially for those of us who don't eat pork, beef, or poultry.  We had the Chicken Tikka Masala (Red Curry) and the Spicy Asiago Chicken, both using subsitute chicken from the vegetarian section of the menu.   The waiter, talked us into a side of chips.  We got them delivered (later to be removed from the bill), as we were finishing the pasties (pronounced with a soft a by the way...).  So, the waiter took responsibility after telling us 3 times that it would be "just a minute." We'll go back, and recommend trying this place.
Went here last Friday evening with my dad for father's day. I usually go to the one in Tempe (where I've never had as many issues) but chose this one because it's a larger building and closer to dad's place.  As soon as I walked in, there was a weird smell. It wasn't a food smell but a people smell (an intimate people smell.... ugh). I assume that was because of the cooling issue, which I'll talk about further on...  I opted for sitting at the bar because it was pretty full and a little too warm to sit outside (though there were plenty of people far braver than I). Also, when I've sat at the bar in the Tempe location, the employees have always been jovial and friendly and up for a good chat. I wasn't so lucky this time.  For starters, we got the creamy tomato soup. It came with croutons and a few slices of home-made soda bread and butter. I've never ordered their soups before and it was awesome! I'll definitely get this next time I eat at the Tempe one.  Main course: dad got the Philly cheese steak pasty (he's not one for tradition, I guess) and I went for my favourite - meat (2 types of pork sausage) and cheese. I also got a side of the home-made baked beans. The pasty, as usual, was really good but the baked beans were gross - dry and just all the wrong flavours. I much prefer canned, I guess. They were either in the oven too long or had been sitting out... just not fresh. While the food (minus the beans) was good, the building was super hot. It was pretty crowded and we were sitting by the bar where all the ovens and things are, but they need to definitely invest in a better cooling system with more vents or something because it was almost unbearable - and it wasn't even in the triple digits outside yet. I can't imagine eating there in the middle of the summer!  Also, service was really spotty. What I presume was the owner (or at least a manager) came by a few times and we had our plates cleared but we were sitting on the end of the bar right in front of a girl making fillings and she didn't say a single word to us the whole time. I wanted some HP sauce and I couldn't get her attention since she didn't bother to look up once. I get that you're busy but you're still an employee and it's still part of your job to handle some customer service. Even a smile would have been nice, but was perhaps too much to expect from a restaurant that hires only 20-something hipsters and hippies (and I don't mean that insultingly, it's just facts). Perhaps I'm getting old in my young age. Also, that HP sauce I wanted? They were out of because of "supplier problems". You know they sell it at every Fresh & Easy, Trader Joe's, and World Market, right? You don't need to import it yourself and if you're out of an English staple in an English restaurant, at least go out and buy a few bottles till your "supplier problems" are handled. Just a suggestion. I'm sticking to the Tempe location in the future. You can't keep me away from my pasties so easily.
This is my favorite restaurant/bar in town. The pasties are AMAZING and the beer choices are awesome, not mention decently priced (though together you should expect to spend about $40 for two people). The Chandler location is the only place I've ever found with Franziskaner Hefeweissen on tap!
It's believed that the pasty was invented for miners. They were a way to get a full, nourishing meal that miners could transport easily and eat without cutlery.  I'm not sure that's what Cornish Pasty Co had in mind when they opened up. Sure, the place is dark, like a mine. And a lot of the waiters have crazy beards, similar to what the old miners sported. That's where the similarities stop, though. This place is H.I.P. Was mining hip? Probably not.  They have a hundred thousand beers to choose from. And every single pasty I've tried is SO SO SO good. The dessert takes the cake (but it isn't cake). PB&J Pasty, with ice cream on the side! Ooey Gooey peanut butter, jelly and bananas.  The only reason CPC doesn't get the full five stars is the service. It's usually awesome. Every now and then, though, you'll get someone who is too cool for school. That'll ruin it! I still highly recommend this place, though. Amazing food, awesome atmosphere and mostly good service.
Your receipt will say it all. "$3 Car bomb..F*YEAH".. I dont even like carbombs but I tend to do atleast one EVERYTIME I go there. Also Wednesdays is $3 Guinness day.. not gonna be able to beat that anywhere. The food is so yummy, but if you are in a hurry, this may not be the place for you. And the owner, gooood lord! I have the biggest crush, the things I would let that man do to me.
The "hipster" tag on Yelp was made for exactly this type of restaurant. This place was full of them; you'll see a lot of tattooed employees here and general indie-ness abounds at the Cornish Pasty Co. Luckily this also means good music. I heard El Ten Eleven, Minus the Bear, Crystal Castles, and Caribou while eating there. But onto the food!...  CPC has a great variety of pasties. I tried "The Porky", which was delicious. Inside it was pork, potatoes, apples, sage, and a few other ingredients. My table also ordered a side of jalapeno fries, which were very good and just the right level of spiciness.  You really can't go wrong with this restaurant. What's not to love about a place that has Strongbow on tap? I would definitely recommend eating here.
Pastry? Pasty? Oh, it's pah-sty aka dough-covered deliciousness. I've noticed the hype on yelp and am really glad I finally hopped on the bandwagon.   My friend suggested going to the Mesa location because there is more seating than the one in Tempe. It has a cool vibe...  kind of a modern English pub. There are large communal tables, a long bar, and a patio to choose from. With haboob #2 looming in the sky, we decided to share an inside table with 3 cool strangers.  I was with a party of 5 and we all loved our orders. I had the carne adovada - shredded pork with green chilis and great spicy flavors. Loved every bite. We also shared the apple, cinammon, caramel pasty for desert. I loved this too. Maybe more. Maybe not. Both were just so darn good.   It seems like the perfect place for a meat and potatoes sort of guy, plus I heard there's a great selection of English beers, so I'm planning to take my boyfriend there for dinner asap (twice in one week wouldn't be overkill right?) Vegetarians, they have a long list of pasty options for you too.
Dig it! Good beers on tap. Tasty food. Friendly servers. Cool place to hang out and relax. My fav pasty is the cajun chicken with the spicy sauce. Don't forget to check out the desserts. Towards the back is an iPad where you can pick a few tunes to be played..kinda neat if you're in the mood for something in particular. If you haven't checked it out, you should. I like this location better than the Tempe location because it has more seating and a better scene for visiting with friends.
I ordered the porky and I'm not sure what it was but there's something about the flavor inside the pasty that did not sit well on my tongue. The order itself was pretty hefty and despite my first misgivings I was able to give into my hunger and gobble the whole thing up.   The BEST thing about the meal was the desert- strawberry pavlova. The meringue shells were exactly as advertised; crisp, airy, and full of homemade goodness. I hate overtly sweet deserts and this definitely was not that. The fresh whipped cream and fruit were a perfect complement to the meringue shells.   In fact, I would actually think about returning just for the desert.
The quality of food here is consistently amazing! 3rd trip here and 3rd different pasty.  Enjoyed the Portabello-Chicken Pasty w/ a salad and finished every bite (okay, I split it with a friend, their servings are plentiful!)  Perfectly cooked and flavorful; it's served with a side of marinara that I could have eaten alone with a spoon! Everything's good here. If your a soup lover you MUST try the mushroom soup.  My salad was fresh and their house dressing is this amazing creamy basil goodness.  The staff is very friendly and do a good job at paying attention to the little details.   The only reason they don't get 5 stars is the music is a little loud for this small of a space.  During lunch I think it could be turned down, save the loud music for happy hour.
after our first horrible experience, i had vowed never to go back.  i'm so glad i gave it another chance!  this time we went when it was busy, and sat at the bar.  the bartender/server was so helpful and attentive, completely knew how to treat customers.  the tomato soup was incredible and i have since recommended CPC to many of my friends. thanks dean!
I drank the 34oz pitcher of Hoegarden by myself. Like a boss. The only challenge was actually LIFTING the 34oz pitcher.... which was a struggle.  I liked Cornish Pasty Co because its simple: pastys, beer and a couple of sides. No worries if you're vegetarian or pescatarian or whatever the hell you're in to these days (seriously people!)  they have every kind of pasty you want, and all delicious.  I got the sheppard's pie with the traditional fillings (mash potatoes, gound beef, peas and carrots) and gravy dipping sauce.    Mmmmmmm, the delicious taste of an English heart attack.  The pasty was decent in size (filling enough for a whole meal for sure), came piping hot and had great flavor. The gravy dipping sauce was the best and they should probably put waaaaay more of it on your plate than the small cup you get with your pasty. Add some side orders of their chips (garlic and jalapeno please) and you've got yourself a manly meal.   For those into decor: this place has it. Very simple style, candle-lit and long tables, almost picnic-style. Easy, simple, down to earth. I don't need more than that.  5 stars all around. Did I mention that I finished my 34oz pitcher of Hoegarden? Like a Boss? Really, I did.
Great place! My husband and I live in FAR West Valley so whenever we find ourselves even remotely on this side of town we make the drive to Cornish Pasty. This place is simple. Good quality tasty food. We each try a new pasty everytime we go (been 5 or 6 times now) and we have never not LOVED our pasty. The servers are so friendly. I wish we lived on this side of town because we would be here all the time.
Delicious food, awesome music, great beer selection, and awesome overall setting and staff.  You can't go wrong here!  Happy hour, dinner, lunch, anytime and anything on the menu is sooo good!  Very original music on the jukebox you won't hear anywhere else.  I love this place!  The cajun chicken pasty and the pasta salad (among many others) are favs!  Vegetarian options are plentiful :)
As much as I love CPC, I can't bump it up to 5-stars. I went with a fair group of friends Monday night and expected it to be busy and came to terms that we'd probably have to sit on the patio. Suprisingly, all of the booths on the patio were available because they were SOAKED by the misters. So we ended up having to wait about 20-minutes outside by the available booths because they were unusable :( But the experience inside was stellar as usual.
This place is awesome! The pasties are huge and delicious.  We split one and that was sufficient.  Hoegaarden and Strongbow on tap too.  Love it!
Imagine this... a delicious, flaky pie crust that's been stuffed with delicious stew like middles.  Yum... making you hungry?  It should be!  This is the kinda cuisine that the Cornish Pasty Company serves up.  And they do it well.  Really well.  So well in fact that I've told my friends in California about this place and we try, in vain, to find something similar in the Bay area.  ((sigh))  Please CPC, come to Sunnyvale, California!  Aside from the tasty food and reasonable prices, this is a joint with unique music and appeal.  It's a cool place for a date though maybe a lil loud for a meeting of any kind.  They have an outdoor patio and inside seating... and a well stocked bar!  I'd definitely recommend Cornish Pasty House to friends and in fact, will have to visit again really, really soon.  See ya there!
I've never been to Scotland but I was told that this place or yet type of food is sort of Scottish. So let's see.  Yummie food!! Been here a few times with the hubbie, friends for happy hour and birthday.   There are 2 locations of this place in the valley and my favorite one is the one in Guadalupe Rd. As you walk in, it seems like you went back in 1800. Place is very warm with black and white paint as their primary colors. There are long tables with long white candles with melted wax still attached on the side that makes it very old yet beautiful. They use church pews as part of the long tables making the furniture very unique. Service is good and fast. They will take time to explain to you if you're first timers. Menu has a fair amount of selection according to their signature to the most popular pasties, they even have a full page of selection for vegans! Pasties are like calzone in a way or empanada in some countries, where you have meat stuffed inside a flour based dough. And they can out whatever kind of flavor they wanna put it! My favorites are the pesto chicken and chicken alfredo pasties! I also love, love, love the oven baked chips which are basically potatoes cut in wedges, baked to perfection and sprinkled with garlic or some jalapenos for those who are looking for some kick..You will not go wrong with these chips! My hubbie loves their Guinness which he says is very different from other restaurants, which I would say is true coz he has tried all kinds of this from all different places. They also have a good amount of beers that originated from Europe.  Pricing is fair enough for the big servings they give. I usually come home with half of my pasty so that's really big serving! =)  I recommend this place if you're looking for something new and fresh without shelling out too much $$..
Not as atmospheric as the original location, this is a better spot if you want to introduce the family to the joys of humble English cuisine.  You cannot go wrong with the original Oggie (I always take a couple of the par-baked to go because I live 2.5 hours from here) but the lamb and mint is great too.
How have I not reviewed this place yet?!    The Cornish Pasty Co. is incredible.    I am from So Cal and it has become my tradition that I visit it twice every time I am in Phoenix - when I first arrive and then again when I am on my way to the airport.  The pastys are so good the boyfriend and I have devised a way for me to transport the partially cooked pasties by plane to Southern California so I will have extra stock when I get home :-)  The is hands down my favorite place I have ever eaten at.  EVER.  That says a lot.
Met a friend for lunch here today... neither of us had eaten here but she had heard good things about it.     We decided to eat family style and try a salad and a pasty.  Ordered the Chicken Tikka Salad and the Chicken Pot Pie Pasty.  The Chicken Tikka Salad deserves 5 stars.  What a taste treat!  Loved the spicy tikka masala with the crisp lettuce, fresh tomatoes, cucumbers and lots of red onions.  Nice contrast of hot and cold, spicy and mild.  And the mint yogurt dressing... spectacular.  Wonderful companion to the chicken and provided a "cool" contrast to the spiciness of the Tikka.  Kept in theme with the Indian spices with a modern salad dressing twist.  Excellent.  I'd love the have this salad often!  I was rather disappointed in the pasty.  The chicken was rather dry and I found it heavy on the thyme.  Veggies in it were tender and well cooked.  The crust was lovely:   light, flaky and flavorful.  I'd give this pasty a 3.    Service was good (a bit slow bringing the check at the end), ambiance had a British Isles pub feel.  Good experience over all and I'll be back for the Chicken Tikka Salad and to give a different pasty a try.
Great beer, Great food! Love this place! My family and I go here about once a week and the food and service are always fantastic! The patio is the best place to sit even during the summer! My favorite is the vegetarian Greek.  The apple and cinnamon dessert pasty is excellent as well.    Highly recommend!
Cornish Pasty Co. is awesome! Fun environment! Friendly people!! Great service!!! And the food is INCREDIBLE!!!! Seems like every time I try a new pasty, it is my new favorite... Until I try another! The dessert pasties, seriously, are the most AMAZING deserts I have ever had! ***warning: pasties are HOT when delivered to your table... Be patient, enjoy slowly!
Absolutely love this place! Nothing but awesome every time I have been there!
Great food great price!  Atmosphere is awesome!  Try the Chocolate Bread & Butter desert, you won't be disappointed!!  Great place to hang with friends and chat the night away, especially on the patio which has ceiling fans and misters.
Think Hot pockets on steroids*. Great Beer, Atmosphere and patio furniture.  I return to this place religiously.. Each time, eager to try something new. I'm about half way through the menu as it's rather extensive. I highly recommend the "Spicy Asiago Chicken Pasty." Spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies, and Mexican stewed tomatoes. With a side of sour cream & salsa..ORGASMIC.  You seriously can't go wrong here people. The Menu versatility is astounding; it's as if they have a pasty specifically tailored to your palate.Try the "Strawberry Pavlova"  for dessert. Perfect place for a date or to suck down some good food and beer with your buddies. Eat well, Live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do.   - Cheers
British food? In Mesa? Doing successfully in one of the most cursed plaza's in Mesa history? Yes, yes and yes, apparently...  I've always wanted to try a pasty...glad I was finally able to. On walking in, you realize the place is so British, that there's actually a bit of culture shock. The big long tables and benches may have you questioning whether or not you should sit down at one of these tables with an already seated party, and the answer is YES, you should! Thats how its done on the other side of the pond, and thats how its done at the Cornish Pasty Co.  They have a pretty good beer selection. My party of 3 split a large greek salad, and we could have used another one or two mouths to help us out. The dressing it comes with is a lemon pesto salad dressing, which was delicious. A word of caution, however: A little goes a long way. Its pretty thick, potent stuff. But it really does go well with the red onion, olives and feta in the salad.  I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, and later I was also able to try the Chicken Pesto pasty. Both were very very good, but I liked the Tikka Masala a little better. It seemed like it was a very popular choice there as well. I would say on both pasties, the side dressings left a little to be desired. The tikka masala comes with their version of raita, a traditional indian yogurt dressing, but their flavor (while not tasting bad) did seem kinda off for some reason. The pesto chicken came with marinara, and again it seemed a little off.  The clientele here is a pretty mixed bag. The servers are the tatt'd up, facial piercings type, which Im not sure exactly why that is, but I dont mind it. Im not judging anyone, but there seemed to be a lot of lesbians in the place too. I have not a clue why either would be the case, but It didnt bother me--just struck me as odd. The place at 5:30 was PACKED. You come any later and you WILL NOT get a seat.  One last thing that I would like to mention is that for the vegetarians out there, this place is extremely veg-friendly. Practically an entire page of their menu is dedicated to pasties with quorn fake meat products, which although I didnt try, Im sure would be fantastic.  I will definitely be back soon, though maybe next time Ill try lunch and see if its maybe a little less crowded.
I love Cornish Pasty Co. I've tried several flavors - lamb vindaloo, the oggie, lamb and mint, rosemary chicken, the pilgrim. All of them are totally delicious, fresh, and the ingredients are obviously good quality. The sauces they make are all excellent and flavorful, although I prefer the red wine gravy with lamb or beef, not turkey or chicken.  The prices are totally reasonable. At first you think it's steep for what is essentially a handheld pot pie, but you get a lot of bang for your buck. I can only ever eat half and take the other half home.   Sides are also tasty. Haven't tried the drinks or desserts but I assume they are just as good!   Service is a little spotty (they seem to employ affable, somewhat spacey young men). But I suppose that's kind of in line with a British place, huh? ;)  Something I find disappointing, though, is that you cannot customize any of the pasties. If you don't like an ingredient in it, you have no choice but to order something else. I get that they prep the pasties earlier in the day to maximize efficiency in baking, but still.  This location is really nice and I prefer it to the location near ASU. Great outdoor seating area, misters, lots of shade, etc.  I will be back many times, I am sure.
A-Ok in my book. What's better than a gourmet hot pocket and an irish car bomb for brunch?  I ordered the salmon pasty with spicy beans. The dough itself firm, but fluffy and the filling is great. I especially enjoyed the sauce that accompanied it. As for the beans. They were spicy as hell. I ate it all, but I don't know if I would order it again. It was almost unpleasant to eat.
I had heard great things and saw lots of 5 star yelps but I was not impressed.   The time we were there, there was either a hipster, wanna-be convention in town or there is a community college nearby. Well the people who work here certainly think they are cool.   It is open until 12Midnight and I would be curious what the crowd is like then. The floor is set up like a dining hall, not a bar (no real mingling space, long German style tables on a tightly packed floor) [might get rowdy in a good way]. The selection on draft beers was mildly impressive but they were out of the German Lager I wanted....but Guinness will do. The food was somewhat pricey and my dish, Veggie Rosemary Chicken, was bland.   People seemed festive but I think I will try somewhere else next time.
Good food, with a truly one of a kind vibe... you have to experience it to appreciate it.
Novel meal idea, I've had a few different meals here and all have been pretty good. Great selection of beers and really cool decorating job with old church pews.
Food is definitely true to its British nature.  And Irish Car Bombs are a great deal.  The prices are highly affordable a great place after an ASU game or just late at night with lots of friends.
Not quite the charm of the Tempe location, though a nice place all the same. The staff are a little too "hip" for their own good but friendly and talented for the most part. The food is why we came and we did not leave disappointed. Their take on a Cheese Steak and the Royale with Cheese are my faves. The chips (fries) with jalapeos are magical.
I'm not sure if my wife and I ordered the wrong things, but we were underwhelmed.  The atmosphere of the place was nice, but the food itself didn't really do it for me.
Cornish Pasty always makes me a happy girl. They have great beer, yummy food, and the staff is the best! The menu has a ton of choices for meat eaters as well as vegetarians and everything is made in house. The patio offers additional seating and the iPad is always playing memorable music.
This place is awesome! Great food and Great service! I have tried several different kinds and have not found a bad one. You get a lot of food for a reasonable price. They have Strong Bow on tap and really cheap car bombs! What more could you ask for!?
We visit the Cornish Pasty often and WOW!!!! We always are trying new things and always very satisfied. The staff is very friendly, never judge a book by its cover!!! The apps are great, Pasty's are great, dessert's are great, atmosphere is great, drinks are great!!! A definite must!!!
I had never been here, but kept hearing amazing things about it... So I went the other night with my friends... I was the last minute invite cause they thought I was already out, but I was told they hadn't been seated yet. I literally left right when he called me got there 5 min later and they had been seated. I think the waited 15 min for a table for 6 on a friday night, not bad at all OK onto the food, I had the greek chicken flavor, and it was so tasty!! It came with taziyki sauce on the side that was so heavenly i wanted to lick the container it was in. My room mate had the spicy asiago chicken and he let me have a bite, and yummy! I must say though the flavors in the greek chicken one were seriously amazing, artichoke hearts... sun dried tomatoes just so good.  I will be going back hopefully sometime soon. In the meantime  I  want a vat of the sauce to swim in at home
The food is great but the service is terrible. Be prepared to be ignored while you wait quite a while for your food. Don't get me wrong, the food is worth the wait, I just typically prefer my server to um...be of some service. Instead she was alternately on her cell phone and sitting at the bar talking to another waitress who was eating lunch in between waiting her section of tables. The music is also obnoxiously loud.
After years of obtaining my pastys (I choose to spell it this way, the other makes me feel dirty!) at the Cornish Pasty Co's ASU area location, this new location is a welcome addition to Mesa, and far closer to my home!   First, the restaurant is rather small, but has a large covered patio in case you feel claustrophobic! Inside you'll find large church pews in front of long tables. This is fabulous during busy times, as you'll meet wonderful new people sitting at the other side of your table that you might not have otherwise spoken to!  Menus are on the tables and the candles that sit in empty whiskey bottles are just cool.   On to the food!  My 11-year old daughter adores the PB&J, of course, but so does my 62-year-old mother! I've not tried it yet, but it smells wonderful!   Personally, I've tried the following during my many visits:  -Cheese Steak: Wonderful large chunks of tasty meat with peppers and onions and cheese. The red wine gravy is fantastic with this one, you might need more! -Ruben: The sauerkraut is made from red cabbage, and the corned beef is perfectly cooked. A fabulous choice! -Vegetarian Greek: This was my very first pasty, and was absolutely fabulous. Kalamata olives, artichokes, spinach, sun dried tomatoes,  -Italian: A fabulous concoction served with marinara. Salami makes it tasty, fresh basil leaves put it over the top!  -Chicken Pot Pie: This is the only one I really didn't like... not because it was bad, but because it was bland. It needed salt...  -Greek Salad: This salad is rather interesting, and the dressing is not what I expected! But it's good, and full of lots of good veggies!  You should definitely go here, it's a great place to eat, food pie! Enjoy!
This was our visit and we thouroughly enjoyed our meal.  What a perfect meal for one of the few cold nights we have here in Mesa/Phoenix. We had yummy dough filled with yummy stuff like pastrami, corned beef and saurkraut baked it is a warm golden brown.  What a deliscious take on a Reuben.  We also had a more traditional pasty with steak, potatos, and rutabagas.  Very good in that whole comfort food kind of way.  The only negative I would give is that the space is small and the noise level is high, but then so is a pub in the middle of London.
I've been coming here over the past year, each time bringing my Colorado friends, and one word sums it all:  YUM!    The menu is vast and the flavor is always amazing.  Seating is quite limited but that just means this place is widely-loved.  The servers are usually lovely unless it's closing time.  More than once, the lights would suddenly become blinding, the music will be switched to death metal, and the volume would go up to borderline-deafening.  That's never a good way to get customers to leave so that docks off a star.
Love the food, love the servers with attitude, love the atmosphere, hate the community seating that paired me against some stranger with no concept of boundaries.  Some night after a few drinks, I'm gonna give that stranger a taste of my elbow in her ribs for once.  No one comes between me and my lamb pasty.
This place is great. I had friends tell me about it and no one could quite describe to me what the food was like, now having been there I understand why. It is excellent and undescribeable. Its like the most magnificent hot pocket you could ever imagine stuffed with a variety of different delicious combinations
Some of the best food that I have had.  We each tried a different pasty - every one was superb.  They were flavorful and crusty.  The meat and cheese pasty and the chicken pot pie pasty were especially tasty.  The atmosphere was what I would imagine a pub to be!  The reason for the 4 rating was because of the service!   We seemed to wait forever for the food , and the waitresses seemed to disappear for long stretches.  The first waitress we had was bitchy, but the second one seemed sweet!  We eat out a lot and know good service - this was not it!  The person from the kitchen that brought our chips did apologize for the wait.  It even took long for drink refills!  Too bad because the food was great!
My long distance boyfriend was spending the holidays with me from Cornwall, England.  This was both of our first times here.  He loved this place and states the only pasty to beat it was the butcher in Truro, Cornwall, England- and only just. :) We had the Meat and Cheese Pasty and the Italian Pasty and they were both amazing.  We also had chips. :) Which we agree to disagree if they are french fries or chips. :P  I have never had a pasty before at all and I thought they were delicious.  Very hipster in here which isn't exactly my scene, I would prefer it to be less loud and crowded- but there is a reason it is packed- because it is great.  I "can't" wait to go back and neither can he when he gets back to the states. :D  I have told everyone who asked about my vacation about this place and how we both loved it.  Give it a try! :)
I came out for a friend's birthday in December.  I had never been or heard of this place before.  So, I go and find a small place with a patio and a bar.  :-)  Pasty kind of reminded me of a really large hot pocket type deal.  I didn't eat anything while I was there, but the place sure did smell amazing.  We drank though.  Irish car bombs!  I'm not a fan of them, but the birthday girl sure is!  I don't think I'd drive back to Mesa just to go here, but if you live in Mesa and are looking for something different...you might like it.
Really good food.  Cool atmosphere too.  Eat an early lunch cause if you don't, there will be no dinner after this place.  You can also ask for half backed to take home and heat up...
Fantastic food, great service! This is the place to be :)
The food here is AMAZING! The service is good. Staff is very friendly. Its always busy and be prepared to wait for your food, but once it arrives it was so worth the wait!
This is my guilty pleasure. My boyfriend and I eat here AT LEAST once a week. All of the servers are laid back, but fast and friendly. The Cornish Pasties are amazing. I've tried many, but my go-to is always The Ruben. If you like ruben sandwiches, the Ruben pasty will blow your mind. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!! Cheers!
My girlfriend and I discovered this place months ago and we both fell in love with it immediately! The atmosphere is unique which is nice because it helps get you away from the every day franchise restaurant feel. The food is absolutely incredible and their choice of beer is exceptional as well. I highly recommend trying the Pilgrim, Cajun Chicken, and the Chicken Pot Pie. These three Pasty's are definitely my top three favorites. Both the quality of food and service easily makes this place one my of favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area.
I had heard a ton of yelp buzz and really wanted to go but had been put off because of the distance from my house and some poor reviews of the waitstaff.   I am seriously regretting getting put off!    At first we walked in and I felt sort of out of place, that faded quickly though.  I wish I had gotten the waitress's name because she was AWESOME, everyone was.  We sat near the cooks and it was great.  I checked out the porch seating and was impressed with the heating system they had out there, nice and warm on a very cool (for the valley) night.  The staff that were off for the night were eating and having drinks out on the porch and they were all so friendly!  We didn't have a single case of snobby or feeling ignored.  I got the Shepard's Pie (with the minted lamb).  It was great.  Perfectly made and the red wine sauce was great!  They didn't have any coconut rum so our waitress asked for a different drink order, in the end we decided to do a Long Island Ice Tea and adding pineapple juice since I originally wanted a Surfer on Acid, in short it was so good that I could have had 6 (and ended up on the floor) but been a very happy camper.  We also tried the Mushy Peas and Garlic Fries which were fantastic!  I will be going back ASAP!  I can't wait to take my Foodie Dad there!
First off, I LOVE THE FOOD. So giving this place three stars breaks my heart. I've been to this and the Tempe location each a few times. I do prefer this location because it feels more spacious.  I dropped in for lunch between meetings and sat at the bar facing the open kitchen. And then I waited. Somewhere around 12-15 minutes passed. I almost got up and walked out, but the guy in the kitchen manning the oven noticed I was still sitting without a beverage and asked whether I'd been helped yet. He offered to get me something to drink and took my food order.   The restaurant was not too busy, and there were a few servers wandering around. Around the time my food was ready, one of the servers sat at the far side of the bar to eat lunch. I finished my pasty and had to go to the cash register to pay. I probably shouldn't have tipped, but I used to be a server, thus feel massive guilt for not doing so.   Moral of the story, I'll probably just order to go next time and eat in my car. I hate when good restaurants are held back by poor service.
As a business traveler to find an eatery where you can walk in alone, feel comfortable, have great food and drink and excellent service in a casual pub like  atmosphere is rare.  This place has it all.  Wish we had one in NY.  Will come back again and again.
This was my first experience with pasties, and I have to say, Cornish Pasty Company has made a fan out of me!  We sat in front of the kitchen and had loads of fun watching the guys (and one gal) make the pasties with great dexterity.  My friend and I started the meal with garlic chips that were addicting and so flavorful.  They're not skinny and oily like regular garlic fries.  These chips are large warm wedges infused with garlic flavor.  I highly suggest getting them!    My friend got the chicken pot pie pasty and really liked it.  I had a bite and found myself in strong agreement.  My lamb and mint pasty was also good, as it was very balanced, but I was a bit disappointed by how dry the lamb was.  The gravy it came with fixed that though.  Finally, we ended the meal with sticky toffee pudding.  It was actually my third choice in desserts because the first two choices had sold out.  But regardless, this dessert was so so soooo very delicious!  It was crunchy on the outside, but soft and gooey on the inside.  The sweetness level was perfect, and the cream sauce brought the dessert to the perfect level of indulgence.  I am definitely going back here.  There are so many pasties that I want to try, and all under $10!
Cornish Pasty Company 1941 W. Guadalupe Road Mesa, Arizona  We arrived on a Friday night at 6:00 as a party of 14. Probably not the most fair thing to do since I knew I was going to review the restaurant, yet it didn't phase them in the least. While they take no reservations, they treated us courteously, and seated us after a short wait.  This is not the quietest place to eat at, as a lot of it has to do with the bar, which is very conducive to friendly chit chat, but overlooking that, it's quite a charming place. There is seating outside, as well as in church pews inside, which makes for a cozy atmosphere as well as the possibility of having new conversations with people you have never met - something that Americans are not used to, but is very common in the rest of the world.  Everyone ordered soft drinks except for myself. I ordered a Strongbow to see if it was what I remembered from the U.K., and it was no different at all. A true hard cider with good flavor of apples.  For my main course, I ordered the Oggie, a mixture of steak, potato, onion and rutabaga, served in a pastry crust with a small cruet of red wine gravy. ($8.00) . I was instantly transported back to the U.K. with my first bite. It had great depth of flavor, and the red wine sauce was absolute dynamite. An excellent dish! I also ordered a side of Mushy Peas ($2.75) and a side of Baked Beans ($2.50). The peas had nice flavor and were exactly as served in England, but I didn't care for the Baked Beans. There seemed to be an odd flavor associated with them that was off putting and which everyone agreed was not very tasty.   Other members of our party ordered the Italian, the Porky (pronounced as orgasmic), the Shepherds Pie, the Reuben (good corned beef), the Chicken Greek (said to be very tasty), and the Lamb Vindaloo (usually very spicy, but apparently toned down here for American palates). Two of our party ordered the Pilgrim, which is roasted turkey, sweet potatoes, grilled onions, stuffing and red wine gravy. One pronounced it terrific, while the other didn't care for it.  The menu also includes a nice assortment of vegetarian dishes as well.  Most people didn't have room for dessert, but a few did, with almost everyone sharing. One of the desserts was Banoffee Pie - a graham cracker crust, homemade caramel, whipped cream and fresh bananas. It was interesting to note that the whipped cream was unsweetened. When mixed with the other ingredients, it picked up it's sweetness from them and tended to tone down the overall sweetness of the dish - a wonderful idea of what would otherwise have been an overly sweet dessert.   The other dessert that was ordered was the Apple Caramel Pasty - a kind of apple turnover pie crammed full of apples and cinnamon and covered with a homemade caramel sauce and served with a large scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream. Nothing could have been better, especially since the caramel wasn't too sweet.  Considering how crowded the place was, service was not too bad, and certainly could have been a lot worse.  Perhaps the only fault I could find was with the ladies room. The paper bin was full to the top, and the rolls of paper were scattered around instead of being in holders. I have been in nicer restrooms in other restaurants.  Overall, this was a wonderful eating experience, with several authentic dishes on the menu as well as some creative ones. I recommend it highly and give it 4 stars.
What the heck is a Pasty??? Upon a friends recommendation, we gave Cornish Pasty a try. The food was amazing, the staff was efficient, friendly and attentive without being annoying and the desserts.... WOW. I usually don't have room for deserts, don't make this mistake, save room. The Shirley Temple pudding is not from this world. I am now a Pasty fan and will return for more culinary abuse. The only thing holding me back from 5 stars is the size of the dinning area. Although they have ample room on their patio, the seating inside is very limited. Most restaurants have enough seats so that as people finish, tables become available regularly. Here, there are 4 tables, so your wait time, if you want to eat inside, can be long. If you go before 5:30, you should be fine, if you go after 6, especially with 4 or more, prepare to wait. I myself will just go at 5:30, eat and be happy.
Heavenly delicious food! Definitely come hungry because you will leave extremelyyyyy stuffed. It is one of those Im-so-full-but-I-can't-stop-eating-this-food type experiences! They have a huge selection of pasty's on their menu so it feels like you need an hour to decide which to choose! I hfinally decided on the Chicken Alfredo - YUMMM!!! We also tried the apple pie pasty type dessert ~ also sooo heavenly even if you're stuffed from the dinner portion :)  Great place to go for a date night out or with friends! Small place but has a relaxing and unique atmosphere. Servers/ Bartenders are great!  A must-try!! :)
I first discovered Cornish Pasty at the Tempe location in 2006.  The food has always been delicious, so I was thrilled when they opened a location closer to home.  The food is still good, but there are two issues with this location that really need to be addressed.  First, as other reviewers have noted, there is a really bad odor inside the restaurant.  It almost smells like bad feet.  I don't know if its a particular food that is making that bad smell or what, but because of it, we always opt to eat outside.  When you enter a restaurant you should be greeted with a cornucopia of deliciousness -not a weird stench that makes you want to run.  Secondly, the customer service.  This is consistently - inconsistent.  Sometimes its ok, and then other times its just plain terrible.  The other night we had to wait 1 1/2 hours for our food and we didn't see our waitress for over an hour--that's right-AN HOUR--no drink refills, nada.  In fact we almost just left.  I don't care how busy you are, that is unacceptable.  If the customer service was excellent, I could overlook the 5 earrings in the nose-20 tats-freak show waiters they have serving the customers. (ok, so they ARE friendly for the most part)  But bad service, coupled with hippie freaky waiters is starting to wear thin.  I really want to give this place 5 stars because their food is wonderful, but until they get their customer service up to par and get rid of that smell. this place is never going to be in my top 5.
Great Food? Check. Quality Service? Check. Fun environnent? Check. Good beers on tap? Check. Food I crave? Double check.  That about sums up all you need to know about cornish but if you need to know more just think of the best hot pocket you ever had, multiple the quality by a million and you have a pasty. I have tried numerous items from here ranging from the homemade sausage salad (too big for a single sitting so leftovers=winning) to the lovely bit 'o salmon to the strawberry pavlova dessert and it is all great.   My biggest problem coming to this place is the near pannick attack get from having to choose from too many great options. I'd tell you what my favorite pasty was but that would imply that one is better than the others which simply isn't true. Plus they have something for pretty much everybody, the only thing is if you are super picky pastys are cooked to order but not made to order so ingredients can't be swapped. Even then anybody I have ever come with has been able to find something.
Amazing food and great service.  I can't get enough of this place!
just go and try it. dont hesitate.
If you are reading these reviews and have never indulged in the tasty delights served by Cornish Pasty Company, you must get your ass over there as soon as possible!  The variety of options is astounding for a place with a menu largely dominated by a single item: the humble pasty.  Nearly every major cuisine is represented, and for the vegetarians, this place is mecca, because there are just as many options on that side of the menu as the omnivorous one.  They also have a few sides (Cauliflower and Broccoli Cheese Bake is f*cking INCREDIBLE), salads, soups, and desserts.  Strangely enough, I've never tried any of the desserts, but they all look amazing.  Me and the boyfriend's favorite flavors include Rosemary Steak, Lovely Bit of Salmon, Bangers and Mash, Peppered Steak, and The Royale with Cheese (yes, they have a cheeseburger option, perfect for a picky kid, just don't let them eat the whole thing!)  And speaking of portion size, don't think when you first behold your precious pasty that it is nothing to write home about in terms of size.  That little football will fill you to the brim, (this is probably the reason I've never had their desserts!)  They are great to split with a friend along with a salad or other side, if you are looking to lighten it up a bit.  I can't really comment on the service.  Since the Mesa location is a quarter mile from our house, we always order out.  From what I can tell, they are packed every night.  We never have any problems with our order, though now I think of it, the last time I called to place one, the phone just rang and rang with no answer, and we ended up getting My Arepa.  No big, though.  I'm so glad this concept is expanding in the Valley, Cornish Pasty is quickly becoming an institution in this town, so if you haven't been yet, make it happen!
I was at the same party as Dani C. Though they were called in advance AND the party person was there 30 minutes early, they wouldn't seat anyone until most of the group arrived. We had to take one table and hover around waiting for another. Then we waited so long for service one family had to leave. 90 minutes after I arrived someone finally took my dinner order.  I've been here before and pastys just aren't my thing. Haven't found one I liked so I tried their chicken caesar salad instead. It was a large serving but mediocre.   The only thing I like about this place is the Strongbow on tap. Many of my friends love it so I'll end up going back but it's not someplace I'd chose on my own.
Cornish Pasty Co is one of our favorite restaurants... in fact, the one reason we don't eat there on a weekly basis is that everyone else knows how good it is and it can get PACKED.    I always get the same meal because it's perfect: Hibiscus Iced Tea (addictively good) and Shepard's Pie.  Lamb, carrots, peas, onions, mashed potatoes, cheese - all in a flaky crust.  Ultimate comfort food!  BF loves the Chicken Greek, Spicy Asiago, the Pepper Steak, and pretty much every other pasty he's tried.    It can be slow but the atmosphere makes the wait a bit easier because you can ALWAYS people watch.  There is a wait while the pastys cook so if you're starving, go with the soup - their soups are very good and come out fast.  We haven't had many of the desserts but the banoffee pie and the caramel apple pasty are both solid.  Can't speak much about the bar side, either, but BF does love that they serve Strongbow cider.  If you haven't gone before, you'd better go soon - used to be a hidden gem but now we have to worry about getting a table!
Was here for sister's birthday party. On a Friday night. When it's packed because it's a bar and it's Friday night. They don't appreciate a large group on a Friday night, even when you tell them in advance you're coming. Unfortunately at first the service was so slow some of the party-goers had to leave. At my table (we took 3), it went fairly quickly. However the server said he couldn't separate checks, but WE could separate them ourselves at the end and he would ring up as many different cards as needed. So basically he wanted us to do his job.   On the food side- yum! I had the salmon pasty, and it was really good. Though I was expecting a little more to it for the price, it was still filling. The salads were pretty good size. This is why I give it three stars, the food is really good. I would come back, but maybe for lunch when it's a different atmosphere. Husband said he wouldn't, but he's not into the bar scene and he didn't like the smoking out on the patio. I didn't see anyone smoking, but he said he could smell it.
I've been to the Cornish Pasty Company in Tempe many times.  First time at this location was pretty bad for several reasons. First, the place smelled bad upon walking in. Sorry, it smelled like sewage. I've worked at many restaurants. Second, the church pews we sat in were filthy. No excuse. Third, a small roach scampered off the side of the table when I sat down. I had to flick it onto the floor and forget about it.  Yes, I actually stayed and ate. The food was excellent, but I won't be visiting this location again.
Wow!  My 160th review and it can't be better. This place is located in a strip mall and  I found it a little hard to find with the GPS.  Inside, this place appears to be rather small.  We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door.  The dining room had a very industrial feel but it was comfortable.  On the tables were empty Jamison bottles with candles on top.  The menu offers a lot of choices including a cheeseburger royale and thanksgiving dinner.  I had the Cajun Chicken.  It was so delicious and flavorful.  The crust was flaky and light.  I loved it. The food was served on metal plates which goes along with the industrial feel.  They have some great beers on tap as well including some local brews.  Our server was very attentive and answered all of our questions. He had full knowledge of the menu as well as the brews on tap.  I'm very happy this place was recommended and I be back the next time I'm in town.
Love this place, it's in my top 5 list of places to frequent for good service experience. Great food, great beer, and very friendly staff, make Pasty House a hit with any friend or client I have ever met there. They do get very busy in the evenings, dinner service is slower than lunch, and there is often a waiting line even on weeknights, but the wait is worth it. My favorite entrees are the Portobello Chicken and the Meat and Cheese pasties, but they are all good, I have never been disappointed with anything on the menu.
Quite possibly the best place to eat in Mesa. Let me tell you what you are in for if you go.   The CPC has taken these pilgrim pockets to the next level.  Personally I would recommend The Royale With Cheese or the Shepard's Pie. The pies take a while to make so now would be a good time to order drinks as well. If you are the beer drinking type I would suggest the Hoegaarden it's the best I've ever had. If you are looking for something more stimulating you may want to try their Irish Car Bombs. Or if you are you are up to it go with both.  When your pasty arrives don't touch the plate! It could be scorching bloody hot. Your pasty is probably going to take a few minutes to become edible as well, just stay clam it will cool soon enough.   When you have finished eating get the apple stuffed pasty for desert. By now you will feel very full, I know, I do it every time and the only thing I can say is that it was worth it.  Cheers!
All I can say is OMG! Food was great I got the shepherds pie pasty with a side of gravy it was great. It was worth the drive for pick up from my home in Gilbert. Staff was friendly and the place looked warm and inviting. I will be back again. Theres like at least 5 more things on the menu I want to try.
I have to say that I really felt like I was taking a risk going there for lunch.  First off, I heard a lot of negative things: long lunch, slow service, dirty place, smells when you walk in, dingy servers and food preppers.. though I don't recall any "food sucks" comments, which is exactly why I took the "risk" of having lunch there.  My comments on the so-called negative things others pointed out: -long lunch/slow service: Yes, this was not a short lunch .. but it was also not a long lunch.  Food took a bit long but we also were expecting 'custom-baked' pasty.  Plus our server was quick enough to bring us drinks and my soup order, etc to hold us over;  Our server guy was outstanding - friendly in a genuine way, prompt, kept checking on us, and had very good customer service skills (I'll get to that later). -dirty place: Yes, as I mentioned, it needs a good cleaning (those pew cushions were nasty and the wax should be scraped off and menus cleaned up) -smells: Yes, but we deduced it was the cabbage. -dingy servers/food preppers: It's an 'alternative' type of staff.. I myself am not that alternative, but I have no issues if my servers look like Cheba Hut or Pita Jungle employees :) As long as they are clean with handling my food (at least, that I notice).  I did note, however one of the food preppers talking on his cell phone while he was handling food.. I thought that was gross (god knows where cell phones hang out and all the dingy dialing we do).  OK, so now to the food: I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and my friend had the Chicken Pot Pie - both were delicious!  I was super impressed with the breadth of the pasty 'stuffings' and got very excited to see they had over 40 options!  I want to go back and try them all.  The yogurt served with my tikka was perfect.. the chicken was plentiful and well seasoned.  Essentially, their fillings are both inventive, somewhat unique and really entice me to come back.  Plus, I appreciated that their pastys are a good size and that it is not a dough-overwhelmed dish (meaning the crust is perfectly thinly sized and not like a calzone).  Bottome line: Yes, there is a distinctly strong smell when you walk in ...yes, the pews had dirty cushions on them.. the candle wax was all over the table/menus, the menus had other grime on there.. honestly this place REALLY needs to quit the slacking and clean this place up... BUT, their pastys were yummy and their service was excellent - 2 major players in making me want to come back.  Okay, so now to the note about customer service: I found a piece of red thick rubber-band (~1" long) in my soup .. we could only assume, due to it's color and size, it was the ones used to bunch up produce (It was a leek-potato, stilton soup).  Yeah, not excited about that find, but I did appreciate that when I mentioned it to our server, he swiftly took it away (offered me a new one) and immediately apologized and said it was 'on the house'.  THAT is fixing a problem immediately and correctly - kudos for him for a great response and showing good customer service.  I can understand that 'shit happens' sometimes but it's the aftermath of how you treat the customer that found the rubber band in their soup that matters.  I'll be back!
Nice wooden, yet modern interior, with candles. Staff and guests come with a pleasant grungy edge. A whole page with veggie pasty, and even one vegan option. Vegan pasty? Yes! I stuck with a veggie option (rosemary 'chicken', good) to not rock the boat too much. Maybe vegan next time, it's intriguing.
I love this place! Ok the soup is amazing! Oven chips are great! Pasties are unbelievable!  Dessert - English toffee - or bread pudding both are really good!
This place is great, too bad it's so far from me.  The restaurant is very english pub like.  With cool bench seating, a big patio, and a big counter to sit down and enjoy your pasty.  They are always playing an eclectic mix of music that I think adds to the charm.  The staff are really nice and check on you to make sure you have enough to drink and are enjoying yourself.  They get extra bonus points for having a huge selection of vegetarian and vegan pasty. Who doesn't want a savory turnover with delicious fillings? I have really enjoyed lunch here the few times I have gone.  I'll be bringing some friends with me next time.  Keep up the good work.  Try: - Eggplant Parm - Oggie - Greek
I love this restaurant!  Everything I have ever ordered has been very good, and we have been here many, many times.  After reading through some of the reviews for CPC here on yelp, I have to say that I am a bit surprised by what people are complaining about.  -I have never once noticed a "smell" upon entering the building at this location. -I have been to both the Tempe and the Mesa location, and the portion sizes are the same at both locations. -The servers and cooks are not "dingy," whatever that means.  In all of the times we have been to this location, we have never, not once, had a bad server.  They are all friendly and respectful. -The only dirty-ness I have experienced there is some broken candlewax on the tables indoors, and tables that haven't been bused yet outdoors (they turn over that fast!)  My only complaint is that when we first started going to the Mesa location when they opened, they were quiet.  Now, they are constantly busy...any time of the day.  But that isn't really anything to complain about; that business means that hopefully they will be there for years to come.  Make your own menu decisions, but some pasties that I like include: Pesto Chicken Lovely bit of Salmon Chicken Greek Chicken pot pie  The oven fries are also great...order them with garlic and mustard cream sauce.  You won't be disappointed.
This place is the best. I only order the cottage pie or bangers and mash. They have like 100 different types of pasties, but I've come to realize that the more traditional ones are the safer way to go. Plus I'm an Irish girl and I love meat and potatoes. I prefer this location to the Tempe one. It's much larger and the service is a lot friendlier. Plus the patio is amazing. Also, the Tempe one has been "expanding" forever and it feels as tho it will never be done.
IRISH CAR BOMBS= $3?! WHATTTT!!  Cornish pasty= Meh. I tried half of my friends(spicy Asiago) okay, Rosemary Chicken- Worse.  The rosemary tasted strange to me just lacking some other flavors. Maybe some other spices??  I LOVE rosemary and I did NOT enjoy this nearly as much as I expected. Next time i will stick to the desserts those looked appetizing!! Oh how I wish I would have went with my first gut feeling.  So mad at myself for that!!  Oh yelp you disappointed me so... I was expecting sooooo much from this place and I was severely let down by my choice.  I will give you another shot when someone pulls my leg again.  Someday...
I love the Cornish Pasty! My first pasty experience was at this restaurant. They have a good variety of pasties, and sometimes have new ones to try. I think my favorite is the greek - the flavors meld so nicely. I also love the steak with the Stilton cheese - mmmm! I always eat outside - nice in the winter, misty in the summer. The only con I have is if you have to eat inside - the music is LOUD.   Now, I live in MN and can only enjoy pasties 'if/when' I make them or when I visit AZ. And when I visit AZ, Cornish Pasty makes the top 5 places to eat list.
They do one thing and one thing to perfection -- pasties! If you've never experienced one, imagine your favorite food baked into a light, flaky dough and served with the perfectly matched sauce. While you're at it, order a side of English style coleslaw or garlic chips and an ice cold draft. How could you possible go wrong? Even better are the amazing prices and relaxed atmosphere!
Very very good. Unique and a treat! Vegetarian selections are broad but there is definitely something for everyone. Get out of your box and go!
They have vegan menu
For lunch I had the Porky - it had roasted apples inside which added sweet detail.  They have Boddingtons on tap - that's my bff's favorite beer so I ordered one and sent him a pic for jealousy purposes.  It's a good beer, a little thicker than I'd prefer but being too thick is never a bad thing.    Service was friendly but slow.
I have spent some time in Cornwall and have eaten my fair share of pasties.  So I was excited to try this place out.  Right off the bat though, I love that they have so many vegetarian and vegan options.  That's really nice.  I tried the balsamic portobello mushroom pasty, the chips, and the chocolate bread and butter pudding.  Overall, it was good.  I would say that, aside from the chips, it's not as authentic as I would have hoped for.  The pasty itself was a bit more "posh" than what you'd normally find.  To be fair, I didn't do a direct comparison.  In Cornwall, I had previously eaten the more traditional pasties like cheese and onion, pork and apple, etc.  But I'm not looking a gift horse in the mouth, as I said, I was very happy to have so many veggie options.  But the pasty did seem more posh in term of the pastry being more refined than what you'd normally see.  I mean, basically, the pasties they serve are actually probably better made and prepared than real pasties... the pastry is crisper but also a little tougher.  Overall, I like my pasty though.  The chocolate bread and butter pudding though, I'm afraid, was really not what I was expecting.  Real bread and butter pudding is made with chunks of bread and, you guessed it, soaked in butter (among other things).  What I was served was something more like a sponge cake soaked with brandy and comes with a little pot of creme anglaise (which I don't think I was ever served at any time in the UK, but hey ho!).  The sponge cake has more of a consistency of treacle tart/pudding.  Minus the treacle, of course.  And again, it tasted really nice and was a lovely dessert in it's own right, it was just not bread and butter pudding.  It looked like a striped cube, by the way.  So I guess for the food that's my review, that the food was very good in it's own right, and possibly is a posh version of those foods, but I didn't get that authentic homey feel from it like I hoped because it wasn't the real thing.  I would definitely go there again though.  The service was really good.  I liked the vibe of the place and the decor is cool.  And the food was tasty overall.  It's a nice, casual, fun restaurant.
My fiance finally dragged me here after years if talking about how good it was.  The good was really good.  I wish their dinners came with a side of veggies instead if having to order something extra.  My only complaint was the water misters outdoors.  Barely 90 degrees and they were running.  Normally I'm ok with that but everything was soaked.  The chair padding, the table, then my food..  they finally turned them off and then they dripped, and dripped and dripped some more.. all over my dress clothes and my head.  I left looking like I ran through a sprinkler.    Food is worth it, if you sit inside.
Awesome pasties - so many vegetarian selections!! Awesome soup! Awesome salad! Awesome beer! Awesome sides! Awesome desserts! Ok I've really only had the bonaffee pie ;) Service is hit or miss, but Pasty Co gets an extra star because they are so vegetarian friendly!! ** MAKE SURE you try a side of the chipotle sauce with any pasty!
I first went to the Tempe location for vegetarian food. Their greek salad (dressing) is great. I've been trying the pasties and I like them all so far. The wine gravy is different.   The Mesa location has more room and the patio. The church pews add a touch of humor. Better when you're with friends. Cool place for a beer. The service is relaxed and good..try it!
I just moved here from SD and this is the first place Ive found with the slightest hint of authenticity or originality.  The servers are tastefully rude in a way that is amusing and contributes to the dark atmosphere. Everything inside is dark, old, and antiquely, which together with the black and white gothic portraits an candlestick lighting makes you feel like you're in an alfred hitchcock movie.  The food is outstanding. I had some kind of mexican food pasty and every bite was delicious. If you've never been here and are a fan of anything alternative or outside of the box, I highly recommend you try this restaurant.
I ordered a pasty stuffed with ground beef, French fries, onions, melted Swiss Cheddar blend, and it was DELICIOUS. They're so big, my friend and I (both of us girls) split one, so it was only $4.50 each. I also got the mushroom spinach soup, which comes with homemade (I think) bread and butter, and the soup was warm, thick, and not too creamy. We finished off with the Shirley Temple for dessert, an amazing toffee, chocolatey bread pudding that comes with a white cream you can stir into it. Restaurant is pretty dark inside, and they play loud Indie music, so I wouldn't go with a client or boss, but with friends, it's great. Just the right volume so you can notice the music, but still have a conversation.
Oh man! I have a favorite fast food restaurant in Nebraska called Runza... every time I go there, I have to eat as many as possible. Needless to say, I had my first Cornish Pasty and holy moly, it's seriously a glorified Runza! So amazingly delicious! It's kind of like a calzone only not pizza styled. I had a shepherd's pie in mine and totally worth every calorie! :D
I have been here three times so far.  The pasties have been hit and miss for us.  We tried one of the rosemary pasties and didn't really enjoy it but last time we had the pilgrim and my wife and I both thought it was great.    The pasties are smallish compared with portions at most restaurants and a little on the expensive side at 8 to 10 dollars each.  The house salad comes with a great and unique dressing that is almost like a pesto.  The oven chips are some of the best French fries I've had.  The roasted potatoes were on the dry side.  The mushy peas are good but I'm not sure what to compare them with.  The place is small and a little awkward with much of the seating being long benches.  The staff is good but a little on the brusque side.  Last time we were in the waiter told us he had something else take care of and asked if we minded waiting.  He was trying to get another table out that needed to get back to work.  Once we had his attention he was very attentive that left me feeling like we were bothering him at the same time.    Neither my wife nor I really care for the red wine gravy.  It tastes a little muddy to us.  The potato leek soup is excellent with a strong flavor of stilton cheese and a nice slice of bread.  They also have a great beer selection.  I'm sure we will go back again but Cornish Pasty is not on our regular rotation.
I'm still a huge fan of the food, but the last time I went here the service was bad. I was introducing friends to the restaurant, and it was embarrassing. Here are the bad points: -My friend asked if they had a kids menu. The answer? The server barely looked at her, briskly said no, and quickly walked away. I really don't care if they don't have a kids menu, but I could think of a few nicer responses.  -Our water glasses were rarely refilled. We're in AZ. It was about 100 that day, and we were sitting outside.  -The server said they don't split checks. Weird. They've done it other times I've been there. Plus, we were perfectly split into our groups, so why is this difficult?  -The general attitude of our server was very poor, like we were a bad interruption in his day.
I'm so torn over the rating! The food was fantastic! I had the Cottage Pie, my husband had the Carne Adovado. Both were rich, tasty, and well-made, but the service was dismal! It took 10 minutes for our waitress to approach the table, which wasn't initially a problem but the service only went downhill from there. It took a half-hour to get our food, and our server never checked on drinks, we sat there with empty glasses and drinks with no ice, finally went to the bartender for refills. Again, the food was awesome! With my husband being a pastry chef we always want to try desserts and ordered the Bonaffee Pie and the Apple Pasty, after we ordered we waited...and waited...and waited, no sign of our server, finally waved down another server he checked and our desserts were right there! Again, our server nowhere to be seen, still empty glasses. After waiting for so long we weren't really interested in our desserts anymore unfortunately, then surprise! Suddenly our server was there with the bill!! After not seeing her for 40 minutes she drops the bill, doesn't offer boxes, no conversation, just drops the check. After we paid, she hovered at the next table which was empty and took the check before we were even completely out of our seat.      So TL;DR         For our first time here, food was excellent, but service was so bad we won't be back! I'll give the Tempe location a try, hopefully service will be better, but I won't go back to the Mesa location again.
I've had this twice - once my friend, the penguin, brought some over - and then Saturday night we actually dined there.  The pasty itself tasted much better eating there - probably because it didn't have time to get soggy.  But the side dish, the broccoli and cauliflower smothered in bread crumbs and cheese is LEGIT.  Very unique concept, and the crowd is very hipster / bohemian - which always makes for good people watching.  I'll be back fo' sho'!
What a FANTASTIC find!  My first trip to Ireland was earlier this year, and I've been craving pasties ever since.  After a random Google search, I found this place..followed by a quick lookup of reviews on Yelp.  Let me tell you, the excellent reviews on Yelp are spot on!  Today was my first visit.  I ordered 2 pasties for pickup during my lunch hour, as I figured I'd eat half of each one and save the rest for dinner(IF it was any good).  I got the Cheese Steak(10 out of 10) and the Shepherd's Pie(8 out of 10).  After a 15 minute drive back to work, they were still piping hot!  And the taste absolutely blew me away.  The Cheese Steak was PHENOMENAL....it will be hard not to order that the next few times I go, but eventually I'd like to try the many other creations they have.  I've heard their Happy Hour is fantastic, so I intend on rounding up some friends to check that out sometime soon!
I've been a handful of times now, and it just gets better. I vow to try a new pastry every time, and every time it is delicious! I love the vegan options as well. Everyone I bring to this little speakeasy loves it. The ambiance is what really sets it apart from other places. It's a hip, cool environment that really makes you feel like you stepped into Ireland. It is great for date night, or happy hour with friends.  Every server we have ever had has been very nice as well.
The food here is quite good and original. HOWEVER the incredibly horrible service was impossible to overlook. We came in and sat at the bar for a good, 10 minutes until I finally asked the cook behind the bar if he could take our order. He said yeah sure, wrote it down and put it somewhere. About 30 minutes later I decide to check, walk over and ask the waitress if she can check on our food. She asks the cook, he said he never got anything. The cook says well I gave the other cook the order. So we wait another 20 minutes for our forgotten food. After eating, plates sit empty, still no waitress, so I walk over to one and tell her we need our bill. This was so utterly disappointing.
I have lived in the area for years and always passed this place wondering what it was.  Finally, my Husband and I decided to give it a try...we had no idea what to expect.  The place is very intimate.  Some of the tables are long with benched seating so yes there is a possibility you may sit next to strangers.  But who cares when the food is as YUMMY AS IT IS!!!  The menu pretty basic but has many options for a Pasties.  I ordered the Carne Adovada it was AMAZING!  My Husband got the Pesto Chicken he raved about how delicious it was (didn't try because I do not like pesto).  We ended with dessert some apple caramel sauce with ice cream it was to die for!
After living in the southwest part of England for many years, this is the next best thing, if not improved from the original.   Venue: I think they hit the mark with the church benches and the door tables. Its usually pretty busy on the weekends and can be hard to get somewhere to sit. They are expanding this location which is pretty rad news. The candelabra is pretty good at setting the random tone. They music is usually the hipster genre but thats ok for me.   Appetizer: This is by far the best Mushroom Soup I have yet to find in America. Very similar to the mushroom soup you would find in most pubs in souther England. If they could add the fried bread under, it would perfect.  Food: Tried pretty much all the meat pasties. Can't go wrong with the Oggie or a shepherds pie.   Dessert: Best bonofy pie in town. Other then me mums.  I sugest this to everyone!
Rosemary chicken was scrumptious! The  mustard cream sauce was a great complement. One pasty will definitely fill you up. Then share some fries and you're golden! They have a variety of pasties and I want to try more! It is almost like a calzone but better...gourmet hot pocket!  Oven chips, or awesome fries are fantastic with jalapeno. YUMMMM.   I brought it all to-go, but I'd like to eat in because the ambiance seems chill and pretty rad.
Their vegan vindaloo pasty is amazing.  Every day that have two vegan options... great atmosphere, food, and service.
I LOVE cornish pasty!! The ambience is really neat but the place itself is a little small. Everytime I go, I try a new pasty and every one I have tried, I have liked. Good selection of beers (import and domestic). I personally like sitting up at the bar because staff is really friendly and chatty (if you want them to be).  If you're looking for a new place to try that's casual, this place is great!
I wish we had this place back home! I'm now hooked on pasties! The hubs and I ordered the shepherd's pie and I got the chicken massala. It's a little on the expensive side and the portions aren't very big. We actually ordered a third shepherd's pie cause we were still hungry and it was so good! lol. The strongbow cider was also very delicious. We'll be going back here again next time we're in town.
I was a little leary after reading about the customer service. Wow, yes it's busy and the staff is squeezing through small passages since the tables and chairs take up a lot of room, but I have no complaints. The food was AMAZING, the drinks were strong, and the service was fine (aka busy!) HINT: Go early or you will be waiting for a table. I would love to see them move into a bigger place, like maybe next to Postino's in downtown Gilbert! Hint, hint!
Comfort food and beer at it's finest!  Had to try this joint based on the Yelp reviews and after looking at the menu online.  My husband and I were out driving around aimlessly yesterday and when he said he was in the mood for a beer, I said, "I think I know just the place."    As soon as we walked in I felt like I was no longer in AZ.  The pub atmosphere is great with a lot of bar and counter seating and church pew type benches for seating, but made comfortable with cushions.  I had the Oggie and really enjoyed the tender, flavorful steak and potatoes.  The crust for the pasties was nice too.  Very flaky and buttery.  My husband had the Meat & Cheese and we both liked the spice blend in that one.  So 2/2 on the pasties.  We shared a side of chips (frites) which were cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Crisp on the outside, but like floaty mashed potatoes on the inside.  3/3.    I was impressed with the beer selection.  They have everything from local brews to Oregon and CA brews to Chimay and a couple of other European ones.  I started with the Hoegaarden white, which I had never had and enjoyed immensely.  My husband ordered the Rogue Hazelnut Brown and that's not what he got.  It was a very good IPA, I suspect it was the Four Peaks IPA that was on the menu, but it definitely wasn't the Rogue which we have had many times.  He mentioned it to our server (who was great by the way, even though it was fairly busy in there), and she said he wasn't the only one to say that, but that's the beer that came out of the Rogue tap.  I think they got their kegs crossed or something.  She offered to get him something else and I forget what he ordered but it was the correct beer that time.  She didn't charge us for the first beer, which was a nice surprise when we got the check, even though we drank every last drop of it.  We didn't know what it was, but it was not going to go to waste.    I ended with the Firestone Walker Double DBA.  I think.  By that time all the blood was in my very happy belly.  They have a good amount of outdoor seating on a very attractive deck.  It was a little hot for that yesterday, but I will definitely be back to try that out.  This would also be a great place to belly up to the bar.  From what I could see all the employees were working hard to take care of their customers and I saw a lot of smiles.  How could you not be smiling with all that great food and beer and all day Happy Hour?!?!
I went there at night on a recommendation of a friend and didn't really know what to expect. The place is somewhat hidden and rather unpretentious compared to other restaurants. The place is lit by candles and soft lightings, with metal music playing in the background. Occasional rock and metal music plays in the back ground which goes well with the easy ambience. The place despite its unconventional getup offers intimacy for groups and also welcomes loners. They have a huge collection of beer, both domestic and imported, all reasonably priced. On to the main course - pasties. Comparing pasty with hot-pockets oversimplifies this delicacy. Alright, its roasted bread stuffed with cheese and your choice of meat, but there is so much more to it. Depending on what you get, you'll get to enjoy vibrant flavors that go well with your choice of alcohol (personal recommendation - get Buddingtons). Pasty recommendation: Peppered Lamb
I could eat here everyday. The variety of different pastys are awesome!  Chicken tiki masala is definitely #1. The music gets a little weird but the atmosphere and awesome and the beer selection rocks. Not only that but they do have some of their pasty's in vegetarian form - so when you aren't feelin' meat you still get an freakin' awesome tasting pasty.
Don't deny yourself the chance to eat here - the food is amazing. As a 5 star description says, "As good as it gets!" is the truth here. Great vegetarian options! Note to first-timers: just grab a table, it's kind of a casual system. Good beer, good music, great prices. Tony helped with the recommendations, and was spot on. Tell him "Hi!".
Awesome British food:Yes  Relaxed atmosphere: Yup Hot waiter: Oh, Yeah
This place is so great!  The atmosphere is comfortable, and the menu is expansive.  This is a great place for vegetarians.  We were starving so we started with an order of baked fries that were fabulous.  They were big slices of potatoes that were baked with olive oil, black pepper, and salt.  They were crispy and yummy.  Next I had a half order Greek salad that was very fresh and very tasty.  And next I had the vegetarian "chicken" tikka masala and my husband had the royale with cheese.  My tikka masala had great flavor, and the "chicken" seemed so real that it maked me nervous that maybe the waiter messed up and gave me a real chicken tikka masala, although I know that did not happen.  My husband and I really enjoyed our lunch and will definitely be back.  I already know what I am going to get next time, the vegetarian cottage pie.  I can't wait!
Tell you the truth I was extremely nervous to try a Cornish Pasty, but boy am I glad I did. I have never been to the University location but I can tell you that this one is awesome! It is interesting to learn about where the Pasty originated and that story is told in all of the menus.   My meal of choice is the Cajan Chicken and a ice cold english hard cider to wash it down.
If I ever leave Arizona, this will be at the top of my list of local places I will miss dearly. Whenever I've had a long, crappy day (or week, or month, or...), I usually find myself craving my go-to comfort food. This, my friends, is Cornish Pasty.  I wasn't always a believer. When I first heard about CP last year, I thought it sounded kinda weird. "I don't think I'll like it," I told my Cult of Pasty friends. You can't accurately describe the glory that is a pasty to someone who has never experienced it. (As another reviewer noted, "glorified hot pocket" doesn't sound too appealing.) But if you haven't tried it yet, at least do it once, just so you don't have to wonder anymore. Seriously, just go.  I have never tried a pasty I didn't like. Ever. Thing is, I'm an extremely picky eater, and I dislike a lot of veggies (taste, texture, whatever, they weird me out). Yet this place can make me eat spinach, artichokes, tomatoes, onions, and potatoes like they're my favorite foods. Somehow, they magically combine a bunch of ingredients that sound like they may or may not go well together into one amazingly delicious, harmonious pocket of baked goodness. It's always perfect. I was especially hesitant to try the salmon pasty, but you know what? It's one of my favorites. Magic, I tell you.  But great food comes with a price. There's a good chance there will be a little wait here. There's also a good chance the service will be spotty, which is why I knocked off one star. On several occasions, our server has been extremely scarce, or food has come out at different times (as in, one pasty comes out and 15 minutes later, the other is out... doesn't make for a great dining experience with your partner). Mostly, we just have to wait to get anything we ask for, so bring your patience with you just in case.  My least favorite thing, though, is the door leading to the patio. That freaking door! On my last visit, it drove me CRAZY because every 15 seconds, someone would come in or out, and it would SLAM so audibly that I couldn't ignore it. I think it's just the door itself, but couldn't they like... make an effort to close it quietly, if they can't get it fixed? It was so distracting that I was having a hard time hearing conversations or enjoying my meal. There's no way I'm the only one bothered by this. Management, please fix ASAP.  But here's a great thing: when you're not in the mood to deal with being squished into a little bench with some strangers or searching for your waiter to get the water refill you needed 10 minutes ago, you can always call in your order, pick it up, and bake it at home - then sit down with your favorite beer or wine and enjoy your meal in privacy. Tastes just as delicious, I promise. Give it a try.
I really wish I had the option for a 4.5 rating. The Cornish Pasty, Co. has been a date-spot as well as a casual hangout of mine for years now. The best thing about the Pasty (pronounced "Pass-Tee") is not only the amazingly simple food, but the elegant atmosphere. Where else can you dine under candlelight without feeling like a chump? The lighting is dim and beautiful, the surroundings simple yet quaint. You can get the full story behind what a Pasty is inside every menu, and I recommend reading about it! Interesting stuff! The prices are very consistent throughout the menu, typically being around $9 per dish, which is very acceptable considering the density and beauty of the food.   The staff is typically friendly, with the occasional "I'm having a bad day" server. It can be hard to tell who is a server, as they wear simple street clothes, but I believe this adds to the welcoming feel that the owner, Dean, has established. Apparently renovations are to be coming soon, with the restaurant expanding to almost double the current size. I'm anxious to see how this will affect the overall mood of the place, but also excited for change.   There are no TV's here, so don't expect to go watch a game. You do however have a nice range of beer and wine choices, with a limited liquor selection. I was told that the bar will expand with the addition.   Date? Go! Hangout with friends? Go! Take mom out to dinner? Go! I can't think of any circumstance that this place doesn't cater to. (oh yeah, and they also actually cater to parties as well, which I believe can be requested through their website http://www.cornishpastyco.com/menu/index.html along with a full menu.  Give it a shot, you won't regret it!
I really enjoy eating here.  The food and drinks are always delicious, and have yet to disappoint.  The service is a bit slow but super friendly and super accommodating.  Look forward to returning.
Took my mom here last night for the first time. She loved it! I love the food here, but as for the service, its mediocre. Seating is kinda limited unless your at the bar or a smoker and are out on the patio. Love this place!
In the mood for something different than Mexican & sushi. Saw the 4.5 Yelp review, not a fan of anything British as a general rule, but what the heck, all the Yelpers can't be wrong, & they served food until MIDNIGHT!  Frankly, I expected it to be "good, but not my style," as I prefer lighter, healthier food for the most part, NOT a "meat & potatoes person."  Went there alone since my family wasn't with me. I was a very "un-hipster" 40-ish yr old female alone. As I walked up I noted the loud patio, people having fun/drinking, hmm. Inside: dark but not in a seedy way, real wax dripped down the wine bottles holding the candles. Church pew seating as mentioned. Pretty cool, but the tables looked huge & daunting for this SWF diner. The outside looked too "party".   No one really approached me right away, a few people said hi, but they all looked so casual sans uniform, I couldn't quite tell if they worked there or just walking by?  Didn't know if I should wait to be seated, but there was really no obvious place to wait for such guidance, as the front door leads right into the dining room. After a few awkward seconds I identified that guy as definitely an employee & threw myself at his mercy, "Hi. I'm new. How does this work?"  He was great, sit anywhere. Grabbed a seat at the end of the raised bar. As someone else said, a good place to bolt from if things didn't go well. Also had a good view of the dining room, the kitchen prep area & the servers work area.   Friendly Serena stopped by, I warned her too that I was new. She was great! Since they clearly have a great, well-chosen list of ales & beers & that seems an obvious British accompaniment to pastys, I told her some of the beers I normally liked, such as IPAs, Kiltlifter, Dogfish Head 60 & 90. She lit up & said she's bring a sample of one she thinks I'd like. Love the service already!! I love love love when they bring samples of something so you can truly decide before committing. She NAILED IT - On-tap Green Flash Hop Head Red. Never heard of it, LOVE IT.  Ordered the Chicken Tika Masala pasty since I was in the international mood & Yelpers said it was good. Waited the 15 mins or so. Noticed that the servers have fun, the kitchen is friendly like everyone says, the crowd is diverse.  The music is great, stuff I like, upbeat, some good swing-dancing music, Stray Cats, etc. Only thru Yelp reviews did I learn it's now "hipster" music, ha ha. Then arrived the pasty...  SOOOO much better than a typical calzone crust! I love how thin but sort of crisp the crust is! Nothing even close to doughy, it's lightly holding the divine insides. The Chicken was moist and chunky, the tikka masala sauce was spiced but not "hot," really savory flavor.  The side sauce was perfect with it, nice touch that they all have various perfect accompaniment sauces! I asked Serena for a box right away to take the other half home to family. Good thing I did, or I would have stuffed myself with it because it was sooo tasty & been in pain later.  I'm also not really much of a dinner-out dessert person, as they are usually too over the top gooey sweet for me. But the Banoffee Pie with bananas caught my eye. Home-made caramel? In home-made graham crust? What??  Argh, okay....  I can have a few bites & take the rest home.  Serena was again brilliant, telling the kitchen to "build it" in the to-go container. Once it arrived, I could see why, truly awesome suggestion, as moving it would have messed it all up. The guy behind the counter asked,  "Just bananas or also strawberries?" I deferred to Serena the Expert... "Plus strawberries."   He told me when busy, he doesn't have time to create this masterful work of art that he made, but tonight he was able to do so. It was beautiful, and tasted 10 times better. I couldn't stop. I didn't know why. Finally, another server stopped by and we chatted about it. The secret is: the caramel is sweet, the graham crust is both sweet & salty, & the whipped cream isn't sweetened at all. The balance is WONDERFUL! Scary-wonderful: "...just one more bite, then I will close the box..."  Thanks, Cornish Pasty, will be back with many others really soon!!!
From the outside, it looks like any other restaurant in a strip mall.  But walk inside, and it's long black tables with benches, molted candle wax covered wine bottles and some pretty tattoo clad, pierced, rocking, and very friendly staff members.  The menu explains the pastry and it's a interesting story.  I grew up with meat and potato's so I was expecting something like my mom's pot roast, but within a pastry shell.  What I didn't expect was that little bit of mint in mine.  I ordered the lamb and mint but didn't expect it to be savory and stand out, but it was good.  I also tried the desert pastries, be ready to wait, they take a while to bake, but it was worth it.  Shirley Temple's pudding, sticky toffee pudding, imported British treacle, and served with creme anglaise.  We enjoyed the food, and we enjoyed the service.
Stopped in here for lunch today, accompanied by Robyn N. & Mike C.  This is a smallish, rather oddball place with old church pews for most of the seating, & glass-topped doors for tables.  For this first visit, I went with a bowl of their Red Pepper, Black Bean, Rice, Chicken & Jalepeo Soup, and an Oggie, the traditional pasty of England.  The soup came with four thick slices of just baked bread & plenty of fairly soft butter on the side, & the pasty was a good sized turnover sort of a thing with steak chunks, potatoes, onion & rutabaga.  On the side was a little cup of red wine gravy to dip it in.  Everything was good & the array of pasty selections is generous, so it would take many visits to get tired of this fun place!     :-))  Oggie Pasty $8.50, Bowl of soup with bread $4.75
You shouldn't leave a restaurant feeling upset and humiliated.  But we did!  Earlier tonight, my son jokingly said that he wanted British food for dinner.  Having heard the stories of our adventures in England and just how bad the food was there, this is a bit of a running joke in our house.  But then I thought of all of the amazing reviews about this place on Yelp, and how we thought it might become a regular haunt for us.  So we hopped in the car with our two kids and headed out.  After parking, we walked up to the restaurant, where 3 people were sitting below the entry door and patio.  We went up to the door and looked around, not quite sure where to go.  There was no staff, and no obvious stand with a hostess, but I saw two empty big booths outside on the patio.  So I left my husband and two kids standing around by the door outside while I went inside.  I was greeted by the side of a bar.  Still no staff or obvious hostessing area.  I walked across the restaurant and saw a couple of empty tables, another empty table outside, and a lot of space up at the bar.  The only staff were standing at the kitchen bar area, and one girl was loading up with plates.  Still no obvious hostess.  I told the girl that we were new and had never been there before, and asked if we just seat ourselves.  She said "Yeah".  I said "Great, we'll sit outside then.  Will somebody know to come serve us?"  Again--affirmative.  So I went back outside and told my husband we could sit down.  At this point, one of the two booths had been taken and so we seated ourselves at the other.  My husband grabbed menus and we were browsing the menus.  The server came and greeted us, and half way through his greeting he just walked away over by where we entered.  I saw one of the people who'd been sitting by the door pointing over at us.  The server came back and told us that there was a waiting list (the three people by the door were now five).  He apologized, but we knew we were being ejected from our table.  The people at the table next to us were staring, and I was feeling guilty and humiliated that we had apparently stolen someone's table.  Feeling extremely uncomfortable after both the lack of any greeting and having to track down staff AND their lack of communication, plus having other customers' eyes on us and obviously having angered the people waiting, we opted to leave.  I was feeling completely humiliated and ended up being upset for quite a while.  Sooo.. they may have great food, but I really have no desire to go back.  Hopefully they can work on greeting customers and their communication issues.  Obviously it wasn't meant to be a new regular joint for us.
One of my favorite restaurants! I eat at Cornish Pasty at least once a month because the food is that good and the atmosphere is ago much fun. Everything on the menu is yummy, but the Reuben pasty is the best on the menu. Truly delish.
Had lunch here with Rand H. and Robyn N. and I had the chipotle chicken pasty and it was awesome. The garlic fries were good but not like the pasty. the next time I go there I will try a different pasty with a dessert. Dont get me wrong though the fries are good but I will need the room for dessert because they have hot sticky pudding and I was to full to try it. So I am looking forward to returning to this place.The pasties are great!!!
Try it.  They're amazing.
Love this place.  I think that every city should have a pasty joint!  I love the stylish yet simple decor that isn't trying too hard and the friendly and welcoming vibe you get from the minute you walk through the door.  I was skeptical that this place would have much selection since after all, they were only selling pasties, but their menu features so many different kinds (I wanted to try them all!) and they even have great salads as well.  I settled on starting with a Greek salad and a peppered steak pasty, both which exceeded my expectations.  They also have a great selection of beer and wine if you look for something to quench your thirst.
Amazing!! Great food and lots of it!! Gotta love the huge outdoor patio too.  Definitely gonna be a regular!
We ate here a few weeks ago but took it home instead of eating there since its self serve seating and there were no available tables. My hubby got the Cottage's Pie and I had the Oggie. We both liked our food but I think my hubby liked his more then I liked mine. I think the flavors were over powering and too bold. It just seemed off and extremely heavy. Next time we go I'll try the Reuben pasty with corned beef and pastrami, it should be a bit lighter and more to my liking. Service was good, everyone was nice, and I loved the dcor of the restaurant. Very old world British looking with the  dark woods mixed with white walls.
I have heard so much about this place!   The reviews.  My co-workers and my kids rave about this place.  I really wanted to like it.  Atmosphere is great. Huge assortment.  We got our food and first bite was ok.  It was luke warm.  Mind you the place was not busy early evening before  dinner with a long wait for the food to come. THe second bite was not as warm.  The third bite was cold.  Not just cold but soggy mush cold. Some food can be eaten cold.  Pizza, Fried Chicked.  This just flat out turns you off and ruins your taste buds.  The staff after 10 minutes of trying to get them away from staring at their cell phones and the group conversation at the bar.  They blankly look at you and say,  "do you want us to heat it up?"  We were turned off. Its like reheating leftovers.  THey sent a couple home with us and we paid for our beer.  Been to several pasty places. I love them! They keep them in the oven with a much smaller choice range. So when you get they are baked throught out, hot and feel like a meat pie should taste.  Its all about quality control
I absolutely loved this place! Walking in the dark and warm atmosphere captures you right away. Everyone greets you with a friendly face and a hello as you seat yourself. Our server Mandy made us feel very welcome and was very prompt in every way. I am also a huge fan of craft beers and she did a great job of recommending a few that i enjoyed. I ordered the Cajun Chicken pasty and it was amazing! Great taste good portion and fair prices, I will definitely be returning as i had a great experience.
Oh Cornish Pasty Company... your acoustics aren't great and your tables do need a bit of cleaning but your food is so delicious I see and hear nothing else. The bangers and mash pasty coupled with a side of mushy pea is quite possibly the best thing I've ever had. Top it off with great service and a beautiful atmosphere and I'm in love. I have heard that they are opening a location in Vegas and implore anyone from management reading to open a Tucson location!
I'm in Phoenix a handful of times a year, and typically visit chain restaurants. But, I've decided to make an honest attempt at supporting local businesses, so... thanks to Yelp, found Cornish Pasty Co! It's always kind of hard relying solely on Yelp reviews - typically, when I decide to go with a Yelp recommendation, I've heard someone mention it in conversation or I've read an article about it.   I am happy to report that the rating for this place is spot on! I ordered the tikka masala pasty, and my husband ordered the reuben. Husband said it's the reuben he's ever had (though, I disagree) and my pasty was so delicious, I continued to eat it despite being overfull. Husband was very pleased with the beer he selected as well.  Told my MIL about it & hope she tries it out soon, as she typically sticks with restaurants that she is familiar with. Looking forward to going back over the holidays!
Love this place!  Try any pasty and you won't be disappointed.
This is not the place to go if you are on a diet. The food is heavy but oh so yummy. The pasty with the turkey and stuffing is my favorite. Their soups are great too. I love the bread that comes with the soups. The staff has always been attentive and friendly as well. The only problem is when I go there I have to sit outside. The inside of the restaurant smells really bad to me. It smells like a mix of old beer and barf....:(
the food is great! i had the cajun chicken and it was delish, chicken ham bacon and cheese with chipotle sauce. service was friendly and fast. atmosphere was fun and friendly. I need to come here more often
I would come here everyday if I could. It had a hipster edge.. Great for the beer, even better for the food. It's reminiscent for my guy who lived in Cornwall and misses the fare there.
So good! Perfect for comfort food! Just amazing food!
My mother-in-law grew up on this type of food, so when she came to visit for Christmas, we thought this would be a fun place to take her.  The menu looked interesting and the high review scores were promising.  We went on a Thursday night and got there for a late dinner after running some other errands about 8:00.    When I first walked in, I thought they might be closing because ninety percent of the dining room was empty and had been blocked off.  But a guy by the door - who I eventually figured out worked there - said it would only be a minute for the table.  So I gave him my name and we waited.  After about 10 minutes, he came by and told us they were clearing a table.  10 minutes later he said that again.  After 30 minutes of waiting, he admitted that he had no idea when seating would be available.  We gave up and left - the Thai food next door was fantastic.  If they had just been upfront and told us that most of their seating was unavailalbe, we would have placed a to-go order.  But don't say you're clearing a table if there isn't really a table...
I had read positive reviews of this unpretentious restaurant for a year before steering their way on a whim around my birthday. I was not disappointed. Great food, drink, and service. I had potato leek soup, bread, curried potatoes, and a lamb mint pastie. I chose a pint of 1664 followed by a Guinness, both fresh on tap. I liked the candles in bottles with heavy wax drippings . . . Except. Except the proprietors chose vodka bottles with the hammer and  sickle. No big deal if you approve of the worst mass murderers in history.  If it is supposed to be daring or chic, try swastika festooned decor; same reality.
Love this place! Great food, atmosphere, and booze!
Went here the other day for the first time.  It was really good, and Im looking forward to going back again and trying other things.   I had the Meat and Cheese pastie with the Red Wine Gravy.  ummm YUM!  I also had a side of baked beans.  Probably the closest thing I have had to and Australian Meat Pie in years.  I am really looking forward to going back and trying sheppards pie, made with minced LAMB.  You can get to go orders as well.
Food is great, but service is horrible.  The servers are rude and it took a 30 minutes to get our drinks and another 30 for our food. I really liked this place when it first opened.  We live in the area and had hoped for this to be a regular place for us to come to eat, drink and meet friends. I hope the management fixes the problem with the service.  If you are going to try this place, I suggest you sit at the bar for better service.
The food at this place is so amazing!   I can't wait to go back.  I had the salmon pasty and it was a real joy to the mouth.  There were 6 in our party and all of us were very happy with our food.  My pasty was so large I could only eat half, YEAH I get to have the other half tomorrow for lunch
I would like to preface this review with this: I had no desire whatsoever to eat British food when I came here.  I was forced.  I was told it was amazing, and Yelp reviews have very rarely steered me wrong.  I walked in and loved the decor and set up!  It was very comfortable and I did feel like I was in a British pub.  Not that I have been to Britain.  But I can imagine.  I really like that they carry Quorn products.  I recently became aware of this meat-alternative and have gone a little nuts over it.  It tastes and has the same texture as real chicken.  Anyway, I digest.  I had the Quorn Chicken Pesto Pasty.  Oh my gosh, it was so good!  I was not a fan of the sauce it came with, and the service was pretty slow, which is why it got four instead of five.  The person I went with had....I don't know, but it was beefy and came with the best wine sauce ever.
This place is amazing!  Seriously, I couldn't find one thing wrong.  An amazing beer selection, great atmosphere, super cool staff, and the food was outstanding!  So stoked to have found a new favorite that is fairly close, and yet disappointed that I've been missing out on it for so long.  Highly recommend!
I grew up down the street from this place and it's in a strip mall I visited frequently, but I never went. I assumed it was a mom and pop place with consistently good food (it outlasted many other businesses in the complex), but maybe a little boring. My sister suggested we go there for a family dinner and I was so surprised when I walked in! Finally, a reason to check that little box for "hipster" ambience on Yelp!   Every server who walked by greeted me and told me I could just take a seat, but unfortunately there was not a big enough table for my group, so we started the list, which just grew and grew as more people tried to get in for their pasties! They have great patio tables outside and long community tables and bar seats inside in their newly expanded space.   It was a little dark and loud once we finally sat - not good for an overly tired infant we had in tow or my dad who has a hard time hearing in loud settings. As I mentioned, all the servers were great, except for some reason, ours. She was very rushed and unfriendly unfortunately. But, despite that, I really liked the place!   They have a whole page for vegetarian pasties, but once I actually look, I wasn't too impressed that they rely heavily on Quorn (fake meat), but there were a few choices of just veggies and I could get the balsamic mushroom pasty and be happy every time! However, my mom got the same, but with chicken and thought the balsamic taste was a little strong. They ran out of their chips, so we had their coleslaw, which was good.   I definitely plan on going back, maybe trying their Tempe location for their happy hour!
Super good comfort food with a moody laid back atmosphere. Many vegetarian options!! :)
It's this simple: how many good English Pubs with outstanding English Pasties (a folded pastry case filled with seasoned meat and vegetables) do you know of in the Valley? Exactly... If you don't know what a good English--yet conspicuously American influenced--pub is like, this is your best shot in Arizona.   The food is well thought out and straight forward. Some of the Pasties may be a bit more flavorful than your traditional English oriented places but the flavors are wonderful, and I dare say, healthy. There is a Pasty for you in there somewhere!   This vegetarian and vegan friendly atmosphere is a find for those who want to sit back, enjoy a pint and enjoy a candlelit evening and relax for the day. If you're looking for "vibe," you found your new place. The atmosphere reflects a relaxed and soulfully sophisticated crowd. Nothing bad to say about this place.
As someone who does not eat nonkosher meat, Cornish pasty has a ton of vegetarian selections and a salmon selection.  Their pasties are so perfectly cooked,  so flaky, have no grease, and always taste fresh.  I always order the vegetarian traditional pasty (forgot what its called) that has fake ground meat, cheddar cheese, mashed potatoes, and peas.  It is great..  Such good flavors all mixed together in that perfect dough.  Also, it costs less than 10$!  The negatives are that a pasty is not quite enough to fill me up for dinner, and they do not come with anything.  The soups are pretty good though, especially the walnut one.  I am not a fan of any of their sides that I have tried such as the oven baked chips or beans.  You are better off ordering 2 pasties and taking the leftovers home rather than ordering a pasty and a side.
I absolutely love this place.  They have great beers on tap and excellent food.  What more could you ask for?  On my most recent trip I had the Cajun chicken pasty again but with oven chips.  The oven chips were fabulous with garlic.  The pasty was exploding with flavor.  The crust was flaky and delicious.  The filling was very delicious.  I wish we had something similar back in St. Louis as it would be a great hit.    Since my last review they have doubled in size.  The new space looks great!  If you have never been here, I highly recommend checking this place out.  You won't be disappointed.
Yummy Goodness!!! The Mushroom Walnut soup is Cozy Delisciousness (trust me on this) and the Hot Flaky Pasties are comfort food in a crust! Love the dark English Pub feel and the cool vibe of the place. The white candles in the old wine bottles are a nice rustic touch and add to the ambience. The one draw back is that the service can be hit or miss- but a plus is that if you don't want to be dine in you can order half-baked pasties to go for $6. I told an Australian friend I went here, and she said she had just been there a few days before and she could literally eat one of their pasties every single day. She loves them so much she wanted me to go again with her the next day!
Rock it!  Great food, huge portions and an enormous outdoor patio.  Definitely coming back!
I was invited here for dinner with a couple of gal pals. I really liked the set up here. We opted to sit at the bar and watch them make their magic and interact with the staff whom are all super friendly. They have a wide variety of "pasties" and fit almost any tastebud craving. I opted to try their soup and garlic- jalapeo chips, the soup was rather bland and the chips were cold. My friends really liked their pasties, so I can't comment on them, maybe next time if I return I'll try one and see how they fair.
The waitstaff is so fun /and/ good at their jobs. My waiter, Matt, was a blast & cool about special requests. Got a chance to meet the manager, Justin, to tell him how great I thought everything was. Just cool people. And the food- uhh! Amazing! Oven chips & Greek Salad (with amazing lemon pesto dressing) and PB&J pasty with ice cream- under $15! If you haven't been here- get here. There whole menu is amazing & even vegetarian-friendly.
We HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this awesome place!  We both had the Chicken Greek Pasty...delicious! A very unique place to eat at. Cannot wait to go back to try something else on their menu. Try to go here!
Cornish Pasty Company, pronounced "Pass-tee," has two locations. The Mesa, Arizona site is the larger of them. The other location is in Tempe, Arizona, close to Arizona State University and the size of a small hallway. Both offer the same menu, but the wait time for seating is better in Mesa.   The only negative is that it takes a long time for the food to come, once ordered. However, the wait is worth it.  The food is tasty and priced low and everything is homemade, from the grinding of the various meats to the rolling of the pastry.
Woke up on Saturday and decided I needed to try something new that I have never had before. So I turned to the fine Yelpers I have come to know and love and found Cornish Pasty with the highest reviews in Mesa. Off I went having no clue what I was in for and never having had "British" food.   I have now found my new favorite obsession!!! We ordered two Pasty to share... the italian and the spicy chicken asagio. Both were my favorite! They were stuffed with lots of ingredients and came with sauces and were very tasty. We also got the oven chips with garlic and jalapeno. I think these are the best "chips" I have had anywhere hands down. We wanted more but were stuffed! However, not too stuffed to go for dessert. We shared the banana/carmel/graham cracker crust/whip cream pie. And wanted to lick the plate clean and fought like 2 year olds over the last bite! While it was large enough for two people and probably three people, it was so good that I think next time we will start with dessert!  Love the atmosphere here as well. Really unique and we don't have much around Mesa that really transports you to another place. I can't wait to go back and have found my new obsession!
This place is amazing! Family friends took us recently when we were wanting to try something new. The combination of meals inside a baked pastry was definitely unique. I had the peppered steak pasty and my husband had the pot pie. We were full after eating half but it was so good we finished once we licked our plates clean! My husband was also thrilled with their large beer selections.make room for dessert or take it to go! The banana and the strawberry deserts are u like anything we have ever tasted! Will definitely be returning to try all the variety of pastries available!
This place has a reputation for hiring only douchebags for waiters and they totally lived up to it. I wish I could tell you about the food but after almost an hour without getting any, we decided to leave. I don't think that a restaurant concept of rude service is a good one. Good service is important and this place totally failed on it.
It was so good the first time that I had to go back a second time the next day! I had never had a pasty before and I am now a huge fan. Great selection of filling that just about anyone should be able to find one they will like. I loved the music they had playing, unique atmosphere, and really great service both days. The Pasty takes a little while to cook but it well worth the wait. Their version of fries with garlic, jalapeno, or both are also a tasty treat to add though the pasty is really filling on it's own. I can't wait to go back and try all the different ones on the menu!
WORST SERVICE EVER. We'll get to that later. First off, they have a good beer selection and cool atmosphere, and it's worth checking the place out. The food is okay. It's a neat gimmick, but when it comes down to it, they're just fancy hot pockets. And they're not even that fancy. They are greasy and salty though, in a good way, so they go well with beer. All that said, I've been to the location at Dobson and Guadalupe on several occasions, and each time the service is just awful. This last time, I had two guests show up at different times, both had to wait more than 15 minutes before anyone asked them if they wanted anything. These delays continued throughout the visit, and more than once our server just completely forgot to put our orders in. "Oh, dude, I totally forgot. Huh-huh." Later, we all ordered food to go... The pasties came in the same bag (for three different parties), and none were labelled, so we had to send them back to figure out what's what. And get more bags. This visit was typical of every time I've been there. I'll probably go back, but it will be grudgingly.
We've been to the Tempe CPC a lot and just love the huge variety and the friendly staff. We were so excited that a new one opened in Mesa, which is a bit closer to our house. I haven't eaten there yet, but picked up "to go" twice. Everyone is so friendly and nice. Each time I've had to wait beyond the 20 minutes I was told, but each time my order is spot-on, hot and tasty. Now with the new bar in we're looking forward to coming in for a pint and a pasty.
Great food. Awesome atmosphere. Killer staff. Went in on a weekday around 5ish and was seated promptly and a waitress came right away. Was hoping to get a better happy hour special than I did, but that wasn't the reason I was there. Ordered the lamb shepards pie pasty and was blown away. The little red wine gravy was mind blowing as well. I'll definitely be heading back here more often.
This place NEVER disappoints...SO GOOD!!!
Probably not the best idea to bring children, however they are accommodating!
What a great unique place! Great atmosphere! It's as authentic as it gets! After living in Ireland and traveling around Europe this has a divine find. English food is good..don't believe me try this place! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the service is OK at best.
l love this roomy, pubby, delicious restaurant. Tried the Shepards Pie Pasty and it was really good (Rueben still wins). The joint was jumping on a Wednesday night which happens to be "reduced price Guiness night".  I like the hipster vibe and  can't wait to turn others onto it.
Don't go here! It is so good! Tried the cottage pie, which is beef compared the mbbaah pie. These are pretty good size pastries.....so watch out skinny peeps.  While you are eating these....try some Communist vodka....it will make you a Boris in no time.  Great vibe inside....almost hipsterish....
When I use to work in London, I always looked forward to having a pint at the end of the day with my friends.   Besides their incredible food, Cornish Pasty has the feel that reminds me very much of an English pub. The food is the real star here, but the beers they have on tap are outstanding.   One of my favorite, is the north London brewer Fuller's Extra Special Bitter(ESB). It's fresh, tasty and took me back to the City pubs of my youth. Granted the beer back then was warmer. LOL  As we sat waiting for our server, you could see everyone was happy to be here. We sat near the bar, to the right of where the cooks are preparing the meals. Pretty soon all those dozen or so bar stools were taken. There was a lot of laughing. Folks being happy at the end of the work week and enjoying each others company. What a great atmosphere!  We started with the 20 oz/ pint of the Fuller's ($6.00) that I mentioned (photo) and glass of the Leitz Out ($6.50) Riesling. Both hit the spot nicely.   For dinner we ordered the Bangers and Mash pasty, along with the Rosemary Chicken pasty and shared some English Oven garlic chips ($3.50). I believe the chicken might have been the better of the two pasty, but not by much!  Both, had a sophisticate layering of flavors, that were subtle and very nice.  In the hands of a different Chef, you could see how the flavors might have overwhelm the palette. But not here. Surprising they were only $9.00 each. Incredible.   For dessert, we shared the Chocolate Bread Pudding ($6.00) and the Apple Carmel Pasty ($5.00). Both were also delicious.   Each of the above items were very filling. We couldn't finish them, or the desserts. So we had four "to go" boxes for later. I've posted several pictures and we really had a fun time.  Our bill came to a fair $49.07 including taxes, but before gratuities.   We'll be back. Enjoy!
Cornish Pasty food & service:  5/5  The Romper Room Effect 0/5  We had a late lunch around 1:30 on Easter Sunday and our server was great!  The receipt said his name was Johnny Cakes.  Somehow I doubt that's totally accurate, but hey....if it is, you go Johnny!  He was friendly and laid-back and took great care of us.  The pasties were great, as usual, and we also tried a side of their curry potatoes which were delicious!  If you like curry, these are cubed, perfectly roasted potatoes with a few roasted tomato bits as well.  They complimented the pasties and beer perfectly and I would definitely order them again.  I know it was a Sunday.  I know it was Easter Sunday, but the amount of kids screaming and running around was appalling.   Take them to the park.  Take them home.  One inconsiderate mommy was wandering around carrying her beer, half-heartedly trying to corral Screamy and Sticky and if I heard her say one of the kid's names once, I heard her say it 400 times.  (Names changed to protect the inconsiderate).  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Ad nauseam.  He's obviously not listening, but hey, get your buzz on.  Who cares.  Several children were crying loudly and the ones that were running around were frequently in the way of the entrance and patrons coming and going.  Ridiculous.  When I'm managing my own restaurant I will politely pack their food up to go and give them clearly printed directions to the two or three nearest parks.   Letting your kids run around like wild animals is rude and inconsiderate and it's dangerous.  These are the same asshats who will sue you when their sweaty, foaming at the mouth kid falls and hurts themselves.  Send them to the park.
Cornish Pasty is great for lunch with friends.  They have a couple of locations locally here in the Phoenix area and are quickly expanding elsewhere too. (I've heard they are opening a location in Las Vegas).  For those who don't know what Pastys are, they are pastries filled with meats and other ingredients and baked.  Sort of like a calzone, but not pizza related.  I usually end up getting the Italian pasty - it's filled with pepperoni, salami, capocollo, ham, fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, and roasted tomatoes and served with a side of marinara.  They have plenty of other options too like The Porky, Shepperd's Pie, Cajun Chicken, Lovely Bit of Salmon, and The Pilgrim to name a few.  Making changes or substitutions to the pastys won't really pay off for you because the pastys are pre-made that day and, if you need anything removed or added to yours, they will need to make a brand new one and it takes a lot longer to get it baked and out to you.  They will gladly make the substitutions, just be ready to wait for it.  Traditionally, the Cornish Pasty locations have had super small dining rooms, but this location just expanded into the space next door and it's really opened up a lot of additional seating.  We have stopped going to Cornish Pasty with our son because of the amount of time it takes to get the food delivered to the table.  This is not the fault of the restaurant, (the service is usually really good) the pastys just have to bake for awhile and our 18 month old son gets antsy and is done with sitting in the highchair before the food arrives.  It hasn't stopped us from going to Cornish Pasty, we just don't go with him anymore.
This place is AMAZING! This was our first time here today after having countless people tell us we NEEDED to try it.  We sat at the bar this afternoon and were really the only ones there but our bartender totally rocked, he gave us tons of recommendations for drinks, pasties and desert. You could see he was clearly busy making drinks for the whole bar but he paid tons of attention to us and made sure everything was taken care of. I wish I remembered his name but none the less, awesome. I ordered the Chicken Alfredo Pasty...nothing what I expected but it was definitely more than what I expected, it was so delicious! We also got an order of the garlic chips....wow is all I can say about those. We obviously had to try the deserts our bartender recommended the bread and butter pudding....holy crap....die and go to heaven good.   We will clearly be back again, and hopefully have the same bartender we had this afternoon. The atmosphere is great, the food is amazing, and the service was awesome! I will be telling friends about this place for a while.   Chive On!
I have literally been wanted to go to Cornish Pasty Co for 4 years - but we rarely travel to the SE side of AZ since we are in the very NW valley. Since we are moving to Gilbert we've been traveling down there to look at houses and finally we were able to eat at this establish meant  OMG was it super super good! My husband and I shared to Pasties: Meat and Cheese and the Chicken Pesto.   There are no words for these delicious treats except yum yum yum! Not to mention we had a great server and many delightful dipping sauces (btw their thousand island was better than any i've ever had!)  We also had the Shirley Temple dessert - very tasty and a nice end to the meal  I'm sure we will be frequent visitors to this great place :)
So we got here around 7:15pm, we ordered around, it took them around 50 min for them to get our food out. But the food was really good. They were kind of slamed, but we also were sitting outside. So I'm thinking if you sit outside your service will be a little slower. So I would suggest you never sit outside.
All my life I thought the Irish were responsible for rainbows. Fantasies of red-bearded drunks with pots of gold dancing in shamrock fields had always accompanied the notorious rainbow in my childlike imagination, but I was wrong. The Cornish own the rainbow. Let me explain:  I became stranded in the Arizona desert one day when my Pinto got not one, but four flat tires. (Hit a hot speed bump and the tires melted right off.) I realized that I didn't have any food or water. At that moment, I knew I'd be fighting for my life.   My heart began to race. I was on the verge of having a panic attack. I had to settle myself down. I took a few deep breaths and knew what I needed--smooth jazz. I turned the radio to 95.5 KYOT. But I couldn't believe my ears. Coolio's "Gangsta's Paradise" was blaring through my speakers. Projectile vomit shot out my mouth. Had my entire childhood been sold down the dry riverbed? I thought God was playing a sick trick on me. I shuffled through radio stations faster than old people shuffle board. But it was true. Thee "Coyote" sold out.  All hope had been lost. My spirit was shattered, and the little moisture I had left was now a soggy puddle in the passenger's seat. I was in a dire situation. In desperation, I checked between the seat cushions hoping to find some crumbs to eat but instead found a few petrified McDonald french fries. I looked at them and thought to myself: "I'd rather eat pigeon crap." I flicked the measly fries out of my Pinto then used my finger to write a goodbye message on the dirty windshield and began my trek amid the arid desert.   As far as I could see, nothing but cacti and cheap Mexican food restaurants. The little vegetation was riddled with thorns and bore no fruit. The thought of a carne asada burrito tempted me like a mirage, but I knew the explosive diarrhea I'd get would dry me out quicker than a sponge in the sun. I had to stay strong and keep going.   After four long minutes of walking, I gave up. The sun leached my energy and exhausted all remaining calories. The horizon held no signs of hope. Just signs for Filiberto's, Amado's, Los Favorito's, Armando's, Pedrito's, and Taco Bell. My pasty skin was turning pink and my balls looked like raisins, so I sat in the shade of a palo verde tree and prayed. I begged God not to let me die. I repented my sins. I promised that if he let me live I'd never do anything bad ever again.   Then, out of the blue, I felt drops of wetness on my bald scalp. I turned my head up to the sky and saw that a pigeon was dropping deuces from the branch above. I knew Jesus turned water into wine, but I had no idea He could read minds. (I guess He wasn't too fond of me flicking french fries onto the desert ground.) God trickled the sign I was begging for right on my forehead, and now He was now putting me to the test. If I wanted to be saved, I'd have to eat this pigeon poo. So, I bowed my head, placed my palms together, and said grace.   There was a trembling rumble that echoed across the desert and it wasn't the sound of me regurgitating. As I stood up from the gravel to peer into abyss of newly formed clouds, a surge of water swept my legs out from under me. Before I knew it, I was being carried away in a flash flood.   My next memory was waking to the sound of chirping birds. I flinched and covered my face fearing that I may be lying under another pigeon-riddled palo verde. I opened my eyes and was blinded by colors. I didn't know what was going on. Vibrant reds, blues, yellows, and greens! I had no idea where I was. I suddenly got scared and pooped a Skittle. Then it hit me. You know when people say that it's impossible to reach the end of the rainbow? It's a lie. I was there. It's at the entrance of a mystical place called Cornish Pasty.   I entered the land of the Cornish and it was like no place I'd ever been. I anticipated for there to be leprechauns. I encountered a species far more enchanting, with skins of the finest tapestries and earlobes so large and peculiar that they could double as tire swings. Apparently, I wasn't the first person to reach the End of the Rainbow, because this Cornish Pasty place was rather busy. I tracked down one of these Cornish creatures and told her my story, explaining how famished I was. She was unusually polite and let me sit in her earlobe until a seat opened up at a table. I swung around the restaurant as she went from table to table, filling mugs up with magically frothy beer. Then, I whispered in her ear: "Are there pots of gold here?" A spot at a table had opened up and she sat me down. She told me that she'd be right back.   I sketched pictures of these Cornish creatures as I waited. The girl returned and placed a dish in front of me. She gave me a wink, then walked away. I grabbed the warm pocket of food that rested on the metal plate before me, stuffed it in my mouth, and died.  It was gold, my friends.
Solid food and beer.  Basically everything is stuffed and baked inside a pastry.  Like super beef wellingtons!  We had the Indian one, the southwest one, the steak one, and a veggie one.  The veggie was a little heavy on the cheese, but the others were just right.  Sauces were acceptable but not spectacular.  Overall, solid.
Great food, great beer. Food is made fresh! I had the lamb vindaloo pasty. Also ordered garlic jalapeno chips. My daughter had mashed potatoes, she loved those too! Wonderful, cozy feel in the place too. Love the candles in the liquor bottles.
My mini late night w/ my hubby. Was the best experience that we had there. Our server Jesse was the the best server that we had for the many times we came. Food is delish.  Tonight we had something different, the salmon salad. Normally I'm not a fan of salad, but I think next time i gotta have it again. I always come for the mushroom, walnut and spinach soup every time. It's a gotta have for me and so is the  car bombs, but tonight I'm addicted to the body bomb. It's lighter in taste. It's perfect!  It's not as rich as the orig. car bomb. Thanks Jesse for the recommendation.
I've never had a British style pasty but this place offers a unique twist on it aside from the traditional ones. Make sure you come hungry and have an empty stomach, these pasties will satisfy your hunger.  I ordered the Spicy Asiago Chicken which was an Awesome flaky, buttery pastry type crust stuffed with chicken, asiago cheese, black beans, hatch chiles, roasted corn, and tomatoes. The crust was thin, flaky, and buttery that seemed to defy how it could itself together with all those fillings. I appreciate that it wasn't doughy like other types of stuffed pastries, strombollis, calzones, etc. and it seemed to strike the balance between the crust and the fillings.  Although it may be typical for a pasty be aware of any of the ones that have potatoes as part of the filling. I tried their version of the chicken pot pie and my taste buds only remembered the heaviness of starch and more starch with the crust and roasted potatoes and the chicken seemed to be lost in all that.   I was kind of bummed they ran out of oven fries. I was looking forward to that.  Overall, a very unique and delicious experience.
This is the kind of place that every time I have people from out of town, I'll take them there and I know they will love it. The ambiance is really nice, it reminds me of Austin's unique restaurants. Food is excellent, service is consistent and their Mushroom, walnut and spinach soup is to die for. Highly recommended!
Food is always wonderful. When I call in pick up it is always ready on time. Been there quite a few times never disappointed.
this place is ok, amazing but if you feel like having a pasty then this is the place.
Like the food. Service SUCKED!! 2nd time in the place. Took my wife here after church on Sunday. Walked in. No greeter, no sign to sit yourself, no nothing. Um..ok. So...what do we do? You need to have someone at the front door at all times...Or at least a sign that says seat yourself.  Sat at the table for 10 minutes. No acknowledgement. No menus. Just a Jamison candle bottle that we played with. Had to ask some random person sweeping if she had menus. Really? Another 10 minutes, what would you like for a drink? Are you our waitress? I don't know if your another sweeper or somebody else playing a joke on us. Acknowledge your table!! How difficult is that? Training of the employees has got to be number one and sadly its the food number one. Bummer.  Maybe it was just a Sunday afternoon kind of thing, but our waitress could care less. First time in here? Thanks for coming back! No questions, no nothing. At least ask my wife...  I really like the food but it does nothing for me when you can't get simple service right. We will not be back. We've had friends that have been there in the last two-3 months and say the same thing. Food is great. Service is horrible. It's not just me saying this.   Fix some things and care a little bit more about your diners...I hope you make it to the 5 year mark. I'm willing to try again but it's got to be better on the 3rd time otherwise your a waste of time.  Two starts cause the food is actually good. -2 cause of the 19 year old waitresses with their junk hanging out of their bras.
So I have to review this place because I adore the food. Sooooo good. They have an awesome beer selection and a completely unique vibe. I love so many of  their pasties, I feel guilty repeating one. Weird, I know.   I love the $3 Sunday mimosas. I love the pews. I love the greasy Jameson bottles covered in wax. I love the old doors as tables. I love that the wait staff doesn't wear a lame uniform. I love that you can sit at the bar and watch them prepare food. I love their outside patio.   So much to love.  ...all that said, this place has some of the worst service I have ever experienced. The wait staff is neither trained nor professional. They range from indifferent to down right rude. I'd like to say the poor service was a one time thing. Nope. Crappy service here is more dependable than the mail.  I give this place millions of chances because the food is so yummy but I'm nearing the end of my tenure as a customer of the Mesa location of Pasty.  Maybe Tempe will be better to me. I hope so. I think I may have to say goodbye to Mesa.
I use to live walking distance to this place and I went once a week! I have tried almost all of the pasties and they are super delicious. My all time favorite is the Portobello Chicken one! I miss this place the service is great and the food is amazing!!!
i had peppered steak , it was amazing ,I love the fry chocolate dessert as well . definitely will go back !
Good: The atmosphere is pretty cool. It's laid back and the music selection on rotation is pretty decent.  Bad: The music is way too loud, and you can't hold a conversation without shouting. The staff are kind of disinterested and borderline rude. Prices are a bit high for essentially getting a gourmet Hot Pocket; and wasn't worth coming back for in my opinion.  Other Thoughts: I can't help but hate hearing, "Cornish Pasty Co." or "Pasty" when my co-workers refer to this place. To me it comes off very "hipstery" and campy.
Greek Salad with pesto dressing is awesome! Walnut soup was delicious too. The Italian pasty is my favorite. Good red sauce!
love the atmosphere cant wait to go back after the remodeling is done
In a land of endless Chipotle and Red Lobster locations the Cornish Pasty Co is a true GEM! I stopped here while traveling for work from the Pacific NW and then it was well worth the hype (and the wait!)  I ordered the Greek Veggie Pasty and Curried potatoes my meal was sheer perfection!
OMG!!!  The Cajun Chicken and Apple Pasty are to die for!!!!!
This isn't an entirely fair review because I only had dessert. The apple caramel pasty was quite tasty.  My companions greatly enjoyed their meals as well.   Husband was disappointed at the lack of "authentic" pasties (read: organs) but I was grateful to have avoided the awkward situation of asking him to take his meal across the street and eat it on the sidewalk.   Cute place, good service.  My only issue was that it was rather loud and difficult to hear each other..
Tremendous!  My girl is a vegetarian, and it is always a super thrill to find a location that does veggie dishes well and uniquely.  Tried 2 of the special veggie pasties with the quorn meat substitute. HOLY COW! So good! So excited to find a place as cute as this is and as funky cool.  They have a patio right outside and very eclectic decor.  I can't wait to try some of the other items on the menu.   The location used to house a little family owned italian restaurant, so this was a welcomed change to a location that needed some updating.   And they are open until 12am for all you late night people that want different food.  Excellent work to the proprietors!
Just had dinner at our new favorite dinning spot in Mesa... The Cornish Pasty Company.  Not only is the food DELICIOUS,  you also get great service and a friendly place to visit.  I guarantee you will be back as often as possible.  I would highly recommend a visit to enjoy an evening out with friends or family.  And don't forget to ask for Aaron, if he has time ask him to preform some magic.  I can also suggest that for desert, get the chocolate bread pudding with ice creme.  Had a fun time this evening... can't wait to be back.
Went back again. This time the meat pasty! WOW! So good. Inhaled it in like 5 minutes.  Our new favorite spot! Can't say enough good things.
I didn't know what to expect and was totally blown away! Great beer selection, and the food was fantastic. It was like a movie that you don't expect to be that great but becomes your favorite. I am looking for opportunities to get back to the East side of town so we can eat here again. (Come hungry, the portions are also large).
I recently moved back to Arizona from the bay area and have become somewhat of a food snob.  Berkeley, Oakland, San Francisco, Piedmont... they all had so many amazing restaurants to offer.  Cornish Pasties could be uprooted and planted smack dab in any one of the aforementioned cities (or any other in Northern California for that matter) and they would blow the competition away.  Since moving home, I've eaten and/or had drinks here about a half a dozen times.  That's about once a week.  They have salads, pasties, and desserts that are to die for!  I love the vegetarian cottage pie with whatever that amazeballs sauce on the side is as well as the banana/whip cream dessert (the name is slipping my mind at the moment).  The first time I visited Pasties, my friend and I split the pasta salad.  It was big enough to share and so delicious!    Do not visit Cornish Pasties if you are in a rush.  Remember the phrase, "good things come to those that wait?"  You will need to keep it in mind here.  They are baking thick ass pastries for cheese and rice's sake.  Calm down and wait for one of the best culinary moments of your life.  DO come here if you'd like to receive attentive and fun service!  Every time we've come in, we've received some of the most laid back yet knowledgeable service the valley has to offer.  Bottom Line... a must try!  Thanks for being so awesome!
So I went for my first time and WOW!!!  I was nervous that it was going to be crowded and the service would be slow...not at all!!  Our waitress was very attentive and the food was out quickly!  I had the pasta salad as an appetizer and it was to die for!  For my pasty I had the carne adovada...amazing!!!  I cant wait to go back!!
One of my favorite local places to eat!  I try to take a new person there every time I go so I can spread the Cornish Pasty love.  I haven't tried a pasty that I don't like with the exception of the tikka masala.  I love tikka masala otherwise, but in a pasty it just didn't taste right.  I also don't like that since all pasty's are premade you can't substitute or take out any ingredients you might not like.   That being said, this place is amazing and you have to check it out.
Now with vegan pasties- yum!
I visited this restaurant with a group of friends.  We were promptly greeted and the service was good.  I liked the food "OK" but these pastys are not made fresh while you wait - so no substitutions of ingredients are allowed.  Also, you don't get one or two sides included with your pasty, so you will end up spending a good deal of money if you want to sample some of the excellent side dishes.  The mushroom and walnut soup was excellent, as was the fresh bread.
We finally made it back here to give them another try.  Service was...eh...but they were seriously packed, so it's understandable. We took our two rueben pasties to go and damn did they hit the spot! They were fantastic! We'll definitely keep going back! Also, I'm not sure how long ago this happened but they expanded. The restaurant is twice the size now. Which is great because now we can try eating there instead of bringing it home.
The Cornish Pasty Company rocks!  Every pasty that I have ordered has been perfection.  They are reasonably priced, and deceptively simple looking.  I call them my hot pockets of love.  I only wish that I hadn't moved more than two miles from their location(s).
I went to the Cornish Pasty Company for the first time today on recommendation from a friend who loves the restaurant.    I ordered the "Mexican" which was absolutely delicious.  The spices, steak, potatoes, cheese were all perfectly balanced.  The pasty came with a side of salsa and sour cream, but the pasty was just perfect as is.  No salsa or sour cream needed.    My husband ordered the pesto chicken.  It was pretty good.  I sampled his item and he ate part of mine.  His was pretty good, but we both agreed that the Mexican was the best.  Like with the Mexican, the pasty came with marinara sauce.  I tried it, but it overwhelmed the wonderful flavor of the chicken and pesto.  Plus, the marinara sauce and the salsa both tasted like they came out of a jar, so to put them on a pasty seemed not right at all.    We also ordered the garlic oven chips (fries)--first mistake!  I LOVE garlic and add it in just about everything I eat.  The fries were just too overwhelming with salt and garlic.  We could not eat them.  We took them home to our teenagers, who eat anything, and they agreed that they were too salty and had too much garlic.  I am quite certain, based on my friend's review, that my fries/chips were accidentally dosed with extra garlic.  She claims they were the best, but mine were not edible.    After trying the fries, I did not like the mashed potatoes either which tasted like they had too much garlic.  They probably didn't, but it was hard to get the garlic flavor out of my mouth.  I sampled the potatoes within 5 minutes of them arriving, and they were just warm.  The cheese on top had already hardened.  I think that definitely took away from the potatoes.  Like with the fries, we brought the potatoes home, and the teens ate them no problem and claimed that they did not have too much garlic.    As for us adults, we will definitely order a pasty or two again.  I will probably try the garlic chips again just because my friend can't be wrong.... and maybe those potatoes too.  Hopefully they will come out with melted, gooey cheese next time.
This place is amazing. Love the atmosphere. Drink selection is good. The decor is ol church pews with doors for tables. Great date place.  The food truly stands out. Im a purist so i love the simple Bangers N Mash.   Eat here you will not regret it.
My dinner was absolutely fantastic! I had the shepherds pie pasty which was extremely delicious. It was nice and hot coming out and smelled amazing. The environment is a little dark...but it is a bar so I guess that is what you'll get ha. Will definitely be back!
Consistently friendly and attentive service is only outdone by the tasty and original menu. Cornish's pasties always hit the spot and the menu is vegetarian-friendly. They have a great selection of pasties, sides, and beers. My family always leaves happy with a full stomach and intact wallet. They've got a great thing going here!
My good friend brought me here during a visit earlier this year.  Interesting concept and pretty good!  I had never had a pasty before and it kind of reminded me of a cross between a pot pie and a calzone.  But it was definitely better than the pot pies I remembered from Maries Calendar's!  It was delicious!  It gets crazy busy in the evening, so I suggest getting there early.
A fancy hot pocket made with fresh ingredients in a wide selection of choices. They don't do custom orders, your pasty comes as is. I've tried a bulk of them, but the cajun chicken continues to be my fav, it's just spicy enough. Sunday is all day happy hour and the beer selection is pretty nice too. I only wish they had a hostess, almost every time I go there, I've been sat at a table that had more people coming so my group wouldn't fit.
Yelp helped us again!! This restaurant was great. great beer great staff.Great Quiet outdoor seating hard to locate its technically on the cross street  A pasty  is basically individual pies filled with meats and vegetables that are cooked together. I cant waint for the Las Vegaslocation to open!!! Definately great value staff everything I highly recommend!!Great wholesome meal!!
Love love love!  Haven't had a pasty I didn't like from this place!  Pros: -Great/friendly staff -Lots of good options to explore on the menu (including vegetarian options) -Nice variety of beers and decent  happy hour specials -Fun/down-to-earth feel  Cons: -You essentially seat yourself, which can get tricky if you're going with a large group. The staff is usually accommodating, though, and will try to find space to fit your entire party. -I don't believe you can really "customize" your pasty (i.e. switching the type of meats)  My favorite is the Royale with Cheese. Get it with the both homemade BBQ sauce AND the thousand island sauce. It's basically a cheeseburger in pasty form and it's oh so good. Another favorite is the Pilgrim--sweet potatoes, chicken/turkey, and you HAVE to get it with the side of cranberry sauce. Delicious.
With the plethora of various Asian, Mexican, and other Central American cultural food places that scatter the valley, Cornish Pasty Co. was a much needed deviation from the typical outing. Until eating here I had never actually tried "authentic" British food, but I'm sure glad I did!  Both the atmosphere and the taste made eating here amazing.   Perhaps it's because I am a part of the younger generation, but I am frequently drawn to restaurants that have a simple, modern aesthetic. The softly lit and rustic feel of Cornish Pasty co. fulfilled this desire to the brim. Not only did the atmosphere make it enjoyable (a wonderfully mellow alternative rock playlist wavered overhead), but the kindness and charisma of the servers helped as well. They weren't afraid to chat you up as you ordered, but knew to not overstep their boundaries.   Finally, there is the food (mmmm yes. The FOOD.) As I mentioned, I had not indulged in what might be called culturally British food before. Because of this I played it safe and ordered the chipotle chicken pasty, whose name rang familiar with my southern grown tastebuds. What followed was a tasty adventure. The portions are well suited for the type of food, and I finished just as I started feeling full. The pasty itself was delicious, a great combination of meat that reminded me of the lovechild of a calzone and a spanakopita. But what sealed the deal was the sauce. Each pasty comes with a flavor specific sauce to accompany it and it was not something I felt I could do without.   So here's a recap: Tasty, good atmosphere, friendly servers, delicious sauce. 5 Stars.
Awesome Awesome Awesome. order a Pasty, any Pasty. if you want it customized, call them ahead of time! get it to go! grab a drink, get an irish car bomb for 3 bucks all day everyday. have a unique experiance with a unique dessert and atmosphere. much love. totally Hipster.
What a cool place to hang out and enjoy some great beer and great food!
1. Oven chips with garlic and jalepenos. 2. Any of the soups 3. Any of the Pasties 4. BANOFEE PIE!!  BOOM. done.  PS. My favorite soup is the Mushroom, Walnut, Spinach; my favorite pasty is the Royale with Cheese with thousand island dressing. Yes it's pretty much a bacon cheeseburger with fries but the pasty crust just makes it oh so much better. I also give the $3 car bombs a thumbs up.
My aunt was excited to take us here for her birthday. Yup, take us out for HER birthday. She said she want us to try this place because it has authentic British food and if we don't like it, we can go somewhere else... ??? She said theres two location and she always go to the one in Tempe but she yelped and saw that the Mesa location isn't as packed as the one in Tempe.   Upon arrival, I realized I've eaten here once before. Nothing too crazy but not bad either [: I just remembered that their fries are called 'chips' instead.   We were lucky and got seated right away for a party of 8. Of course we ordered the chips, some with garlic and some without and each of us got a different pasty to try. There was just so much options I couldnt pick from, so I asked the waitress which ones were her favorite and I settled for the Salmon one. Eh..  Chips with and without garlic were a bit on the salty side.  Salmon pasty- a bit too fishy  Italian pasty - my favorite! If I would have ordered this, maybe I would like this place more.  Cajun chicken - my second favorite, even got one to go for my mom ;]  Chicken alfredo - I felt like the chicken were a bit on the dry side.  Hamburger pasty - Makes great leftover! Microwaved and eaten with A1 steak sauce !  I don't remember the names of the other ones but my sister got a mexicanish flavor and I didnt even bother to try because I dont really like that flavour.   BUT the thing that made our night was the dessert!!! If you come here, make sure you leave room for some dessert pasty!  Of course we were all full but my aunt gave glowing reviews about the dessert and we decided to try out some. Unfortunately because of the monsoon season in Arizona right now which makes it more humid (is that possible???), there were no strawberry meringes, so we stuck with the apple pasty and the PBJ with banana pasty.  Oh my, the apple was my favorite of the two because of the caramel sauce they filled it with. Heaven in your mouth. The PBJ was not bad either. I just wish they put more banana in it because the bites with the banana were the best. They have actual pieces of peanuts in there also which gave it a nice crunch.   All in all, I dont mind eating here again.
I had their Reuben, and it was juicy, tender, and unique. I will definitely come back for more and possibly try their dessert next time.
I loved this place!  Shared the Balsamic Portobello and Vegetarian "Chicken" Tikka pastries with my vegetarian English friend - SO delicious!  She said it wasn't too authentic (since pastys are usually just 1 flavor of meat or something haha) but the concept and selection was even better than what she had had in England!  It's basically a giant hand-held [chicken[ pot pie/calzone with yummier crust.  It took a really long time to get the food out - but waiter was really friendly and their English cider was yum and strong!    They have Wi-Fi but I never could get the correct password...  Also there's only one toilet per restroom which seems weird to me since there's a huge bar inside the restaurant...where do all the drunk bladders go!?  Would definitely go again if I'm ever randomly in Mesa :)
I still love this place.  Got addicted by going to the one by ASU.  The expanded dining area at this one is really nice.  As always $3 car bombs, ginormous beers with a good selection, and pasties is a winning combination.  Recently had the Reuben.  It was super good.  And then there is my old Lamb Vindaloo and Bangers & Mashed favorites.  I actually like too many to usually even stray from the few that I've had an loved.
Great atmosphere good beer and great food. Loved the building a lot of fun.
The first time I came here I was wowed!  But this time not so much.....The service was terrible I mean terrible and it wasn't even busy.  What was even more maddening is that I saw the servers in the bar area chatting and messing around while all of us were waiting.  The entire time we were there we saw our waitress twice once to order and once when we asked for our check from someone else.  I couldn't even get a glass of water.   While the food is good and the beer is great all surrounded by a great atmosphere the manager needs to make sure his or her staff is working for the customer instead of flirting with the other staff.
Cornish Pasty is definitely one (or two) of a kind. This place has a vibe that nowhere else does in the area. Almost reminiscent of a downtown hangout, this Pastys is pretty hipster, but in a good way. TONS of great beers are always on tap and their pasties are amazing. If you've never had one, its almost like a pizza pocket filled with a deliciousness of your choice. A great place for a night out with the girls, guys, or both.  Overall, head to CP for some good beer and a yummy pasty.
I've never had a bad trip here. They have a great selection of beer, and everything on the menu is amazing. If you're not familiar with Cornish pasties, they're basically homemade hot pockets. The gobbler is my favorite, but treat these things like Pokemon and try them all! :)
Lucky Mesa. You have a Cornish Pasty Company!   Today, we visisted the Mesa location, and it's quite different than the Tempe locale. Quite nice, in fact. There are two large patio's and this location (Mesa) is huge!   My hubby, the Brit, ordered "Scotch Eggs" which is a hard-boiled egg, wrapped in sausage, and quickly deep-fried. It's served with a mustard sauce, and a little salad on the side. My hubby was in Heaven.   We both ordered a cup of soup and a pasty. I had the tomato and it was delish. My hubby's gave me dish-envy: Leek, potato and Stilton cheese...OMG! Try it!   I had my normal "Porky" Pasty, and my hubby had the "Lamb and Mint" pasty. Both were served with that yummy gravy on the side, and both were fabulous!!   I can't say enough about these restaurants. They are both consistently wonderful food, play awesome music, and are an overall PERFECT experience!
Absolutely LOVE this place. Everything is fresh, everything is really awesome. I go here on a regular. Chicken alfredo pasty with a side of alfredo sauce is amazing. Bannoffee pie is out of this world. Garlic oven chips are a perfect snack, and the tomato soup is to die for! The expansion of the chandler store is great! Always happy, even thiugh the service can get a little rediculous when its busy!
It's weird, I always have the most difficult time choosing a pasty because they always sound so amazing.  Well this time,  it was different, it was like I opened the menu with my eyes closed and dropped my finger to the item at random...The Royale with Cheese!  From top to bottom I loved it all.  The medium cooked hamburger, grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon, a cheddar swiss blend and French fries all wrapped up in a golden pastry with 1000 island for dipping.  I even requested a second side of 1000 island because it was a match made in heaven.  I don't throw that phrase around that easily so when I say it.....believe me, I mean it.    The atmosphere always puts me in a mood...you know that mood you get into when you don't care about anything...especially time.  And that's a good thing because you are in for typically a 20 minute wait while your pasty.  That's why I always order  their large Hoegaarden...it definitely adds to that mood.    I can't decide which locations I like...but so far...if I am in an outdoors mood I go to the Tempe location and if I am in the mood for indoors I go to Mesa.  Both have great music playing in the background...sometimes Zeppelin, or Iron Maiden, or Judas Priest...that sort of music.  Their seating consists of either large picnic type tables, great for large groups or belly up to the bar to eat and drink and be entertained.  If you like to people watch..I recommend eating at the bar where you can watch the magic.   Overall the experience is nothing short of fantastic every single time so please...never change.  But who am I to tell you what to do and what not to do.  I look forward to my next trip and the new Spicy Barbecue Chicken Pasty.  It sounds amazing.
This place is simply awesome, I haven't tried a pasty I haven't liked yet.  Service is always friendly, and it's always happening at this awesome local restaurant.  Try the Royale with Cheese, simply awesome!!!
I hate to use the term "hipster" but that is all I can think about when referring to Cornish Pasty.  The ambiance is one of a kind.  My all time favorite.  I feel like a completely different person when I'm sitting in side.  It has somewhat of a publike feel, with long wooden benches as seating inside - great way to meet strangers, a long bar area, and a huge patio section.  I'd have to say, if you're trying this place out for the first time, go for dinner! The ambiance is quite different and has a dark mysterious factor that I really enjoy.  There aren't really any lights other than the kitchen.  To add to the mysterious effect, each table is lit with a long white candle placed on an old empty wine shaped bottle.  The restaurant comes with a full bar, as well a huge specialty beer menu.  They even have decently priced Irish car bombs.  The service is amazing, as all the staff is very friendly and down to earth.  But don't expect fast service- the food there is made to order, which is a great time to explore and cultivate yourself with a new flavor of beer.   If you're a Pasty virgin, it's like a really fancy hot pocket.  Someone first described to to me like a calzone, which I think lessened my first experience, because I had completely different expectations.  However, it didn't fully ruin my experience because I still loved it.   Cornish Pasty has a HUGE menu selection for pasties.! With over 40 different styles, there isn't something that won't strike your fancy.  They have their Signature, Premium, and Vegetarian Pasties.  You're bound to struggle trying to decide what best suits you at that moment.  It's been a while since my first couple of visits to Cornish Pasty so I don't remember what I tried.  But the last time around I ordered the Peppered Steak; Sirloin steak, sauteed portabella mushrooms, leeks, roasted zucchini, and Stilton cheese- with a side of peppercorn brandy cream sauce. I have to say, their sauces are to die for.  Nothing I can compare it to.  I've read a lot about their desserts, but I have yet to try it. Every time I venture out to this spot, I'm full by the time I'm done with half my pasty. But I'm determined to try their Apple Caramel Pasty next time.  I hear it's all the rage.
Try the broccoli and cauliflower bake. .. to die for!
Tried this place for the 1st time with my gf the other day. The bangers & mash one I had was amazing, and her shepherds pie was really good too. The mint in it was a bit much for me, but she liked it. Can't wait to go back and try the others.
Great food  Good for family
I wish there was a way to leave two different sets of stars. My 2/5 will hopefully get their attention. I was glad to see that the restaurant is doing well and remodeled their two locations with more locations coming soon.   The food at Cornish Pasty is impeccable. I always bring friends and family visiting here to try the unique cuisine. I like to explain it as 'gourmet hot pockets'. I haven't ordered a thing I didn't like. I know it can be hard for picky eaters since there are no substitutions but thankfully I don't have that problem. Their soups are amazing, all made in house. The peppered steak and chicken and rice soup are my two favorite dishes. The Mesa location recently added some new appetizers and I can't wait to try them all. Very disappointed to find that Tempe didn't add them to the menu yet.   The atmosphere, music, and excellent drink selection is another aspect I love about this place. It's good for dates as well. $5 mid shelf and always $3 Irish Car bombs with lots of microbrews on draft? YES PLEASE.   The one thing I hate about Cornish Pasty, and the reason why I give it 2/5 is the SERVICE SUCKS. It must be a requirement to be a hipster with 5+ visible tattoos/piercings with a poor work effort. You even get a raise for having poor personal hygiene! I've been eating at Cornish Pasty for 5 years and have never received good service. Last time I ate at the mesa location the service had improved a lot, unfortunately I went to Tempe a week later and had awful service. I could go into detail about the awful service, forgetting ordered items, being ignored and the general distasteful appearance of the staff. I don't mind tattoos and piercings, I have some! I was even a waitress for 7 years, but you should really brush your hair, shower, or wear socks to work.  If you like great food, drinks and atmosphere and can stand the idiots they hire to serve you. Then definitely eat here. I will continue to be a regular, I just wish their management would shape up those servers. I would recommend the Mesa location over the Tempe one. The Mesa one added new menu items, I ate there about 3 weeks ago and received great service. The Tempe one continues to disappoint. Although the food is always top notch.
I have lived by this place for years and never knew it was there we went there after a family gathering not only did they acomidate myself and 11 others in my party their service was top notch and their food and drinks were amazing
Amazing food at a quality price.. They are always friendly and good service.. Also a great date place for at night. Not loud at all and just an overall cool place.
Absolutely delicious food completely outdone by the most disturbingly disgusting interior ever!  I've always eaten outside before, and had I never done inside, this would have been a five-star review.  However, the last time I went,  it was so hot out that we decided to eat inside.  I sat at the bar area where you could see the kitchen.  The floor appears to have NEVER been cleaned, there was garbage everywhere, and I watched employees scraping food leftovers, crumbs, etc. onto the floor and leaving it there.  I also observed an employee with bare hands reach into a bucket that was setting on a cart and toss a handful of some kind of meat from the bucket onto a salad.  The bucket was not refrigerated and had sat there for who knows how long.  I was so appalled that not only did we not order any food, we actually left our alcohol behind.  The glass ware was dirty, the silverware was filthy, and the place was just an outright mess.  I have to give 2 stars at least because I know the food tastes really good, but I'd never be able to eat here again after seeing these conditions.  The owner should be seriously ashamed.
I've been here numerous times and it's been great everytime. I don't think I have had the same thing twice (with exception to the Banofee (sp?) Pie) Cornish Pasty is not a place a would come to if I was rushed for time at all as the food takes a while to prepare. Even though we may have to wait a bit longer for food than at other restaurants, every server I've had here has been attentive and friendly and eager to answer questions or make recommendations. I've sat at the bar and I've sat at the tables. The restaurant is always clean, I never stick to the floor or table, the food is good and freshly made, the servers have always been accomodating and the music is fun (and a rather ecclectic mix at that). It's a place I will come to again and again and always look forward to introducing friends and family to it. My parents love it and have been back twice since I brought them here a month ago.
Excellent food, great people and service. Gotta try this place!  very neat!
I kept seeing this place on Yelp and had to try it, I will say I loved the pasty I had (Turkey & cranberry).  Overall I was very happy with my meal with the exception that there were no sides offered with it.  Fries, chips, cole slaw, something!  Worth checking out for sure.
This is one of my favorite places to eat i went on my first date with my know soon to be husband, and have come back may times since then. The service is great they don't rush you the food comes out fast and taste amazing. Also if you have not tried there deserts all of them are very good I like the banana caramel pie thing myself. The one done side with the pasties we found out is they are pre made in the morning so you can't ask for something not to be in it. Which i don't mind since the have a big selection but might bug other people.
If you read my review for the other location in Tempe, you know how I feel about this place.   I have a love-love relationship with Cornish; there will never be any hate. Never once have I been disappointed in the food and I can honestly say I've tasted 3/4 of the pasties on the menu.   Do I have an addiction? I think it's safe (and probably best) to say "yes".   Their new appetizers that were just released this summer all sound quite delicious, however, I have only tried the Jalepeno Cheese Dip with Pastry Curls and I was impressed.   Usually have awesome service here. Of course, considering the fact that my boyfriend, my roommates, and I were here at least once every couple of weeks, we were bound to have one bad experience as far as service goes.   I will not hold that against you, my beloved Cornish Pasty Co. All of the wonderful experiences make up for that one not so great one.
Went to Cornish Pasty Co. last night.  The atmosphere is low lit and very charming.  We opted for a seat at the counter adjacent to the open kitchen because we like the action and the exchange.    The place is a little bit hippie/hipster,with friendly, very casual service.  Our server was effective and checked on us often without being too intrusive.   We started with the Scotch Eggs, which were authentic and delicious    We ordered a Greek salad and Chicken Greek pasty.  Both were good, but Pasty was much superior.    They must be doing something very right as we understand a third location may soon be opening in Scottsdale.
ok but the mushy peas are terrible
I can't believe I forgot to review this place after our visit. Wasn't sure what to expect when I took my husband and my mom here as none of us had ever had a pasty before. I think my fear was based more on the hipster/ college pub atmosphere than facing the unknown. Everything we tried was superb. I got the Oggie which was delicious and filling. We ordered the smushed peas which I thought were delectable. I tried whichever pasties my mom and husband ordered which I can't recall but they were all very good. I definitely intend to return.
OMG! OMG! OMG!!! I'm a Brit living in California, and my boyfriends son lives in Tempe (ASU graduate....SUN DEVILS!!!!) and we came out for a visit this weekend. I was bored at work a couple days ago, so Yelped "British bars in Tempe, AZ" and this place popped up. After reading the reviews, and telling my boyfriend I wanted to try this place out, the 4 of us (boyfriend, his son and son's girlfriend) went for dinner tonight.  The place was packed - always a good sign. We got seated straight away, though. Our server was attentive but not obtrusive, and got us started on our drinks while we perused the menu.  Please note above - I'm English, a genuine Brit! I was very impressed with the menu. I haven't seen a scotch egg in years! They serve scotch eggs!!! And mushy peas!!!  I opted for the chicken tikka masala pasty, as I love curry. Holy crap, batman, that thing was HUGE!! WE also ordered a side of their oven chips, which are like proper English chips (fries, for the uneducated) and a side of gravy.  They have a huge selection of pasties, and the prices are totally within reason. I will definitely be coming back to this place when we come out next month for ASU vs Washington State.  SUN DEVILS!! (P.S., the game was terrible, we got slammed)
I will always love the food here, but I had super shitty service. I don't know what it is about the nonchalant hipster mentality, but she took FOREVER with EVERYTHING. She also screwed up my drink order. Terribly. Pretty meh experience.
I love this place! I have been to the Tempe location just once and just realized that there's a location in Mesa! This location is much easier to find ( they have a pretty big sign out front) compared to the Tempe location which is more of a hidden gem. The food was amazing and prices are so reasonable. The owners have done a really good job with making sure they deliver consistent product between the two locations. I definitely recommend Cornish Pasty for a unique dining experience with great service and delicious food.
I have eaten at both locations and enjoyed them. The tempe location is crazy small and 1/2 the experience is watching everyone move in a small spot. The mesa location is much larger and we sat at the bar and watched a well orchestrated staff put out fresh wholesome ingredients.  Be sure to try the oven baked chips ( fries) but be sure you can handle the chopped garlic if chosen.....it is strong !!!! I've had the Royale with cheese pasty and it is a filling , well seasoned and savory experience!  My girlfriend had the italian which she enjoyed.  The only complaint i have and one i have seen here before is the music. Really makes no sense with the atmosphere. I love 80s & 90 's music but it just doesnt seem to work here.l
I ordered a balsamic portobello pasty with the chocolate bread pudding, and I loved the pasty. They give the option of leaving half of it uncooked so you could heat the other half later and enjoy a fresh pasty later on, although I opted to devour the entire pasty at once.   While the pasty was delicious, I found their bread pudding's brandy sauce to be far too overwhelming. The dessert ended up tasting more like an alcohol sponge with select unsaturated spots than it did like actual bread pudding.
I love this place! Great food, great atmosphere, great music, and great beer! I love the pilgrim pasty, so good. If you have not been you should definitely go!
This place is excellent. The pasties are do good - we have been several times and not had a single bad one. The banoffee pie for dessert is not to be missed. I think the prices are reasonable as well. I have only been to the Mesa location which at peak times is packed - which leads to it being insanely loud and the staff super busy.  Beware - there are no special orders on pasties - they are pre prepped.
Had an amazing lunch here today. Tried the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty with mint yogurt and loved it. For dessert had the Sticky Toffee Pudding which was unbelievably tasty : ) I liked the cozy atmosphere, the great beer selection and even the music : )  The staff are super friendly and helpful. Looking forward to the Scottsdale location which I hope opens soon!!!
This place is pretty close to the real deal. The best pasties I've ever had were in London - they were cheap, fast, there were plenty of choices, and mindblowingly tasty. This place, on the other hand, is not nearly so cheap, and not nearly so fast... but there are plenty of choices, and they are all mindblowingly tasty. Maybe not *quite* as tasty as the ones I had at a place in London, but close, and this requires a significantly shorter trip. I make it a point to stop here whenever I'm in the area.
totally satisfying!
The family and I wanted to try this eatery out. Mistake was, going on a Friday night at 5:30. Seating was good, as we're the Hostess and Server. Food for we two adults was wonderful. Both kids, 13 & 11, didn't care for their order, a Chicken Pot Pie, and The Pilgrim. We planned to box these up and made lunch the next day of them both. Ambiance of this place was noisy, the seating uncomfortable and dark, the music was blasting too loud to where my GF asked twice to lower the volume.  By the time we were about finished our meals, a group of "Bohemians" showed up, occupying the area next to the bar, directly behind out seats. Apparently, these unwashed college aged idiots, smelling of Cigar smoke, from the Cancer Emporium, ie, Cigar store, next door to this restaurant, and body odor, came in loudly talking, swearing, wearing their damn hats to the side, like so many SubUrban Gang Banga, wannabes, ordering shots of some quantity, generally ruining our evening out. Their unpleasant stench, literally gagged the 4 of us, and the unfortunate family that shared our Pew. Pew, what an appropriate term for that time! These morons, finally moved away, thankfully, as I was about to land a size 13 boot, upon someone's ass. I guess, if I was 20-30, and chasing hairy under armed and legged young women, this is the place to be! I'll go back there for the lunch time, never again for dinner.  Overall, the place is painfully in need of a make-over, in caliber of decor, and clientele. Too bad, as the food was exceptional.
Great place for both food and drinks. If you haven't tried the dessert yet, you're missing out!
AMAZING. One of our favorite places to go. They recently remodeled and made the place bigger. They have some of the best soups I have ever had, and their pasties are incredible. I have tried many of them, and have yet to be disappointed. Great atmosphere, and delicious food. We will continue to come here as long as we live in Phoenix.
Excellent food and very nice extended menu for veggies. I tried majority of pasties here and liked lot of them. Chicken tikka pasty is my favorite. Pesto and rosemary chickens are also my favorite. Cream of Tomato with croutons is by far one of the best soup I had. Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding formerly known as Temple pudding  is heavenly and must  try.
Who has been hiding this place from me. Right in my old old neighborhood. Down the street from my high school. Obviously this place wasn't here when I lived in this area way back in the day. Otherwise I would really have kicked myself. My girlfriend introduced me to this place and she is the best for bring me here. I love everything about this place. The atmosphere is great. A little dark but it works. The whole place is lit with real candles. They actually come around and replace them when they get low. Very cool. Great beer selection too. Some I have never even heard of but want to try. I didn't know what to get so the waitress got me a sample of a Scottish ale it was good so I got a pint. I want to come back and try the rest. We also got the oven baked chips with garlic and jalapeno. Chips = fries people come on get with it. They were awesome. Some of the best fries I have ever had. Although I will say the jalapenos didn't quite make sense. I like jalapenos don't get me wrong but they were just chopped up on top. When you picked up a fry they fell off. If you managed to get a few to stick they would come off when you dipped it in the sauce. You can bypass the sauce and just eat one but they didn't really add anything. If they were baked into to the chips that might be better. Still very good regardless. Now on to the Pasties. The reason you came here and the name of the place. I have never had a pasty before but from looking at the menu you can put pretty much anything you want inside of one. They have an Italian one, cheesesteak one, Greek one, a few Mexican flavored ones and so on and so on. You name it it was in a pasty. I finally decided on the spicy chicken asagio one with some advice from my girlfriend who has been here before. Sure it takes awhile for the food to come out but they are making it when you order it. By the time you sip on your drinks and munch on those fantastic chips your food comes out so it works out. So good. Flavor was perfect. Everything all crammed in there but all working together. The dipping sauces they give you with it work perfectly. They vary depending on which pasty you order. Don't be shy pick it up with your hand and munch away. No shame in it. That is really how you are supposed to eat them anyway. I can't wait to come back and try the other great pasties. I have to say I might be addicted. So good and such a great place.
Oh my Gaaawwwd. Kicking myself for not trying the Cornish Pasty Company sooner! This is a Mesa (or Tempe) "Must-Try"!   My Dude and I have been here twice now. Reasonably priced delicious food, a wide variety of brews and attentive service all make it a great experience here.   There's a hipster vibe going on, but that's not a bad thing. We like to joke that this place could pass for one of the pubs out of Harry Potter.  It's dark inside, with empty liquor and wine bottles being used as candles. Another great touch to the great ambiance.   The first time we went, we got a table up front.   Picky Eater Advisory: It should be noted that the Pasties are cooked to order, but you can't add or subtract ingredients.   Also, be prepared to wait a while. Good food takes time! Just grab a beer and enjoy your company.   Tried the Lamb Vindaloo and the traditional Oggie pasties. Both were absolutely delicious! Tender lamb, and the spices used weren't too overbearing, but I was sweating buckets. Which my Mexican thought was hilarious. Damn you, Dude.   Love that they can wrap the other half of your pasty in foil to take home instead of boxes.   We also tried the oven chips with jalapeo and garlic. Cooked to perfection, but not overcooked. Don't feel like the jalapeos contributed much and probably wouldn't add them again.  The last time we were here, it was crazy busy, so we sat at the Pasty Bar (not to be mistaken for the actual bar)! Change it up sometime, it was cool to watch the pasties being made.   We got the Bangers and Mash and the Cheeseburger Royale pasties this time. Again, both great.   Our waitress forgot to put in our order for oven chips, and was awesome enough to comp it from the check.   Downside to the Bar? You can come across groups of people telling you to "move over" so they can fit their group together. Rude and annoying if you just got your Pasties, but this time not a huge deal as we were about to get our check and leave.  There's so many Pasties to choose from, which makes things overwhelming when it comes time to order.   Look forward to working my way through their Pasty offerings and bringing my family and friends here for brews, good food and good times!
Food is extremely SALTY.  The chef's taste buds are probably shot and he/she adds way too much salt to EVERYTHING!  I'm never going there again.  Not balanced in the flavors whatsoever.
A go to place for a filling, warm and delicious meal! When you think pasty you might just think of the traditional meat and potatoes, but this spot offers SO much more. Being a non meat eater I enjoy their long list of vegetarian pasty options. I have pretty much tried them all and there is not one that I do not like.   If I had to give my favorites they would be: Veggie Spicy Asiago, Veggie Rosemary & Veggie Pesto. All equally delicious!   The restaurant itself definitely has a hipster vibe- dark, wine bottles with candle wax dripping down the side, old church pews as table benches. They also have a large outdoor patio.   Don't have time for a sit down meal? Call in your order to go. They will either cook them hot and ready to eat or half bake them and you can pop them in your oven at home to eat when you are ready.   For take out, dine in or a late night bite and a beer this place is a must!
Amazing food!  I have had just about everything on the menu with the exception of their soups and man FANTASTIC.  This is definately one of my favorite places.
We had a great time last night. Music was good. Our bartender chad was great and on point. Food was good. I had the mock chicken tika masala it was good, the sauce that came with it was very sweet and didn't sit well with the dish. Next time ill skip the sauce or try another one.
I LOVE this restaurant!!  Every single item we've tried on the menu has been outstanding - and my friends and I have tried them all.  My favorite meal there is to start with the Tomato Soup (best I've ever had), then the Peppered Steak Pasty (order extra sauce...trust me) and for dessert, the Chocolate Bread & Butter Pudding.  For the love of god, do not skip dessert.  Take half your pasty home (yummy the next day) and eat dessert.    Awesome, fun staff and the service is always excellent.  Friday nights are packed, so save your visit for a weekday night - or lunch.    One change I'd make?  Turn the music down.  It is a restaurant, not a night club.  Hard to hear the person you are sitting right next to.  They just opened a new location down the street from my office...more yummy lunches for me!
Had a vegan friend coming in to town, called in, and apparently they offer 2 vegan options every day. She loved it. My friend and I out of respect, ordered vegetarian dishes. With the quorn chicken, I couldn't tell the difference. Awesome food. Great service. Giant beer.
I came to this place while I was around town. And at first I really liked the atmosphere and the staff but I sat there for over 30 minutes and nobody served us. Even when I walk up to them and ask for our orders to be taken. Nobody came up to us and ask. We did not even get a glass of water overall. I have been a Foodie for a long time and had not been disrespected at a restaurant even when it was horrible food, it was not like they were busy or anything. I was terribly disappointed and I would never go back there again even when I am in town.
Ok so I'm not big on trying new things. I try new things but I'm always afraid I won't like it. I guess you can say I am an adventure but in denial!  Hehe. Ok so my boyfriend loves loves to try anything.  First time I cam here I got a ceaser ckn salad and it was awesome I will say. Second time we came here his sister was in town with her boyfriend from Massachusetts visiting. Beer is awesome so I hear from my boyfriend and his sis and her boyfriend. I like wheat beers so I'm picky. But I won't say the beer isn't good just because I am a selective person. Ok so we all got pastes I got a salmon asparagus one and I can't remember what everyone else got but I will def say there was no complaints coming from anyone! I am normally good at not over stuffing myself but this was to good to pass up! Haha. Service was great! Was sat immediately maybe a min for them to get our drinks which was great! No complaints here. Dont eat to much you come here or your missing out on the pastes!
Always good food at cornish pasty.   I've been to their smaller shop over next to ASU.  This one definitely is a lot more of a refined atmosphere. I actually prefer the smaller one because it was very "divey".  If you want to have a more classy place to go to come to this location.  All in all if you haven't been to cornish pasty, or had one before definitely have to try at least once.  the one with lamb is the best.. (unless you don't like lamb, then i dont think you will agree with me)
Cool place, good food, horrible service. I want to like this place but the staff is cold and inconsiderate. Makes you feel like they are doing you a favor by letting you eat here. If service is important,  go somewhere else.
Wasn't real impressed , the food was okay but some ingredients are really over powering while the meats are quite tasteless.  The pesto and the 1000 island are sooo strong! The garlic jalapeo oven fries are pretty bland, couldn't even taste the garlic and 1/2 the order was burnt to a crisp . The ranch is wonderful. On the plus side , the pasties are big enough to share between two people
I had to try this place out because of the reviews. It has a very trendy vibe and it feels like you are in a pub in England. The pasty was pretty good, but that wine sauce is amazing.. I dipped my fries in that shiz. ;) The fries were great too. They had jalapenos on top that added some great heat. Overall a pretty good find. I shall be back.
Best food. Amazing beer selections. It doesnt get any better.
I enjoy this place.  It's a nice break form the limited varieties of food you can get in the East Valley.  The pastys are tasty and this location is 10 times nicer than the cramped hot and dirty location in Tempe.
Love this location, amazing waitresses, perfect pasties, Love !!
Tried this place for the 1st time my brother and best friend have been ranting about! All in all the atmosphere was soothing low lighting, hip music, and good beers! Now for the Pasty I personally had to try the ever so popular Bangers and Mash and yeah that pasty is a solid sell! I tried a vegetarian Pasty my sister in law had and that too was quite delicious. Various craft beers to enjoy with your meal and wines as well.  Recommend this place for any occasion. Overall the service was helpful and informative. Food was hot and tasty. Beer was cold and yummy. I'll be back!
This was my first time trying a pasty and I am glad that I first had them here, based on the recommendation of a friend who favors this place.   This place was jam-packed on a Monday evening! Their pasty menu is really extensive!! We were having a hard time trying to make a selection from among the wide range of premium & signature pasties. We finally decided to settle on the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty(for the Indian flavour) and the Chicken Pot Pie Pasty.   For appetizers, we had the tandoori chicken wings - these were super oily, so much so that the waitress even gave us extra napkins to wipe off the excess oil.. eww! But I would give this appetizer a slight plus point for the spicy masalas coating the wings, that made it tasty. I just wish they had done a better job of marinating the chicken wings in the proper fashion before cooking them the right way(which's baking & grilling them and not deep frying!!)  The accompanying yoghurt mint sauce was what really caught our attention more than the chicken wings itself. Its super duper delicious!! The waitress who served us was very helpful in explaining the different sauces served here and she even brought us different samplers to try out during the main course.  The lamb vindaloo pasty was awesome, true to it's taste. If you are a lamb fan, you should definitely give this pasty a try. The chicken pot pie pasty was passable with a mixed blend of potatoes, vegetables and chopped chicken. It went well with the yoghurt-mint sauce and the tahini sauce.  Finally, it was desert time and once again we were at a loss to pick one among the various tempting choices on the list. The waitress once again poured in with her help, describing the best and the okayish desserts. If you are a toffee fan, the Sticky Toffee Pudding is the most delicious on the list.  They had also run out of the Chocolate bread & butter pudding that day since everyone seemed to be ordering it.   We finally decided to give the Banoffie Pie a try. Beware!, the dessert is too much for just two people. We were full by the time we finished off half of the pie. The pie's crust was difficult to break and had a hidden layer of caramel cream within, which complimented well with the whipped cream. Aah, the whipped cream.. is well, not the lighter version, but a heavy thick cream that tastes almost like homemade butter. You can only have so much of that heavy cream. I wouldn't have it again.  I would give this place 4 stars for the food, 3.5 stars for the service. 3 stars for the ambience(they had good candle lighting all over, but if you prefer someplace quiet, then you should skip this place).
Awesome Place.  Cozy and hip with church pews for seating!  Come try a Cornish Pasty .  They have many different flavors to choose from.
I love this place. I didn't think I would Luke this place as much as the Tempe location... But...Love the food, music, and atmosphere. Today our server was super busy, so the bartender saw this and brought our drinks over. I never mind waiting when people are working hard and this was a pleasant surprise. Loved the candles, door tables... And the plates. .. and really good, very large, beers!
This place is amazing!  The food is delicious, the vibe is the perfect combination of hip and comfortable, and the wait staff were cool and made great recommendations. We had the Bangers & Mash and the Carne Adovada Patsy's--so good! You have to save room for dessert; the Sticky Toffee Pudding is the best I've ever had.  I'm so glad we found this place and I can't wait to come back.
Let me just say this. WOW!!  September 16 was my Wife and I anniversary. We both decided to try some thing totally new, but did not no what. So after researching on the internet, we came across the Cornish Pasty Company. After reading other reviews, and visiting the web site, as well and researching what a pasty is, we both decided that this was the spot to go. Apon walking in, the smell took us by suprise, was a little overwealming for we both have never smelt nothing like it before, but being in there after a few we started adjusting and relizing how much we both enjoyed the ambiance. Apparently its one of the main spices they use in pastys. There service was really good, out waittress was extremely good. The one thing that impressed both my and I was that even the othere waitreses and waiters would ask us if we needed anything and how every thing was going. Oh yeah,  by the way. The food was awsome.
YUM! YUM! YUM!! Cornish Pasty is an awesome place!!! Most of the seating is large community tables and there is a very warm, welcoming vibe to the whole place!! They have a great selection of beers and the food was AMAZING!!! Very authentic and so delicious!!   This will definitely become a MUST GO place for me anytime I visit AZ!!!
Food is great here and the atmosphere is pretty good. Portions are pretty decent, I think we all had some left over.   Only gripes are that the benches we sat in we're terribly uncomfortable and the place was so loud we could hardly talk. Otherwise it was pretty good.
Yummmmm. This place really isn't doing anything to convince me that British food isn't all fried or boiled, but man this was delicious. I had the Oggie with the red wine gravy. Great beer selection as well with lots of stuff you don't usually see on tap.   My mom and I came at an off-time, but I could see this place getting pretty packed and crowded during a normal eating time. Definitely will come back.
Amazing and more amazing. The atmosphere was unique and inviting. Food was incredibly delicious. We will be back again!
Cornish Pasty is our favorite neighborhood restaurant. The food, staff and drinks are amazing! We describe the pasties as a glorified hot pocket. My favorite is The Royale and potato/leek soup.The $3 car bombs are a great "dessert" option. We are never disappointed when we go
love love love this place!
This is the best food I have had in a very long time and I move around so much for business trips. I have had the best food in chicago, miami, LA, etc. This place hit the spot. I wrote a lot in my previous reviews. This time I'm not going to write much. Sometimes less means more and everything is so good here from the appetizers, to main course, and desert, drinks, etc. I want you to be surprised when you get there and have your first bite. So do yourself a favor don't read the other reviews on what item to pick. Everything is good, go for it, enjoy!
Everything I have ever tried here has been delicious.  The atmosphere is always so calming and casual.  I love the decor and how they turned doors into tables with pews as seats.  Sometimes it does take a while to get recognized by a waiter or waitress, but that may also be because it is always so busy in there.  The one draft I wish they had is kiltlifter--- since it is a local favorite, they may see more people ordering it if it were on draft instead of in the bottle.
I'm British and we love our cornish pasties.   The Cornish Pasty Company is a great spot to hit if you're craving a cornish pasty. We tried several appetizers from the scotch egg to the british fries. All were yummy and tastey. The cornish pasties were good and flavorful.  This place lost two stars because of the unbelievably horrid service we received. Our waitress forgot several items and at the end of our meal, after ordering a dessert, she brought us our tab instead. When I questioned where our bread pudding was, she told me she didn't receive an order for a bread pudding, when I clearly ordered one. No apology or anything. It was a nightmare.
The pasty is delicious. I also had the apple cinnamon pasty, scrumptious.  But was very disappointed that this restaurant does not honor our Veterans or Senior Citizens with a discount. In fact the restaurant became snobish when asking. This is sad. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
So good! First time experience and the food was excellent. Soup was creamy with a hit of spice. The Shepard pie w minced lamb very well done w flaky dough crust sooo good. Plus the gravy wine sauce to top it off excellent! I could drink it, it's so good.
Um yea, the Royale with Cheese. First, I love a restaurant with a sense of humor. Second, this pasty is delicious. Third, the portions are out of this world! I had to take half home because it was such great comfort food. I love the vibes. My boyfriend calls it a hipster place but he loves the food too so he doesn't complain. The beer and wine selection was great. I love that there were so many varieties and they were different than what you might generally see. My boyfriend really liked one of German beers (can't spell it through sorry!)
Two words: I'm addicted. I've been to Cornish pasty about 4 or 5 times now since I've discovered it and to this location about half of those times. Every time I come here I am delighted by the aromas and the menu options are always enticing, however I usually stick with the pilgrim because as I said earlier, I'm addicted.  The atmosphere is so grunge, dark and even the people working there are not your average joes, which I love. I always get a very interesting waiter and have a consistently good meal. Actually, it's beyond good, it's mouth watering amazing. The pastry always tastes fresh and is baked to perfection, and whatever you order to go inside of it is ALWAYS piping hot! The wine sauce is to die for as well, so don't be suh with it! And if you're still hungry by the time you're finished with your entree, which is almost impossible I've come to learn, the dessert menu looks incredible and I've had the peanut butter and jelly pasty (not as ordinary as it sounds) and it was a lovely way to end the meal! I would recommend this place to anyone who loves comfort food, so basically everyone. Enjoy!
For those who are not familiar with this british speciality, a cornish pasty is a sandwich baked into a pie-like crust.  It's a lot of like a hot pocket, except it's good.  And this restaurant serves up an amazing cornish pasty.  It also doesn't hurt that Cornish Pasty Company has an authentic british pub ambiance.  I had the Oggie, which is a pretty traditional pasty.  Steak, potatoes and onion.  Give it a minute before taking your first bite.  Trust me when I say it comes to the table piping hot.  For just $8.50, it's a pretty good little meal.  Need more?  There are some good sides and salads for about $2 to $5.  The beer selection (tap and draft) is awesome.  I did not partake in dessert, but what I saw at other tables looked amazing.
I just love these restaurants. Great food and atmosphere . Service can be a bit lacking but that's kinda the vibe here-laid back. Just had another pasty tonight-oh so good: bangers and mash
First time I came here I had no idea what to expect. I didn't know what a pasty was. I was pleasantly surprised. Pretty genius idea to put savory foods in a puff pastry. I had the salmon pasty. OMG! It was the best one I have tried. My other friends got the cheese steak and the pesto chicken. They were definitely not as good as the salmon. The salmon had this nice texture of being cooked perfectly well. Not too over cooked and not undercooked. The sauce that bathed this salmon was creamy, but unexpectedly, not too heavy. The only downside is, it is pretty dark there so I had a hard time seeing the menu and my food, but I guess that's part of the atmosphere. I definitely will go back here and definitely recommend this place if you have never eaten here.
Stayed in Tempe for several nights on a house hunting trip. One of the nights happened to be NFL conference finals night so I wanted to get take out and watch the games instead of going out. I sent my husband out for the pasties and chicken wings.  He is a pretty conservative eater so he opted for the Oggie (traditional pasty) while I went for the Pilgrim (Thanksgiving style). The pasties were huge and still steaming hot when they arrived at the hotel room. The Pilgrim was served with the red wine gravy (delicious) and cranberry sauce. I thought the crust was as perfect as pasty crust could possibly be. Not too thick and braided along the edge. The filling was so moist and well composed. The meat wasn't dried out and the sweet potatoes really added flavor. My husband said he preferred my pastie to his.   I was not enamored with the tandoori chicken wings. They were caked in tandoori paste and soggy. I would not recommend these. They were also super spicy.  Since we are moving to the area, we will be coming back to try out the many varieties as well as the pasty dessert!
This is my favorite location! I love the atmosphere, great music, patio seating, staff, etc. Try the pilgrim or the royale! So good!
Excellent and different. Huge variety of entrees and all that we ordered were amazing. Wait staff was great and fun. Save room for desert because they were to die for.  Think I will go back tomorrow night.
First time I tried these pasty things. haha. They were ok. These are the items that people back in the last century ate. Like miners and poor people I think... There was a story about in the menu. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary but I'll go back to try other items just to make sure I'm not missing anything. If I had to think about it... pasties are giant hot pockets that cost $10. Well, this is more of a time period food so I guess there's that additional cost to make it to represent it accurately. Although I don't think they had Mexican pasties back in the day. lololol.  It was kind of dark in there but I guess that's the mood they were going for. The entire place was mostly candle lit. Servers were nice. I say... good to go try it out at least once.
Our waiter was nice and he actually talked to us. The food was great! I got the portbello mushroom pasty. :)
GREAT EXPERIENCE! Our first time here was a couple of weeks ago and it was a unique and delicious dining experience. We sat at the counter and were able to watch them prepare food. The service was great! There are so many pastry choices. I can't wait to go back and try more. They have the best homemade fries I have ever had, and a great beer selection. I can't wait to bring family and friends here!
This play is worth the wait. We had a 40min wait on a Friday night but it was all worth it. And they have a very nice patio you can order drinks and appetizers  to wait for your table. Best food in Mesa!
I come here alot and their foods are extraordinary. The atmosphere is nice too. Be sure to order their lemonade, it was squeesh fresh when we went there. Really good serving size too. Iam sure you wont be able to finish one pastry alone.:)
Food is excellent, kitchen is in the middle of the dining area so you watch them cook,  atmosphere is great, very chill and thematic,  service varies but been never really disappoints depending on the night and how busy they are, I keep coming back to this place, I make a special trip every time I'm in Arizona, my favorites the Italian, and the Royale with cheese,  but every thing I've tried there I'd happy get again, don't skip out on this place!
More than anything, I love the ambience here.  The food, in particular the pasties and shepherd's pies are also delicious.
Very strong and good flavors. Very filling. I liked the on east side more then the Tempe location. Don't like eating there cuz way to dark and hipster ish lol . Worth a try
Cornish Pasty Co. Is a delicious adventure across the pond without leaving Phoenix. Tonight my sister and I had another great meal here. The service was only so so but the pasties are so good that I will give them a pass on service at least for now. We were originally seated in an area of the patio outside which we were told by the hostess, used to be a smoking area but they had recently turned it into a non smoking area. We really wanted to sit outside on this beautiful evening so we put up with the lingering smoky aroma and ash trays that were sitting on the table next to us. After we had ordered drinks, the table behind us proceeded to light up a cig. We were not to fond of this since we were told by the hostess that this was now a non smoking area. We decided to move tables since we observed that another nearby table, outside of the "smoking" area. We did inform our waitress of the move before we officially made it. I know that this is not necessarily the best thing to do in a restaurant setting because of the set up of waiter/ess per table or area but since we were mislead into believing that we were seated in a non smoking area, we felt it necessary to move.  Anyhow, our waitress did not seem to fond of the fact that we had moved and she rudely made the comment to us that and I quote "THAT IS THE SMOKING AREA" well I am sorry miss lady! We were told it was non smoking!! I would rather not be around cigarette smoke during my delicious pasty meal. I ended up ordering some Cornish coleslaw to start which was fantastic. It does have a fair amount of raw red onions in it, so be aware if you are ordering it on a date or a lunch break. It is more of savory coleslaw rather than sweet with hints of horseradish. I ordered the bangers and mash pasty. It was absolutely delicious! They do make their own sage sausage in house and it is oh so good! Mashed potatoes and sausage with a sage sausage gravy, YUM!! My sister had the chicken pot pie pasty and was equally impressed.  Overall the food is delicious. I have had many a pasty in England and these area equally as good if not better to some that I have had in around various cities in England. The service is hit or miss. I will be back for more because I love the food!
Meh. Not too impressed. Ordered the asiago chicken pasty and garlic oven fries - they were nothing to write home about. This place is also not very kid friendly, in my opinion. Probably won't go back.
Great food, there is absolutely no question about that.  However my experience could have been a lot better, the service was shit. I don't care about censoring myself here, because that is the only way to properly describe it. That whole high and mighty attitude doesn't fly. Sorry i dont automatically know everything there is to know about your establishment, when its my first ever time eating here. But whatever, Great food. Some of the best food around, but never will I ever eat in house again, ever.
Six stars. This place goes above and beyond expectations for food quality. It's not the cheapest food in the world, but you damn well get what you pay for. So filling. Every bite is orgasmic. Excellent customer service. The place itself has a very weird atmosphere. I feel like the mood they're going for is: privacy. Like all the booths have really high dividers and it's really dimly Lit. So much so that when you walk back out into Arizona sunlight it came be rather disorienting, especially if you've just finished one of their giant mugs of beer, which are almost a necessity to accompany your meal and complete the cornish pasty experience. Damn it's been a good couple months since I've had any and writing this review has made me crave it immensely. I gotta wrap this up and head over there now. It's almost noon so it's probably a good time to start drinking. (don't let this fool you- it's not standard bar fare. You don't have to be drunk to enjoy this food. But the option is available.)
The pasty's were good.  Went there on a lunch time last week. Sat at the bar .while waiting for our food. All the cooks were scruffy and dirty looking. Handling raw and cooked food with out gloves. Plus a cleaner climbed up on an oven and started cleaning the oven hood ?should this be done while the place is open ?? One cook went and got a drink and was drinking this while "preparing" food. The place needs a good clean. Two stars for the pasty's.
i love this place, they are like gigantic gourmet hot pockets.. everything is like $9. so amazing i love the lamb and mint, royal w/ cheese, rosemary steak, pork and apple, bangers and mash, shepards pie.. the best red wine gravy sauce and best thousand island dressing and desert hot pockets... and 8$ will buy you 32 oz of beer or hard cider...amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Something so simple done unbelievably well. First time? Try the Oggie (The Traditional Pasty) with steak, potatoes, onion and a side of red wine gravy- DON'T YOU DARE GET KETCHUP INSTEAD! If you want something a little more southwest, the Carne Adovada is RIDICULOUS. They also have a great variety of local beer on tap.
If someone put a gun to my head and told me I could only go to one place in all of Phoenix for the rest of my life, I would choose here. No jokin'.
Love this place. The food is always good but tonight I stopped in for drinks and dessert.  So I had the chocholate bread pudding. . Omg so freaking good and the bar tender Chad was great.
My wife and I came here with our good friends who are English.  They told us how authentic it is and told us about the history of the food.  Really cool stuff!  When we showed up it was great food and the history of the food was throughout the whole restaurant.  Lots of old pictures of tin miners.  We loved the hearty food and the great atmosphere!
The service could've been better, but the food and timeliness that we got it was great.  Each of my friends got something different and we all had a try of the Tikki Masala Pasty, Rosemary Steak Pasty, and Original Pasty. The Tikki Masala has a bit of spice to it that I was not up for at the moment, but both of the other dishes were very flavorful and so filling! The atmosphere is great too! Such a cool place!
Fabulous!! Found this place on yelp & it looked like a place my whole family would enjoy.  It was a lot busier than we anticipated, but the hostess was very nice & it wasn't too long before we were seated.  Our waitress was pleasant & efficient.  Our pasties were so good!  I had the spicy chicken with black beans, asiago cheese, corn & tomatoes.  My husband had meat & cheese, and my kids had the Royale, chicken pot pie & the Pilgrim.  Each one was perfectly done.  We ordered two desserts, and to be honest, we didn't love either one.  The chocolate bread pudding was too strong of a brandy flavor for me, and the other one - some graham cracker Carmel banana thing - was too heavy on the whipped cream with not enough Carmel.  But the beer list was good & the atmosphere was fun, so I'm giving a 5 star anyhow. Now we just need one of these places in San Diego!
Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite places to eat in "the valley". I love the Mesa location because it is larger than the other locations and I like the makeover on the patio. Tikka Masala is by far my favorite pasty...in fact I have never had a bad pasty and their beer selection is great! I guess I can't say enough good things...
Well I've been going to the location in Tempe for years and have nothing bad to say about Cornish Pasty. Their food is second to none and I always bring out of town visitors to Tempe and they love it.   Well first time making it to the Mesa location. Really nice building, I see they still have the long bench settings but the overall restaurant appeared bigger and more open. Still same great food. My personal favorite is the Meat and Cheese and I usually try to take a bite or two from my wife who usual orders the pilgrim or Italian. All are great!!!  Good service as well, I forget our server name, but she was very nice and food came put prompt and was very attentive to our party.   Overall a good addition to the Cornish Pasty restaurants. I can't wait till I get a chance to checkout the scottsdale location next so I can complete my Cornish Pasty visits.
Very good, like a hot pocket on steroids.
Yum. Vegan pasties! I had never heard of a pasty before until coming here.   They have two vegan options daily, which I believe change regularly. I tasted both of them when I was there and couldn't choose a favorite.   Their beer selection is pretty good and fitting for the meal. This is a great spot to take your non-vegan friends and all have a good compromising meal. :)
when i ordered an Oggie with ketchup, the waitress said, "ah, you're from Michigan then."  why yes, yes i am.  these pasties are good.  i would take one from up north over these any day, but not by much.  they also have a bunch of other kinds of pasties (not really pasties, more like pasty-inspired foods) for the more adventurous.  it's the Oggie for me though.
Delicious pasties that I first had in the upper peninsula of Michigan. The pasties can be filled with anything you want and come out of the kitchen piping hot. I am not sure how the wait staff remains so thin. They must not eat many pasties. Keep in mind, this is not the kind of place for a quick meal. People enjoy relaxing here so if you go during peak times you may have to wait for some time.
I'm a picky eater, so this place doesn't have a lot to offer me (due to the way these are made, you can't special order anything). That being said what I did order was quite tasty, and I can see why this place is a favorite. Where things really shine is the dessert. I had the apple cinnamon pasty and wow! They hand make everything in house, including their caramel, which was absolutely to die for.
I'm sure there are those who would not enjoy the food, service, or atmosphere at the Cornish Pasty Company. They would be wrong. Don't hang around those kind of people. Life is too short. We started with the chicken liver pate and Scotch egg. Both quite excellent. I really liked the honey mustard that came with the egg but my wife requested something else and tried the tsiki sauce. Killer. Btw, these folks aren't pouring stuff out of a bottle or bucket or microwaving your dinner. This is real food prepared by real chefs who know what their doing and it shows. I hadn't had a pate in a long time so it kind of got to be 'new' again for me. First bite. Interesting. And every mouthful became more interesting and delightful. I refrained from liking the bowl because of some sense of shame if seen.We split an 'Oggie' for our pasty experience. This is I think their most popular pasty and it was very good dipped in the house-made red wine gravy. Steak, rutabaga, potatoes, and onion. There's probably fifteen or so other pasties to choose from. Note there is a difference between a pasty (short a) and pasty (long a). In some places, pasties (long a) are required. We ordered dessert based on hearing a 'wow' from a nearby table and looking just in time to see a spoon moving from mouth back to dessert. Choc cake, topping and ice cream. Yes.  Top staff. Jenny, our waitress, if she's in, ask for her. Blouse and jewelry to match her tats. And any young woman with a 'Dad' tat hits this Grandpa's sweet spot. Randy, the manager, cruises the place and seems to genunely care about your dining experience. The staff seems to like working t  One last word that maybe best describes this place. I ordered a Speckled Hen Ale. Unusual to even see on the menu. English ale. I had to try it. #1 - it was an ale of a quality I would love to drink it on a regular basis. #2 - it was served at the proper temperature so that one could fully enjoy its quality. Not that American fetish ice-cold thing that allows a nation to drink swill and not know it. Yep. Beer snob here. Sue me. But not too bad. I drink Grain Belt whenever I have a chance.
This restaurant's menu isn't huge, but it is packed with delicious food. I have never left unsatisfied or felt like I didn't get my money's worth. The customer service is also top-of-the-line. This place gets BUSY (be prepared!), and regardless of whether or not there is a line out of the door, the fine staff of this establishment never lose a beat. (Even the people waiting to be seated are patiently and happily waiting for their turn for one of their amazing dishes!) I am a repeat customer, and this is the first place I think of when I'm looking for some good British food. :)
Incredible!  Staff was amazing, craft beers excellent, Pasty was perfection!  Light crust, perfectly brown and crunch with Thanksgiving dinner in the inside and cranberries and gravy on the outside!  How could I miss!  That being said my husband and I will split one next time to enjoy either the soups or the Bannanoffee dessert!   We sat at the counter overlooking the food magician at work and they were tithe best seats in the house! Enjoy!
Terrific vegan food and great beer-woohoo! Just wish it were bigger so I could sit down and enjoy the food and drink more quickly!
This place is truly a PHX must!! I have never been a to place this unique before. Also the ambiance is great, I have tried lots of the pasty's and their all tasty!! I always take my friends who visit to cornish pasty, and they all love it as well!! My personal fave is the chicken tikki!
Cornish makes my tummy and heart happy!  I stopped in after looking at wedding dresses for a close friend of mine (always a bridesmaid..never a bride. . . ) and this place made me feel less depressed and likely to spend my life alone... because...  The food will make you forget it all! Feed your face and feed your feelings! I had never heard of a pasty before coming here and this is what has been missing from my life.  I don't need a boyfriend any longer . . . I can get a Shepherds pie to keep me safe and warm. Need someone to make you feel loved and wanted? Pssh..forget that...shove your pie hole with a pasty--and then make it a pasty hole! Try the Tikka Masala and then change your last name to Cornish Pasty-Tikka Masala.. no one will question you ...because they know you found what is right in the world.  Feeling a little tied down? Try Reuben.. he's so good and filled with pastrami and can take you to the 1000 Islands. . . he's like an ugly fat man but rich so he's a bit more attractive. But, certainly delicious.  Want to get a little freaky? BANGERS and MASH! It's like a threesome in you mouffff! Do it!!  Go to Cornish Pasty! Seriously!!! Go and find that special pasty..that special something to make your soul feel good again.
Love THE CAJUN with an order of chips with garlic and jalapenos.    We've had the Royale, Rueben, Acovada and the Greek.  All good but I go back to the K JUN.  The Lentil soup is amazing too.  Wouldn't have tried it but saw someone here I knew and they recommended it.  The Banofee desert is awesome but have them heat it up or get it to go and nuke it for 30 seconds and it changes your life.  Without being heated it's still very good but heated it goes to another level.
OMG!! Large selection of beer in big glasses and anything you would eat at dinner stuff in a loaf. I like the turkey, stuffing and cranberry pasty. Other good Pasties include the taco and the chicken fettuccine. Great food, kind of a old mine lunch motif and great story about Cornwall.
How can you not like Cornish Pasty's? This place is amazing. Every location is amazing. All the food is amazing.  AMAZING  More seriously, I do go to their locations all the time. The one I end up at the most is the Dobson/Guadalupe location. I love the decor. Church pews are great seats. The place is always packed with a pretty friendly crowd. The jukebox has some really excellent music. The food of course is nomalicious. I highly recommend all their hand crafted soups. I've never had a pasty I didn't like. Of course, also save room for some dessert. The caramel pasty and the pavlova are both killer. The pavlova was so good I went home and learned how to make them so I could have them even when I didn't feel like putting on pants. Sadly, sometimes the desire to not put on pants even outweighs the desire to eat at a place this amazing.
Gourmet hot pockets. Plus they have my new favorite food scotch eggs. Its a hardboiled egg wrapped in sausage and deep fried. Glad they increased the size of the Guadaloupe and Dobson location. Foods amazing enough for me to overlook the hipsters.
Being English, I'm always skeptical when people advertise 'authentic British food' as it never comes close to expectations. I'm happy to say Cornish Pasty is as good as it gets. How they keep their prices so low astounds me as the quality of the food is second to none. I turned vegan 4 years ago and they have an extensive vegetarian menu with 2 vegan pasties on offer daily (usually... they've let me down a couple of times but I just switch to vegetarin for the meal - don't judge).   Alcohol is great too with Strongbow on tap and specials always running. I bring my parents here when they visit too and they love it - they're from Cornwall, which should tell you everything you need to know.   My only complaint is that it's been flooded with hipsters, which is not my scene. I'm a 34" waist and I can't get into skinny jeans.
Good food!!  Nice atmosphere!!
My husband and I really enjoy coming to Cornish Pasty Co. We've only been to the location on Dobson. The food is delicious and very reasonably priced. The spirit there is so friendly and helpful. If you don't know what to order the waiter/waitresses always do an excellent job with recommendations. The food is always delicious and super filling!
This was like a party in my mouth.  My mom used to make a traditional meat and potato pasty that we ate with ketchup but I had no clue these could be so versatile. The roasted garlic oven fries "chips" were amazing perfectly cooked. I had the meat and cheese and my friend had the cajun chicken so we split it and each got half of each kind. ..server made us and I was soooo glad he did! ! I loved them both equally. . The red wine gravy is AWESOME and the home made thousand island is the perfect tang. I was less impressed with the banoofee dessert thing we tried but we will be back for pasty again
Love the atmosphere,  Love the food !  The garlic french fries are to die for !  My favorite drink... The rotten apple...  It is a mug of hard cider with a shot of jagermeister turned upside down inside.  I know I know it sounds strange but it is yummo!
EVERYTHING tastes amazing, and they have a great beer selection. Definitely get the scotch eggs and oven chips.
I really don't know how you can give this place less then 5 stars.   The service is awesome  The atmosphere is awesome   The food is awesome  The variety they have for meat eaters and vegetarians is nice. Part of my family and friends are veg heads the others are carnivores so this place is a good place to go if you have a diverse crowd of people wanting to eat out. They have great beer and drinks too so that's something everyone can have.
I absolutely love this place. The price may seem high until you get down to eating the servings. I am a big guy and can easily put away a lot of food but I even have trouble finding room for this. The pasties are not a meal you can leave in a company fridge for long because someone will seal it. It is that good. Everyone I have ever taken to eat there has said at first the food can be a little rich for their taste but by time we leave they all tell me that they have found their new favorite eatery, that is saying something since a lot of the people I have brought over are from New York or Europe. On a further note there is a wide selection for almost anyone vegetarian included, the tea drinker, or even the ones of us that would like a little beer with our meal. Best of all $3 Irish Car Bombs for the win! I recommend this place to anyone, take your time meet the staff (most of them are heavily tattooed and/or pierced but they are great people kind and friendly and not just because they are paid to be).
My favorite is the chicken tikka pasty
i'm so happy i found this place.  when i heard the word pasty, it didn't exactly coincide with great food in my mind.  but that forever has changed,  the pilgrim was amazing.  hands down, best thing i've eaten in a while.  turkey, stuffing & roasted veggies with a side of cranberry sauce & red wine gravy.  like thanksgiving dinner in a little bundle of joy.   dessert was delicious as well.  apple & caramel pasty with vanilla ice cream.  the pasty was fluffy and buttery and glorious and all of the things you want when you are feeling like a fat kid.    nice beer selection.  i chose a trusty Guinness but i wish i had been brave & perused the beer menu a bit more. next time.  can't wait to go back.
Awesome
Very Unique food and great atmosphere!!! manager is awesome and they whole staff is very good!!! I love the Mexican Pasty and the Garlic fries are the best ever!!! very comfortable place and reminds me very much of English style food!!! owner is a very nice guy and hands on with making sure the food is well presented and it is always made to order!!! the manager Justin is very helpful and wants to know everyone leaves happy!!!! great place for out of town guests to visit as well!!!! also has to go half baked pastys which is great too!!!
OMG WOW. This place is just amazing. If you have never been, you are missing out. Went there with family and everything we ordered, from soups to pasties were flavorful and aesthetically pleasing. The selection of beer on tap is also impressive. 5 stars well deserved.
Delicious food way low key joint all servers are pretty helpful with suggestions. Carne Adovada and the Reuben are my personal favorites.
EXCELLENT! I was referred by a friend in Tucson.  I had the take out for my family.  It  was interesting place when I went inside.  Not sure I would want to eat in there but I got the food home and it was unbelievably great ! The kids loved it :) Im a fan and plan on doing this again asap
very good pasties my grandmother made these too and they have that grama taste and the desserts everytime ive been here its been great
I love their American Royale burger and the beer is always great. I like coming here with my coworkers and enjoying a nice kickback. Have also had company dinners here. Great atmosphere and food.
Great food. The service was a little slow but it was very busy so it's understandable. We will be back.
This place is AMAZING! Love it and love the atmosphere!
We love Cornish Pasty! I like that the staff isn't all up in my face all the time, but they are attentive. I wish they had more than 2 vegan options per day. The vegan pot pie is incredible. The pub chips (fries) are delicious too.  Bottom line: go there, with family or friends!
This was our first time eating in the restaurant. We picked up carryout before and were very pleased. Kent (aka Jack Black) took great care of us at the bar. We watched the assembly line of pasties and it was awesome. They have a smooth system considering how busy it gets. So far, my husband and I have tried the Lovely Bit o Salmon, Pepper Steak, Pilgrim and Pesto Chicken. My favorite overall is the salmon and my husband's favorite is the pepper steak. The Pilgrim is also fantastic, it is like having Thanksigivng dinner in a hot pocket of awesomeness. I highly recommend checking this place out if you haven't been yet. We will definitely return.
Have eaten here several times over the past year. The food choices are varied. You won't have trouble finding something for everyone. Although the pastry seems  pre-made and frozen, heated on the spot, it is generally tasty. Prices are quite reasonable. Main concern our past two visits has been the poor service. Our last two visits we were seated just outside the restroom against a wall in a dark area, but candlelit. Our server apparently either forgot about us or had to many tables to serve as we waited 15 minutes the first time and on our last visit decided to leave after 15 minutes. Too bad as we had liked this local eatery.
I love this place- we are a vegan-vegetarian family and I can't believe I haven't heard of this until this year!  We come from Michigan originally where pasties were as common as lakes and these are AWESOME.
Had a neutral experience. It was an interesting place. Everything baked into a bread. I was excited to taste but unfortunately mine had to be burnt on the bottom.. I give them a 3 star because the Portobello chicken was pretty tasty  OMG you MUST get the Strawberry Pavlova! It's so good.
I feel like I've been magically transported back to Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood every time I step into this restaurant (which I won't explain any further, if you've been both places you know exactly what I mean). I love that they've taken something as traditional as pasties and made it so gourmet yet accessible. There is a pasty for everyone, from a Thanksgiving dinner, to Mexican, to Indian. My two favorites are the Cottage Pie and Lamb Vindaloo (two completely different but equally delicious choices). They are super filling so take your second half home and enjoy one of their delicious desserts. I recommend the strawberries pavlova or the chocolate bread and butter pudding. Also, beer, big beers.
I thought their food was very tasty!  Although I wasn't a fan of their Oggie (basic one) - I really love their Cottage Pie Pasty.  Haven't ordered dessert, but they sound amazing too.
Can't say anything bad about this place.  LOVE everything I've had there!!
We preferred the more traditional meat and cheese pasty  to the chicken tiki pasty. Both are good but the mustard sauce and gravy that come with the meat n cheese are an absolutely the perfect compliment to the cheesy, flaky pasty.  Tried and true comfort food combinations.  Love the flavors and the red wine gravy is indeed very tasty.  My husband is a big eater.  He recommends getting one or two sides if your hungry and want to fill up ( I was fine with just a pasty).
Not particularly attentive staff, poorly cooked red snapper (batter like concrete), slow turnaround between order & service. Won't be back.
Fantastic meal and interesting menu.  I would be happy to return here next time I'm in Edinburgh.
I have been passing this restaurant frequently. It seems always busy. Finally, my friends' visit gave me an excuse to try it out. It was their last night in town, so I was happy to discover the food was really delicious, the view of the castle spectacular, and the whole experience - memorable. On the downside - the noise level was a bit high, which is my overall complaint with so many places in the UK. How one is supposed to have a meaningful conversation when it is hard to hear your own thoughts? I guess you end up shouting more, which just adds to the noise level.
I went back to the Outsider recently for the first time since I graduated from Edinburgh University in 2005.  Luckily, it remained as good as I remembered.  The warm and lively atmosphere was a welcome break from the snowstorm outside, and immediately I started to feel at home.  A glass (it was lunchtime, or obviously we would have ordered a bottle!) of very nice and reasonably-priced pinot grigio later and I was feeling even better.  As I scanned the menu, all the great memories started to come back: from the CHLs (Chunky Healthy Lines - usually a kebab type thing with pitta, vegetables and dressing) to the yummy fries.  I ordered the lamb and venison stew which was mouthwateringly good.  My companion had the ribeye steak, which although not my favourite cut, was well-cooked and juicy.  And when I got the bill (unfortunately I was the one paying), it was definitely not an unpleasant surprise.  Well worth it for the quality of food and service.  Highly recommend and wish I still lived in Edinburgh so I could go here more often.
I've read about this restaurant many times in City Guides and recommendations about Edinburgh. It's a lovely restaurant, the first thing that struck me though was the dark lighting. I can see what they were going for - the mysterious dark look, but it was too dark! I struggled to navigate my way around the restaurant and had to use the candle to read the menu! The food was delicious, very 'foody' (for the use of a better word) and tasty. I can highly recommend the fishcakes, they were the best I've ever tasted!
I've walked past this place loads of times, and yet never felt the urge to wander in and try it. It always just looks a bit too "style over substance", as if there's not much to it aside from a slightly pretentious-sounding menu.  Today, however, I was proven wrong. I went for lunch with some friends after finishing our exams, and I was really impressed. The food was gorgeous, and surprisingly good value for money. I had a smoked trout salad on a bed of mixed leaves, with a mango and yoghurt dressing, whilst my friends had the home-made chilli burger with garlic fries. It was all really well-made, and really nicely presented too.  That said, the waitress did do the one thing that is a pet hate of mine in restaurants - she started clearing the plates away before half of us had even finished. I'm the first to admit that I'm a bit obsessive about manners when it comes to food, but it still got on my nerves.  Apart from that though, I was pleasantly surprised and I will definitely be going back.
The outsider seems to have scrubbed up nice since my last dine here ( a number of years ago). Confidently designed with its dark coal decor and stylish appeal, there's always the lingering doubt that its mere style over substance.  The Outsider seems to have the latter covered to a successful degree as the barnsley chops I tried, with a lovely goats cheese dauphinoise, was excellent. My opinion is admittedly complimented by a cracking view of Edinburgh castle available from the rear of the restaurant, making the whole experience unique to Edinburgh.  Worth a try.
Before I actually came here,  I was told it's one of those arty new restaurants, with minimalist decoration, and apparently the owner didn't approve of people hanging their coats on the back of the chairs and they were quickly taken to the cloak cupboards.   So walking in I was expecting a "too-cool-for-you attitude" How wrong I was.  The menu is interesting (for a change), and it gets a revamp seasonally. I had the pigeon dish (can't remember what it's actually called but chose it mostly because it had a warning about containing gunshot) and on a different occasion had a kebab dish- both delicious! They have platters to share as well. The cheese selection is decent and their homemade bread is too moreish.  The interior is mostly dark. However, this doesn't make it a dark place, instead, the glorious view from the enormous windows of the lit-up Castle outside.  The service is layed back and chilled but efficient and professional at the same time. On both occasions I had dinner there with my family our waitress (a different girl each time) was lovely and very friendly. And they didn't take our coats (they offered but it was not compulsory). Only thing I can hold against it is the noise level gets really bad because the ceilings are so high- at times it gets hard to talk at a normal volume.Also, it is a bit pricey but the portions are huge,the quality is great and they have a great lunch deal. It's cheaper (about 6-10 pounds for a main at lunch and about 9-15 pounds for a dinner if you skip out on drinks/starters/dessert so not too bad for a proper restaurant) .  To sum up I absolutely love this slightly different restaurant and it's ideal for a special occasion or to just treat yourself and your friends/date.
Again, still very good, but they never took my lighting suggestions on board!! what's up with that?!  the food still is amazing though, you cant deny that
One of my most favourite, favourite restaurants in Edinburgh. I can't even remember the amount of times I've been here, but I'm suspicious that they inject the beetroot coleslaw that comes with the chunky healthy lines dishes with some kind of addictive ingredient, that makes you desire pink strips of amazing coleslaw day and night. I'll be highly surprised if anybody else is weird enough to have beetroot coleslaw cravings, but there we go.   You can rely on several things about The Outsider. It's always busy, and therefore has a great atmosphere, the food is consistently tasty and brilliant, and it's effortlessly cool and style laden at all times. It's also reasonably priced, so you can have a few glasses of wine plus some food without worrying too much.   The Outsider always has a really good feel about it, and it has steadily remained popular over the years. I usually go for any of the chunky healthy lines, which are basically skewers speared with different food items, ranging from scallops, and salmon to lamb meatballs and chicken pieces. There are no official starters, as you're encouraged to share the CHLs, and there's a good variety of meat, seafood and veggie dishes on offer for main courses, and always served in pretty generous portions too.
The Outsider is a really great restaurant located on George IV Bridge.  It would have to go on my list of favourite places to eat in Edinburgh.  Although I've only eaten here once, I'd definitely go back when finance allows.  The outside of this establishment says cool and stylish.  The inside matches this, and does not disappoint.  This was the first ever place where I was given some bread and that oil/balsamic vinegar mixture to dip it in.  I was slightly confused to have been given something that I had not ordered, but I was glad to discover that it was complimentary.  I had the steak as a main course, which was brought out very swiftly, and was very tasty.  The restaurant was quite busy when I was there, and so it's perhaps not the place to go if you're looking for a quiet romantic meal.  That said, I did not feel lost in a sea of other customers, and was efficiently taken care of throughout the course of my meal.  The Outsider provided me with a meal that I still remember, and that shows how much I enjoyed it.  This is not a regular occurrence for a restaurant.  I have recommended it to a number of friends, and I look forward to my next visit!
The perfect venue for a first date. I've been on several and this is the best place to go.  great view of the castle, food that you can share, friendly staff, well priced lunch menu and a tres dark interior in case your date isn't up to scratch :p
The reasons I have fallen hook, line and sinker for The Outsider:  It's a neighbourhood restaurant where locals and families go to eat. It's opposite one of my favourite bars and pre-club venues - Villager. It's decorated tastefully with rustic wooden tables, patterned cushions and hints of colour. It has a private booth that seats four to six. It has breathtaking views of the Castle. It has a fab wine-list including one of the most beautiful and berrylicious Shiraz I've ever drunk. It serves totally delicious food - my favourite dish being the grilled hallumi kebabs with pitta, coleslaw and salad. It has sugar-rushing deserts that match the flavour and intensity of the wine.  It has friendly and efficient staff that don't mind if you stay one hour or three.  It's named after Albert Camus's classic existential masterpiece.*    *If it isn't named after Albert Camus's novel, it probably takes its name from Francis Ford Coppola's equally awesome 80s movie.
One of the better places to eat in the city. Quality food and amazing views of the castle. I have found the caliber of beef in Scotland to be a bit suspect, but the steak sandwich here was incredible. The service was also very friendly.
We couldn't see the view because we were placed on the street side.  So apparently you need to request a view when you make reservations, or be prepared to wait a bit.  The food was quite good--we both ordered the skirt steak.  The problem was that we ordered medium rare, and one was bright purple, while the other was slightly more cooked.  We decided they should be sent back to be heated a bit.  They basically threw both back in for the same amount of time, and they came back half the size and one was medium and the other was medium-well.  I'm typically not very picky and I don't think I've sent any food back in about 15 years.  I ate the overcooked meat and my girlfriend shared her slightly-less-cooked piece with me.    It was very tasty, and I assume the cooking issue was a one-off mistake rather than a reflection on the restaurant.  But I certainly can't give this place too high of a reco.  I did like the service a lot, and felt good when the waiter confirmed that our steaks did indeed look undercooked by stating "that's not rare...that's blue!"  Our appetizers were good and the bread was tasty I think.
How ironic that a restaurant named 'The Outsider' made me feel anything but 'outside'. From it's warm wooden decor, friendly waiting staff, to the absolutely outstanding food it left me feeling like I was an insider to a delicious secret.  Well, something about it still felt secret despite that it is evidently very well-known to be a top-quality restaurant, serving wonderfully cooked food at very moderate prices. It was packed both times I went, and I get the feeling the staff are very used to being rushed off their feet. I think the reason it still felt 'secret' is because it didn't have that over-done, tired, and 'standardised' feel a lot of 'good' places can adopt when they become too big for their boots.  I have waxed lyrical for two long paragraphs before even getting to the juicy details. This review is turning into something of a love letter to the Outsider. So let me try and keep the rest brief.  I came for lunch, without a reservation, and despite that it was packed, only had to wait 5 minutes. The front of house waiter was incredibly friendly and charming too, despite it being so busy. I was impressed.  The food. Oh yes, the food. For 7 I had hot smoked salmon with a lush horseradish sauce. It sounds simple, but it was dee-vine. Even the bread and olives we had to start were dreamy. Still warm from the oven, freshly baked, and with a pesto olive oil dipping sauce. I could have happily eaten a whole meals worth of just the bread.  Considering I have had a few bad dining experiences recently where I paid 10 for a frozen patty burger made of 10% meat, the food here seemed really good value for the quality. Some of the mains on the a la carte menu were around 14 for chargrilled chicken. But I saw some of these being brought out to a table nearby and immediately had food envy. I must come back and try these.  The restaurant was buzzing, had a great atmosphere, the service was very friendly and professional and despite being rushed the quality never slipped. The food was some of the best I've tasted in Edinburgh so far, and I couldn't recommend it enough.   It would make a wonderful place for a date, a birthday meal, a catch-up with good friends, a Sunday night treat. If you like lush dining in warm, friendly and very trendy surroundings, get yourself into the Outsider now.
Excellent restaurant. Consistent quality. Buzzy informal atmosphere.
I'm sorry, but this place was not as good as it seems some people say it is. Good points are, food was good and there is quite a good view of Edinburgh Castle if you are seated near the back of the restaurant. That's it, I'm afraid, for the good points.  First of all, if you're looking for the place on a recommendation, you might find it difficult to spot. The front of the place is pretty much lacking in any noticeable signage. If you look closely, and I did, but still had to have the name pointed out to me: there are two columns of wooden tiles between the windows, and on them are dark letters spelling out the word OUTSIDER. Other than that, you'd be excused for thinking that the place was going through a renovation or something.   Inside is very light and roomy and the tables seem to be randomly placed between all the wall tables and booths. The manager that meets you at the door seems to have his head somewhere in the profit books as he shows you to a table, you know, just not quite giving you all his attention. He also looked like he'd slept in, with his hair dishevelled and chin unshaven. The grandpa shirt tops of the look of art student in fourth year at art school.  Once seated you are handed a photocopy of a menu. Not a bad idea if you update your menu everyday, but, some ink in the photocopier would be a good idea too. I have good eyesight, but half the menu was totally illegible to me. Most of the menu was in a small type but there was something handwritten at the top. This was totally unreadable.  I managed to find something that sounded nice so I ordered it and it was very well cooked and tasty.  It wasn't a huge portion but it was charged as a full meal.  I have given two stars, one for the food and one for the castle view.
I'm not sure I know what "modern European cuisine" means, but if this is it, I am a fan.  Close to the Grassmarket, but away from the tourists, this is a handsome restaurant with a great view of the castle from the back windows.  My son and I split the skewers for an appetizer.  Then he had a skirt steak and I had fish.  Add a couple of Innkill & Gunn beers, excellent service, and a cozy atmosphere, and we had a great first night in Edinburgh.  We liked it so well that we went to the Apartment Bistro, run by the same proprietor, a couple of nights later.
We had dinner at the outsider on a bit of a whim, not having been able to book any other nice restaurants on our only dinner night in edinburgh. We'd booked for 20:00, but showed up at 19:00 and they had a table for us. A lovely one, in the back, with a view of the castle. The menu is simple, and everything looks delicious. Every single dish i saw coming out of the kitchen, I wanted to taste. Everything we had tasted amazing. For the first time in my life, I left the potato skins on as I ate the hand-cut chips. The whipped cream that came with the chocolate cake was made with molasses. For the first time ever, I did not ignore the cream. I ate it. It, too, was delicious.    With a flagon of wine one entree to share, a main dish for each and a dessert to share, our bill came to about 60 for the both of us. Given how delicious the food was, we were ready to pay more.     The next day, as we chatted with our host back at the house we rented a room at for the night, we discovered that he and his staff all strongly recommended the outsider, and that another couple staying there had also dined there the night before, as happily as us.     I'm already looking forward to going back to the outsider for dinner. And I live a five-hour train ride away. Yes, it's that good.
It's back up to the sexy five stars after my most recent lunch here.  When a friend asked for my recommendation on where to get lunch, and knowing said friend is perhaps more of a fine food aficionado than I am (a hard thing to do) I did proffer several suggestions of my favourite lighter eateries in the area. But The Outsider came up trumps, despite that their menu isn't available to peruse beforehand online, as their menu is seasonal fresh, and ever-changing.  We arrived at 12.30pm and it was almost empty. By 12.45pm it was full. Luckily, as we hadn't booked. But my advice would be to book or arrive early! Read my earlier reviews for a description of the atmosphere and setting, but it's basically very lovely, modern, stylish, warm and wooden with beautiful views over the chimney-topped Old Town and Castle, but as Anna F has said despite it's style it still has substance.  I do like their CHL (Chunky Healthy Lines) which are grilled skewers but it took me a good 10 minues to decide what to have. The waiter was very bouncy, friendly and good-humoured after he asked us for the third time if we were ready to order. Torn between the lamb burger with an intriguing sounding rhubarb and ginger chutney, the sea bass, the bream salad with quails eggs, and the chicken I opten for the CHL spiced lamb meatballs that are served with a pitta and coleslaw. My friend had the CHL haloumi and vegetable.  And oh, what lamb meatballs they were. Ironically we had just been discussing lamb, and vegetarian diets, and I had explained as much as I love animals...I love lamb (nom nom, not pet pet). This lamb had SO much flavour. I had also asked for a side pot of the rhubarb chutney, rather cheekily, and they were more than happy to oblige. I couldn't actually taste the chutney with the lamb as that beautiful lamb meaty flavour was so overwhelming. But alone, or with some potatoes, the chtuney was also very unique and different. I've never had rhubarb in a savoury dish before, despite that is is a vegetable. It's this sort of quirky, never-tried-before, nature of The Outsider menu that I like.  The portion size was very hearty too (or Chunky as they describe it). Five huge meatballs, new potatoes, cherry tomatoes and spring onions, on a bed of salad. And a really kick-start coffee to follow. Pleasant surroundings, very pleasant conversation, a super pleasant waiter who had a 'thing' about saying 'baawwwwwllls' in a funny accent whenever he took my order and served my meal. It made me laugh.  For really lovely, fresh, seasonal and Scottish food in a very trendy, stylish yet not too pretentious restaurant, slap-bang in the middle of the Old Town, head in to The Outsider.
A great gem of a restaurant in the city centre. Really excellent (and for lunch great priced) food. The Outsider is upscale casual meets modern European at it's best. Sure it's a bit overly crowded (there probably should be 20% fewer tables), but the service is spot on the food was among the best I had whilst up in Edinburgh. Great location too right on George IV bridge.  As for what to order, the chunky healthy lines are massive, great if you are starving. I had the chili beef salad which was very well prepared and tasty. My friend's sea bass was elegantly presented.  Even though they charge extra for bread, it's worth the 90p splurge as the bread is freshly baked and really delicious. The lunch specials were all reasonable with most mains in the 6 to 8 pound range.  Next time I am definitely ordering one of their burgers. They look amazing!
So I came back here wanting to show my dining partner, whose first time it was to Auld Reekie, the best the city has to offer. In all my previous experiences, I loved that the Outsider doesn't toot its own trumpet too much but had excellent food, great ambience, and most of all the views from the castle.  So why, pray tell, have I taken down a star? Ok it pains me a little. The ambience was still spot on. It was dusk, the sun was setting, the candle light made it cosy. The waiting staff really were excellent, super friendly and with just the right amount of care and attention without being over-bearing or neglectful. We got our view by the window over the castle (when you go make sure you request it!) It was reasonably priced. And the food was still good, but it wasn't great.  Five stars are for when my socks are blown off, put back on and blown off again. Like, faultless. And I must admit the main I had was delicous but not the best prawns I've ever had. I had the chicken and king prawn thai skewers. They were really tasty, a huge portion too, with a novel pitta bread stuffed with beetroot coleslaw. But they lacked that chargrilled taste I'd hoped from skewers, and there were only two prawns on the whole two skewers, and they were a little mushy. Ok it's a small details. The rest was great. The bread and dip - yum. The side of mushrooms - yum. The side of garlic fries - a little underdone but yum.  The rest of the menu looked fantastic too! And I do love it here, and I will be back. But hopefully next time I'll be looking for my socks at least three tables away.
Happy Tourists!  Just in town for one afternoon/night, we came here on the recommendation of the Hotel Missoni bellman.  Great recommendation.  He suggested we come early for a table with view of Edinburgh Castle, and we were seated right near the window.  Delicious, crusty yet soft-centered bread with pesto for dipping. They have "lunch" specials till 5 p.m. We arrived just before that, not by design, and lingered over our drinks and dinner for nearly two hours, but didn't feel at all hurried by the waitstaff despite our prime window spot for two.  We squeezed in a lunch order of sea bass just before 5 to share as a starter (delicious) with a nice pinot grigio, then shared a dinner (because we weren't in a rush to decide, and so many things sounded good!) main course of puisson stuffed with couscous and accompanied by hand-cut chips, along with a side of risotto (not on the menu as a side item, but they accommodated us).  Very nice staff and ambiance, loved the view, and the food and wine were great. We didn't have dessert because we were too full, but the offerings sounded intriguing--figs, polenta cake, etc.  Lunch prices are very affordable--fresh sea bass for 7 pounds, for example.  If we get back to Edinburgh, we'll make a it a point to visit again.
Thanks to Jenny L. I took my parents here when they were in town for a couple of days and, man, this is impressive.  I begged the manager for a window-seat, claiming everything from far-sightedness, to parents-in-town, and managed to get it!  Let me tell you, sitting at the window at night overlooking the castle is a pretty damn cool way to convince your parents that you've picked the right city to live in.   Now, about the food: I had the salmon-beetroot salad and fries, and man, was it delicious. I don't know how they did it, but they'd infused the salmon with beetroots somehow, I forgot to ask, but it was the most delicious salmon salad I've ever had in my life. And that's saying a lot, since I used to live in Santa Monica, and Seattle (both having easy access to vast quantities of this delicous fishy). They combined it with watermelon, spinach, and various greens and it was just to-die-for. I know that both my parents enjoyed their meals so much that their plates were absolutely cleaned out.   Not only are these rather reasonable prices (mains from 11.00-19.00 pounds) the quality that you get for this price is absolutely insane. I'd definitely recommend this for a visit and I'm coming back again soon!
Every time I come here I eat something different, and it really does warrant a new review in and of itself. Read my previous reviews for a general sense of my adoration for this place: the hustle and bustle, the views, the central location, the ever-changing menu.  This review alone is for the burger.  Finally I got to try The Outsider burger. Despite that their menu changes frequently (so frequently, in fact, that it isn't listed on a website and the only way you know what you'll be having is by going there - something I rarely do being an online menu stalker). But regardless of what other dishes are on offer, the beef and chilli burger is always there.  When a very good friend came to visit after a years' absence, I took her here for a nice lunch. And we both got the burgers. Served on that wooden board that is *SO* hot right now, the burger itself was far too plump, juicy and tall to be eaten with your hands. As a result, I just ate the bottom layer of the bun with the burger itself, with fork and knife.  Oh my. What a burger that was. The cut of mince meat they used was fantastic, there was no trace of oil, grease or fattiness, no gristle at all. All pure mince, with mustard seeds, chilli and other delicious flavours strewn throughout the patty. Served with garlic butter on the bun, this wasn't ideal for me to be honest, and with garlic mayo on the bun. I prefer to add my own mayo. But hey, the burger itself was too good and I ate it anyway.  It came with fries and came to 7.50 Not bad, not bad at all. Definitely one of the far better burgers I've had in Edinburgh, but paying the same price as everywhere else. Normally I eat burgers in gastropubs, and as this is a restaurant, the quality and care in crafting the delicious orb of meaty goodness shows.   The only problem is, the other food they do here is so good I will be eternally torn between what to order next time.  If you want a really tasty burger, and want a nice restaurant place to go for lunch or dinner rather than a pub or diner, definitely seek this out. Yum.
The Outsider was the one restaurant that stood out from my two days in Edinburgh - and not in a good way. The food was expensive, but it wasn't even that good. The one thing that I really liked about this restaurant was the extremely comfortable booth. I think I could fall asleep amongst those pillows. Also kudos for using actual stick candles. As for the food, the portions were big, but the combination of flavors were confusing and all over the place.   For starters, we had the slow roasted pork belly, dauphinoise potatoes, buttered greens, and shallot gravy. It was better than my main course, which was a pan roasted cod fillet with salmon, chilli and coriander potato cake and a mussel salsa. The cake was very grainy and the cod was completely dried out and lacked acidity. It was one of the few times when I left food on the plate. One highlight from dinner was the olive oil that accompanied the bread.   I haven't tried much modern European cuisine, but if The Outsider was a good example, I don't think I am a fan.
Dear Outsider,  Today is Valentine's Day, and therefore a day to express your true feelings for those most special and dear to you in your life. And you, dear Outsider, hold that place in my heart.   Is it because of your 'playing-it-cool', nigh on playing 'hard-to-get' attitude with an exterior that gives nothing away, and almost an entire lack of your own name on your building? You're most modest it would seem.  Or is it that once you see past the grey, nonchalent exterior you find the most opulent, vibrant, welcoming and warm interiors, with some of the most gorgeous views over Edinburgh Castle?  Or is it because you are always new, never bored and staid and same-old. Your menu changes every time I am here. Always a surprise, a new twist and turn; something to thrill and delight. Like that pork cheek I had last night, and the baked figs with amaretti for sweet seconds. You popped my pork cheek cherry and I liked it.  Or is it most of all, because it's the little things that count, that your bathrooms are scented with a heady incense? I do like a good perfume.  That naked chick on the outside with the big bajongas isn't half bad either. But that's just being superficial.  You have not once let me down. Whether it's been for a mid-week lunch, a weekend date, a Sunday night family dinner; you always deliver. A reliable lover but one that always surprises, say you'll be mine?   Always and forever,  Jenny L
Informal yet classy, just like moi. Central location on George IV Bridge, reasonably priced food with a nicely balanced menu, stylish but comfortable interior . . . I really cannot find anything wrong with this place.  I try to divide my luncheon life between Treacle and the Outsider, with the occasional sidestep to Dogs or even a shimmy towards somewhere else, but pretty much these three places have it covered, depending on the end of town in which you find yourself.  If you're lucky they'll give you a table in the window with a view across the Old Town. Lovely spot to drink some wine and enjoy the food. I mostly go for lunch but when I've gone for dinner I always start with the large skewers which are good for sharing. Monkfish and bacon skewers are always popular. In fact the general mix of dishes makes it a great place to bring guests. It's always top of my list to recommend to visitors.  And would you Adam and Eve it but they possibly do the best burger in town. I always say I'm not going to get the burger as the place is too stylish to order such a dclass dish, but their chilli burger with gruyere cheese is fantastic.  I do have one gripe in that they don't have an online menu, or indeed a website (a cardinal sin in my book), but I forgive them. While the menu changes, I know the standards just about by heart. Well, it's not that difficult to memorise "Chilli burger and a beer, please. And can I have the table in the window?"
Tempted by the ever-changing menu specials, I finally came here on Valentine's day to satisfy my curiosity.  The atmosphere here is lovely, and the service doesn't lack. They have a nice, reasonably-priced wine list too.  I was put off by having to pay for an order of bread -- that's unheard of to an American -- but when it came I forgot about the piddling 1.30 or however much it was, because the bread was amazing. As was the olive oil they served with it. Really, really nice stuff.  Both of the mains my husband and I ordered were really delicious -- duck for me, pheasant for him -- but I would have liked a bit more mash and greens to round out the meal. I felt a bit hungry as we left. I don't think I'm greedy, I just eat a lot! We probably should have ordered appetizers but I didn't think we would need to, and I didn't want to drop 5 on an unimpressive dessert menu.  Overall -- a great place to take a date, with creative and tasty food.
In my 7 years of living in Edinburgh i had always been meaning to visit The Outsider but never quite got around to it, until this weekend. My Dad was visiting me and so took me out for lunch, perfect opportunity.  The staff were very friendly, if anything a little too laid back, but can't complain. The menu all sounded delicious and i opted for the salmon fishcake served with mussels (only 3 but still good) and a poached egg on top, i would definitely have this again. My Dad had an aubergine based dish which was also delicious and we shared a side of garlicky fries.  The feel of the restaurant is very contemporary and chilled out. Although it was pretty chilly in there so next time i might wrap up a bit.  To finish my Dad had a passion fruit tart with rhubarb, obviously i trid some then regretted not getting one myself. I had a cappuccino which was sprinkled with shaved chocolate, always a good sign in my book.  I will definitely be back here again soon! :)
Came in for dinner last week with a buddy of mine as I knew that it was a solid eaterie, plus his wife thing (she's lovely really) is allergic to (get this) apples, pears, strawberries, other berries, snozberries, most other fruit, tomatos, grapes (so no wine) and of course lactose. She can have Gluten and nuts which makes me think she might just be crazy. Her favourite meal in the world is pizza but it might kill her....  Anyway,  we had to find someone that wasn't too "tomato-ee" for her.  This was a good bet.  The chunky healthy lines made a great starter for me and man-friend, and a great main for wife-thing. The rustic bread and olive oil we got with it was delightful.   My mail was some coley and frankly a nicer piece of fish I have never had. My only slight complaint was that the salad and potato that came with it were a bit frugal. The piece of fish was a bit wee as well (if utterly delicious) which basically is a bit upsetting when a chunky healthy line is HUGE and cost 3 less!  Anyway it was a great experience. Staff were great and helpful and nice.  We enjoyed it and my mates wife didn't die.  Solid.
Pretty much any time someone asks me where they should eat in Edinburgh, I say The Outsider. For lunch, for dinner - it's perfect. The food's always great, the staff are lovely, and the venue is elegant and has great views over the rooftops to the castle. We sat at a window seat the first time we went, and I think it was love at first lunch - I've just hooked on the place ever since.   I've been there for work, with friends, with family - and regularly for lunch with Jason when we're in town. I'll confess I do order the mussels 98% of the time, because they're amazing, but I have tried other options and it's always good! At lunch there are specials, plus a list of eight-or-so regular options, all reasonably priced. In the evening, it's fun to start with the chunky skewers to share. And do get the bread and olives - giant, luscious olives and hefty chunks of bread.   I'm hungry now....
Had been wanting to try The Outsider for awhile (saw they could do gluten free) and after soaking up some culture after day 2 at the museum, I had the chance. The blackboard specials looked promising and the prices did too with many dishes priced between 6.80 and 8.00 at lunchtime.  I had hoped to get a table with a view over to the castle as I had my mum visiting but we had a table at the front which turned out to be fab! The window seats are uber comfortable with masses of pillows.  I had the mussels in a cream sauce with parmesan, bacon and onion and for a nice change they came with chips instead of bread. My mum (it was girly Jubilee weekend) had the pork belly in a red wine gravy with sweet potatoes and she said it was fabulous (I didn't try as I'm Gluten Free and wasn't sure it was safe).  Both were huge portions and we both loved our dishes. There were tons of mussels (only a couple closed) and the pail of chips seemed endless but fab with just the right amount of crispiness and some garlicky salt seasoning.  The Outsider was very busy - staff were friendly and seemed to cope. I would definitely return for dinner as the food is fab and drinks are reasonable (4 a glass if wine, 2.50 for coke) but this is a great place for a post museum lunch!
This restaurant has a casual yet sophisticated vibe to it. If you are lucky enough to get a seat near the windows you will have an amazing view of the Edinburgh castle.   Hubby and I went for an early dinner and were able to take advantage of a special for Duck confit with squash puree as well as a prawn and salmon salad. We also ordered a side of garlic fries which were really yummy. I found the rest of the menu a bit limited and would have probably rather tried the lunch offerings but we missed the service time for that.  Tip: if the pudding menu doesn't tickle your fancy head down the road to the Vittoria* Gelato/Ice cream window *Thanks to Jenny L. for the reminder on name of the place =)
The food tasted great, but my burger was more of a meatball than a patty. Eating it was a physical challenge which was a shame because it was so good when it finally engaged my taste buds. The service was so-so. I felt like the place was trying so hard to be hip that it was going to have an seizure. The details about it being very loud are not kidding. Do not go if you are looking for a quiet place to chat.
I find myself always slowing when I walk past this place as I used to be SO intrigued by it?! What looks like an apparently 'nameless' restaurant on George IV Bridge....... with a lovely chalk lunch menu outside and what looks like a lovely air-y space inside.  I ended up *finally* getting to go to the Outsider as a wee treat before leaving Edinburgh, and I gotta say it was the perfect choice!!! This place is elegant but laid back, the food has a good modern twist but it presented a little slap-dash and slightly rustic which I quite liked. The service is friendly and I found myself wishing I had come here more before leaving!  My Pigeon with Serrano Ham with a mix of beans and beetroot salsa was heavenly!!!? I only wish I had been a little more hungry and had some starter and dessert! From what I can gather the menu seems to change very frequently which I think is fab. I would definitely go again for dinner and I have heard that the lunch offer is ace!
Wining and Dining Castle view cannot be missed A date Anyone?
This place is a gem. Great space, great views, great service, great food, great prices.  We had a wonderful dinner. Started with olives with fresh baked breads and a rocket/parmesan/pine nut salad. Next, my wife had a skirt steak with chips (I think they were cooked in beef drippings...great flavor) and I had a mushroom, prosciutto and pea risotto. We finished with a chocolate/espresso pave and a chocolate pot with poached pear. Our dinner was accompanied by a very nice Montelpuciano (Note: the wine list is dominated by a very good selection of screw cap topped wines, and wine service consists of the bottle being set on your table -- fine by me). Everything was absolutely delicious, and the bill was only 65 pounds.  Oh yeah...As other reviewers have pointed out, this place is non-descript from the outside, so you could miss it...but that's what addresses are for. :-)
Came here for lunch twice in 2 days and would come tomorrow if I didn't have to go home to London. Excellent service coupled with high quality and varied dishes, wine and dessert. Ideal for a lunch date, first date or taking your granny out for a treat.
This restaurant was recommended by our hotel. It was our first night in Edinburgh and we were looking for a fun restaurant. We didn't have reservation but we were seated right away. The restaurant's ambience is very nice and lively. We were seated near the front door but I noticed that the better view is all the way in the back where you have a better view.  I noticed that the servers were all very busy and always in a hurry. I should have picked up on it that service will be very slow. And it was. It took awhile for our food to come out. We were going to order dessert and asked our waitress to bring us the menu. We waited and waited and didn't get the menu. So we just decided to ask for our bill so we can pay and get out of there.  The food was not good. My boyfriend ordered the skirt steak and I had the pork belly with scallops. There was hardly any flavor in both. The quality of the meat used in the skirt steak was poor. We found much better restaurants in the area.
One of Edinburgh great opinion-dividing restaurants, The Outsider is a love or hate place, as shown by the reviews, here. The view Edinburgh Castle is impressive, so it's a good daylight dining choice. The lunch is competitively priced. It's very popular, so a booking is required. But it all felt rather pass, to me, and both dishes that I had looked rather better than they tasted.  Overall, we said: "I didn't have a particularly strong reaction, for or against the place. My abiding impression was of a restaurant that was a well-worn favourite for many of its patrons, with all the positive and negative connotations that that brings. The owners and staff members know what they're doing, and they're very comfortable with delivering it, but it felt like a place that had been trapped in aspic for a little too long. But if it ain't broke, don't fix it, as they say, and based on the crowded restaurant they had, today, their model still strongly appeals."
A few months ago, when I was living in Edinburgh, I went to The Outsider for lunch after walking by and seeing their chalkboard menu from outside. Deciding that I liked both the price and the selection (and their kir royale drink special), I went in on a whim. It was a few minutes before noon, and the restaurant was very quiet. I ordered the kir royale I was hankering for, and a lentil and goat cheese salad. Shortly after, the restaurant began filling up with other patrons who also seemed to enjoy a lunchtime drink. The noise level rose, but not to an overwhelming level, and I was soon placated when my food came.   I admit that I've never had a better salad. There were perfectly cooked lentils, briny, creamy goat cheese bits, and delicious crunchy greens in a light vinaigrette. The kir royale was also lovely. I escaped with only an 12 pound bill, and decided that I would return soon.  Not one to break my word, I have returned two times since, once for the venison ravioli, which was a little bloodier tasting than I would have liked, and once for the baked gnocchi with pesto, which did not disappoint.   I would highly recommend The Outsider for lunch. Their lunch menu is reasonably priced, and the food quality is excellent.
Absolutely lovely.   The CHL (Chunky Healthy Lines) are where its at. The name (at first) threw me a bit. Chunky and Healthy? In a line? I do not understand. But with a bit of explanation I came to learn these were juicy, tender skewers of multiple varieties (I had the monkfish), accompanied by lovely sides (think sweet potato, pita with cabbage slaw, etc). Delightful, filling and...indeed, healthy!   Sides: roasted kale (with a kick, whew!) and the walnut apple salad (really nice).   The foggy mist created a "ghost castle" effect -- very beautiful view from the back of the restaurant's windows. The lighting and ambience are subtle, yet...perfect. Candlelit, clean rustic feel that is both contemporary and classic feeling at once. Comfortable. The din never too loud, but always cheerful. Tables turned all evening. The staff is gorgeous and competent.   Dessert: a fresh plum tart with spicy ginger ice cream. Heavenly   Not a missed step all evening, perhaps they could've upsold me another glass of Forge Mill rose (light and frivolous was the description -- indeed!) had they asked --- but this only allowed me to save room for an espresso martini, which propelled me through the rest of the evening, night and into the morning...as it turns out!   Will surely return when in the area -- a real treat.
This restaurant has always stopped me in my path, pulling me in to peer through the window. I don't know what it is about The Outsider but I'm glad I finally had the opportunity to eat here this week!   Boy it took me a while to decide on what to eat. I wanted everything! My chicken and prawn kebabs in a peanut and lime chili sauce accompanied by salad and apple and beetroot coleslaw tucked inside pitta bread from the Chunky Healthy Lines menu was sooo tasty  and filling!   I really shouldn't have had dessert but when I saw the tray with poached pear in plum sauce and pot of chocolate moose being carried to another table, I was having what she was having! It was heaven!  This is my new favourite restaurant. I love the decor and lighting, the staff are friendly and the menu offers reasonably priced, fantastic dishes! Now to work my way down the list of choices...
Had an awesome lunch for 3 on holiday in the UK at the end of March 2013.  Great garlic fries.  Wonderful mussels (plentiful and a nice broth).  Had a great pork loin dish that really hit the spot, my wife's pasta was superb.  Fresh ingredients, efficient service at the busiest time of the lunch rush, nice, hip, bustly and pleasant atmosphere.  Very reasonable prices at lunch, too.
I do not have a bad word to say about this lovely restaurant. I went there last night for my birthday dinner with my fiance and my dad and it was fantastic. The staff were friendly and efficient. The starters, mains and dessert were all delicious. I particularly enjoyed the polenta and rosemary biscuit that came with the poached pear and chocolate pot. The guinea fowl was lovely and tender and the chorizo and squid salad had a nice flavour. There was no loud obnoxious music and although the tables were quite close together, the high ceilings made it feel spacious and not claustrophobic. Good value for money. Would definitely go again.
Service was really quick and efficient. We had the duck and it was a bit tasteless. Beautiful location however we didn't get a table with a view. Had young families and old couples a like having dinner. Definitely worth having a look at as the area is lovely, in the Old Town.
Very decent food with fabulous atmosphere. Perhaps slightly over-minimalist, but that's not the end of the world. The food is good -- if not fabulous -- but nothings' bad at all.   The downside is really inconsistent portion size. Some of the meals will leave you hungry while others are seriously overstuffing.   Is it niggly? a bit, but the portion sizes are really varied -- some of the lunch mains should really be called starters.
Me encantan los restaurantes en los que no sabes muy bien qu vas a comer, porque la carta depende mucho de la temporada y cambia cada da. Al final, de lo que te entran ganas es de ir sin parar, sobre todo si la comida es tan buena como en el Outsider.   Yo com unos deliciosos gnocchi con parmesano que casi se me saltan las lgrimas, y la verdad es que nos pusieron un vino blanco que estaba espectacular. Me qued con ganas de probar el postre, pero nos dieron una mesa con una vista preciosa del castillo de Edimburgo que alimentaba cuerpo y mente.  Muy recomendable, y muy popular, as que se recomienda fervientemente reservar. Incluso para las noches de diario.
This was the second best meal that we had on our 31 day trip around the UK and Spain (the absolute best was the restaurant inside the Bilbao Guggenheim museum).  I suppose it's odd to start out with saying that this was a "second best" meal, because honestly, I still think about the fish I had at The Outsider--it was perfect!  It was both attractive and delicious and creative (there were sea vegetables decorating the outside of the dish that perfectly complimented the fish--and it was nice to look at).  My husband had the pigeon, which was also yummy, and we split a salad to start and the plum tart to finish.  We also had a wonderful view of the castle (and our waitress was nice enough to take a photo of us with the castle in the background).  We liked this restaurant so much that we were tempted to just eat here throughout our stay in Edinburgh.  Although we had other nice meals, this was, by far, the best in Edinburgh and the best meal we had in the 2 weeks we were in the UK (including time in London).
We stopped in here after reading up on the Yelp suggestions. The reviews we mixed and I'll admit our is as well. The chorizo and squid salad was good but we found it missing something. The squid didn't absorb the great taste of the chorizo. Too bad because the sausage is really tasty. My main was the lamb and feta balls. I really liked it but love the taste of lamb. Sandra was less of a fan. Her sea bass and scallops was good but lacked enough sauce to make it all the way through the meal. In the end, the tastes were really good but each meal was about 90% of perfect.
Great food, a nice vibe, and a staff that went out of their way to accomodate us - twice! First time we went and didn't have a reservation (recommended) but they fit us in at a very busy time. Next visit, we showed up on time but met up with 2 friends there who had a reservation for an hour later. Could they get us all in at the same time at the same table? Yes! Really liked the food and the presentation. The cheese with the crusty bread (app) was wonderful as were the olives.
I was looking for a restaurant reviewed by a Yelp friend when the clouds opened up and I ran into the nearest doorway only to find myself in The Outsider, the restaurant I was looking for in the first place.    The host was super friendly and seated me in the loft upstairs which boasts terrific views up the to castle.  I ordered grilled mackerel from the daily set menu.  It came with a rocket (arugula) salad and other nice, fresh veg.  I have been a little wary about mackerel in the past, expecting a strong, oily fish but this one was flavourful with a nice crispy skin.  Service from Ms. Emma was quick and friendly and I was able to enjoy my meal in less than an hour and get out to an early evening Fringe show.
Excellent food and great wine list,  Only let down by slight over cooking and waitstaff forgetting I wanted the dessert menu. I always want dessert.
Delicious food ! The specials change and are really unique and tasty. They say it's all local , which is great. Really nice atmosphere ! Potions aren't huge but great Great lunch prices and perfect size for lunch! Defiantly coming  back
This is a definite treat restaurant for me. Bigger prices, smaller portions, but I find that when food is this good you don't need as much to fill you up - every mouthful counts double.  It's stylish inside - chic yet welcoming, with a very cosy looking alcove for super-intimate celebrations. My friend and I came here on a special occasion and were delighted to be seated next to the window, looking directly across the rooftops of Edinburgh and onto the castle. The views only got more gorgeous as the sun went down.  Last time I was here a while ago, I ordered the gnocchi, then told my waiter I might go with the risotto instead. He confided that he thought I'd be better off sticking with the gnocchi, in his opinion. (I love it when wait-staff are happy to advise on the food!) Well, this time I bravely sallied forth and had the risotto, for comparison. The gnocchi had been delicious, but the red pepper and walnut risotto was actually more to my taste! Perhaps it was a little more punchy and obvious in the flavour, but that's right up my street, and the texture was perfect.  Our desserts had just arrived - plum tarte tatin with vanilla creme anglaise and ginger ice cream for my friend, vanilla and raspberry pannacotta with pistachio biscotti for me - when I blinked and everything got darker. Oh no! A power cut!  Actually, it was sort of lovely to have a candlelit dinner and the restaurant looked stunning in the low light. However, we'd been there since six o'clock. The poor people who had only arrived for 7 or 7:30 were shortly to be informed that no more food could be served.  The waiting staff immediately set about the task. Our waitress had been a cheery delight right from the off - we'd commented to each other on it right away - and now was exactly the same as she went around each of her tables in turn, explaining the situation apologetically and totting up bills with her iPhone. Almost everybody responded with equal warmth and moved on perfectly happily. I do hope nobody was unkind to the staff since it wasn't their fault at all.  She came to us last, which we were perfectly fine with, since we'd been fortunate enough to actually have our full meal (at one point I heard her say to a table she'd just dealt with, "Now then, where shall I go next? Who looks angriest?"). To our amazement, despite what must have been a nightmare evening for her, she'd also remembered everything we'd had. She even knocked our teas off the bill as an apology for the circumstances - which was lovely, although not necessary. My friend summed it up as we left: "I don't think I've had such a fun night in ages!"  So if you go to The Outsider, obviously you can't expect a power cut. But you can expect obscenely good food, a beautiful setting, and superhero service from start to finish regardless of the situation.
After moving to Edinburgh, I had heard so many great things about the Outsider that it stood out in my mind as an alluring, perfect restaurant with a great atmosphere, stunning views, friendly staff, and outstanding food. With building suspense, I visited the Outsider for the first time tonight with my boyfriend and my parents, and it fully lived up to my expectations!   I had the grilled monkfish skewers with rolled bacon and grape tomatoes, with salad and a fantastic beetroot coleslaw (I'm not usually a slaw person but this was amazing). My mother's salmon was perfect and plentiful, grilled with sweet beetroot and piled high with a salad. My boyfriend liked his porkbelly with scallops, and my father liked his mackerel (although the mackerel was a bit of a small portion compared to the other dishes, we had more than enough food with plenty of salmon and monkfish). We had a candle-lit table by the window with fantastic views of the castle and a lovely dinner together here!  Although a treat and a bit more expensive than I would spend on everyday meals, they were absolutely delicious and also had great lunch / early evening deals (6.50) lasting until 7pm for those with tighter budgets.
The Outsider is a place that you plan to go to, not simply walk by and stop in. And this is for good reason. The food is excellent. This was the second lunch here for my wife and me. Our first time we had just walked in, and had to wait a bit for a table. This time we took the wisdom to phone ahead for a reservation.   As you'll read in many of the reviews, The Outsider is a modern restaurant with chic interior and great views of the castle and the Old Town. This contrast in decor and the historical surroundings gives you a feeling almost as if you have travelled from a medieval city into a cosmopolitan restaurant of the future. However, while many of the 'restaurants' within a stone's throw of the castle serve up steak pie, balmoral chicken and fish and chips (all of which I love at the appropriate time), The Outsider focuses more on a Renaissance of the taste buds rather than traditional Scottish fare.   The wife and I have been highly attracted to the lunch menu prices. A meal and a drink for two would only just push you over the 20 mark. In fact, without drinks, you can eat for just under 15, even with a starter. And when you compare that to other restaurants considered to be more affordable at lunch time, then I think I'll pay a 1 or 2 quid more and have a much better meal.   Each time we have been here the restaurant has 3 specials served 12-7pm added onto the regular lunch menu served 12-5pm. My philosophy is that if one of the specials appears rather appealing, then I'll have that and try a regular menu choice later. I did that again this time and  the duck special with Parmesan mash potatoes, purple broccoli and black pudding, drizzled in a very tasty sort of creamy raspberry sauce. It was really good. If I was a better writer I would describe it in bigger words ;)   While I would say that the food and decor were excellent, I was slightly less impressed with the service, and I do mean ever so slightly. The staff are very friendly, don't get me wrong. The two times I have been here we have had servers who spoke fluent english, but, however, they had problems explaining what things were on the menu. In fact our most recent server had to go ask what some of the items were on the regular menu. I feel like any staff at a restaurant should be able to describe and explain exactly what a dish is and what is in it.   If you're planning an afternoon in Edinburgh, then you should definitely stop here for lunch, especially instead of any of the other well spoken of restaurants even on the same street.
What a lovely restaurant recommended by our B&B. Meals are made from scratch with fresh local ingredients.  The place is in an unmarked building with a bicycle in front. Make sure you make reservations. The restaurant gets quite busy. We were only able to walk in to get a table because we arrived really early in the evening. We were put in the front in a comfy window booth. It felt private yet we still could see the rest of the restaurant. I think they have tables in the back with a spectacular view. Request one of those. I really enjoyed my mussel appetizer. My Pedro Ximeniez and dessert sampler were standouts as well. Eat here. You won't regret it.
Great place to eat with nice views of Edinburgh Castle. Nice atmosphere with candles in each table. Not many options for vegetarians (4 mains only).
The outsider is a pretty trendy restaurant situated on George Aye Vee Bridge. Pretty trendy, but never style over substance by the looks of things. From one visit I deduce they have a competitively priced guest wine of the day, pencilled into the list much like a food special (has anyone been two days in a row to verify if this is legit?!). The evening I went it was a lovely Viognier, a carafe of which was expertly and effortlessly dispatched.  But I'm getting slightly ahead of myself...   Considering that the booking was made a generous two-an'-an-odd-bit weeks ahead, and that they have tables with castle views, we were really disappointed to be tucked away at a dinky little table in the corner of the mezzanine level. Butted up against the wall, our view consisted of the diners downstairs through a glass partition.  I had a starter of portabello mushroom with an exotic cheese I hadn't heard of (and neither had the waitress, but who other than that was knowledgeable and attentive). It was OK, the mushroom had been fired directly on the hob presumably and at any rate tasted a little of gas.  My main of roast lamb however was absolutely gorgeous. Caramelised on the outside, melt-in-the-mouth on the inside (pretty pink mind, but that was fine by me). The accompaniments were spot on too.  The way they've done the menu is quirky but not sure I would go as far as to label this place an 'outsider' of the trade. But for gastronauts or those out to impress a date it is definitely worth a visit.
Lovely restaurant. Been here a fair few times over the past few years and it's always been great.  Getting a table with a view of the castle is well worth it if you can.  The staff are really nice and very accommodating.  I remember the first time I went they had homemade gnocchi with cavolo nero, which was just perfection (as great as all the other dishes have been, they've not quite hit the mark as that one did...)
15-16 George IV Bridge, EH1 1EE. Lamb rump with the perfect au jus and duck leg with wilted greens and pumpkin; seasonal, juicy, and always busy (reserve a table ahead of time if you can + 0131 226 3131). It is one of those places that does not advertise (no website), but delightfully romantic and lively atmosphere with real wax candles dripping from wooden blocks and the most delicious chunky bread to start from a bakery called DoughReMi.  Emily Rose Reeder
Friendly service, creative menu and delicious dessert. Really happy we stopped in for dinner and would highly recommend anyone checking it out who enjoys unique food and a great ambiance.
Damn this place has it GOIN ON for lunch! I've been backpacking around Europe for the better part of a month and this is easily the best meal I've had. Definitely a big emphasis on fresh modern fare which I enjoyed, and the price point for lunch is spot on. Spent like 12 for an entree (chicken, hella bomb), bread (pretty good frickin bread I might add), and wine which is INSANE for the UK. I spent the same amount for a pint and some s***** fish and chips down the road. A must visit if you're comin thru Eburgh. Absolutely going there again for lunch tomorrow
Table was booked for 9.30, arrived to be told our table was not ready and we would have to stay next to the door until it was (there is no bar). We get our table at 9.45, menus are already there. 10 o'clock we order, to only then be told this that and the other are off the menu, no starter for me then. At this point we make sure to tell our server our last train is at 11.30 and we cannot miss it.   We place the order and for 20 minutes we wait, wine in hand. Our server approaches the table to apologise that there will be a further delay before my date gets his starter, only for it to appear in the hands of another server while she's still talking, where is the communication between kitchen and servers??  The starter was very nice, or so I was told, not exactly as described on the menu, but it tasted nice nonetheless.   10.50 our main courses arrive (remember our train is at 11.30 and it's a 10-15 min walk to the station). One plate of sea bass, one of sea bream... Only problem is I ordered the duck...  "I'm very sorry sir, I have no idea how this happened." Again, where is the communication with the kitchen? Oh yes, we were duly informed the kitchen is 3 floors above like this somehow would explain everything!! What would I like instead? Well the only non fish item left is the pork, so I'll go with that.   The kitchen promises it will be ready in 6 minutes... and we'll order you a taxi to the station.   11.10 my pork arrives (by which time my other half has finished his fish, so it might as well have been two separate meals). Along with my main comes the promise of the taxi in 10 mins, the bill right away (I can't even finish eating before paying for it) and 'do you have coats?'  The bill arrives, everything is in it, even the pork that I didn't really want and have just wolfed down, and no mention of the taxi being complimentary. A few stern words with the manager later and the pork is off the bill, but still the taxi to pay for. Off we rush, getting on the train with 5 minutes to spare.   Now, where was that dessert menu?
I tried this place for the first time at lunch on a busy friday (graduation day) and was very impressed. The lunch menu is very reasonably priced, the food is fresh and exciting, the staff are professional, efficient, friendly (not to mention all incredibly easy on the eye), and it's jut a great space to relax in with some great views of the city if you're near the back of the restaurant. Make sure you order a side of olives, these were hands-down the best olives I have ever eaten. To cap it all off they make fantastic coffee - it's remarkable to me how many places will get everything right with the food only to ruin it at the end with a bad coffee but these guys nailed it. Will most definitely be back.
rowdy n' raucous bar heaving with kids. hurling distance from the grassmarket. not-so-faint aroma of vomit permeates. it's a "must" stop on any drunken pub crawl of the grassmarket area. much quieter during the week, though.
I won't attempt to review all of the pubs I drank at in Edinburgh (pub crawls are truly a glorious thing!) but I thought I'd make an effort to review the pub I had the most fun at.  On a cab drivers recommendation I added the Three Sisters as a stop on our pub crawl through the grassmarket area for a bachelor party. Three Sisters definitely didn't disappoint - it was packed with people, and there were quite a few other bachelor/bachelorette parties there as well. The place had a very friendly (although pretty drunken) vibe and had a dance floor inside as well as an outside area for the smokers. Even though the place was packed, there were enough bartenders so the time waiting for a drink was kept at a minimum.  I would definitely recommend this place for any visitor looking for a fun, drunken night. The bathrooms are absolutely disgusting though.
On occasion I have gone to The Three Sisters and it has been dead, other times you can barely move. Usually during the week its pretty empty with only a few guys watching the football or having something to eat.  The actual bar is quite nice with big tables and a large outside seating area with patio heaters and umbrellas. Crucial in this climate! Usually in the summer it is jam packed as they have screens outside with football/rugby on and a BBQ going.   By the time it gets to about 9 o'clock on the weekend this bar can be horrendous. Horrendous in a full of pub crawls/stag and hen dos sort of way. This seems to be the hot spot for these groups so as you can imagine it can get very rowdy with the odd fight or two and someone throwing up in the corner. I personally do not enjoy bars like this, too much pink cowboy hats and 'lads on tour' going on for me.   I have been to The Three Sisters and had a good time, more often than not you will make a friend from Australia while sharing a table outside so it can be fun. But lately I bypass it because from the outside it looks like its brimming with lager louts and incredibly drunk students.
I've been here a few times as part of pub crawls or staff nights out. I always think it's a decent enough place, but actually it's quite over-priced and not good value for money! the drinks are quite expensive - I was 4 for a Gin and Tonic (single!) and the food wasn't anything special - my lasagne was cold and the 'salad' was a lettuce leaf.  It gets really busy at the weekends and during sport events, the bug screen outside is a nice touch. Not for me though!
My night spent in the Three Sisters took on two very distinct, and very different characteristics.  Lets start with the good part of the night. A fine summers evening had drawn us to the huge outdoor seating area of the Three Sisters, and as my friends bought the drinks and a Three Sisters BBQ blazed in the corner, I had an excellent time. The atmosphere was great and generally I had a very large amount of fun.   However, then the second half happened - it was getting busier and attracted a hen party and a seperate stag party, which generally ruined the chilled, relaxed and fun vibe that we had before. The night was also growing colder so we moved indoors - well, I say moved, i mean we jammed ourselves inside bearly able to move in a hot mass of drunken people. I attempted to buy a drink next, and after waiting for nearly 10 mins, a round for 3 people came to almost 25 - extorsionate.  So there you have it - get there early and you will have a great time, get there after everybody else does, and you might not want to come here again.
The Three Sister's spacious courtyard, plentiful outdoor seating and heaters are primed and ready for watching big sporting events.  An immense viewing screen creates ample opportunity for you to huddle around  a table with mates and watch a sporting event without the need to stare at the back of some brute's head all night.  Beer and alcohol in general are all standard with regards to quality and cost, so nothing special in that regard.
The Three Sisters is a large pub situated on the end of the Cowgate which can accommodate a variety of social functions.  I has an upstairs room in which live music and comedy shows are held, a small dance-floor downstairs and a courtyard which acts as a smoking area as well as a beer garden in summer.  Further, large screens are used for showing big sporting events which usually attract large crowds.   Depending on what one wants out of a Saturday night out The Three Sisters may or may not be the ideal venue to begin or spend it in.  It is often used as the site of Stag and Hen parties and, therefore, if your looking for a quiet drink and catchup with your friends this probably isn't the place.  On the other hand, if your feeling young and wild this is an ideal place to start the night as its lively, drinks are reasonably priced and service is sufficient for coping with the numbers who flock to its bars on Friday and Saturday nights.  I've been to The Three Sisters several times and always enjoyed myself, however, the atmosphere isn't quite as bustling or friendly as I'd like it to be.
This place can be a great night, or can make for a bad night. The people at Three Sister's are generally pretty rude and pushy hence the bad night. That being said the venue is great, big picnic style seating outside, large dance floors inside. Due to the crowd this usually becomes a one drink stop for friends and I, but have had the occasional good time.   St. Patrick's day was one of those good nights. Go expecting a crowd on weekends or game-nights. Definitely a hit-or-miss kind of deal.
I only ever came here once in my freshman year and doubt I will be rushing back anytime soon. It was supposed to be part of a student pub crawl and when we arrived at the three sisters they seemed really lost about what it was on about or the drink deals we had been promised. To add to this, the bartenders were extremely rude to us, got our drinks wrong and we had to pay more than we thought we should. To sum up we didn't stay long. Apparently we weren't the only ones treated this way either.   Apparently it's a place to watch footie or rugby matches at. It's over-commercialised which I think has damaged it quite a bit. Despite the ideal layout and building I strongly advise visitors of the City to try their luck elsewhere, as there are plenty of places with a much more welcoming atmosphere.
Since Three Sisters opened, I have had absolutely no compunction to walk through their doors. There is absolutely no reason, I felt, to come in here - a non descript generic bar with no defining qualities to make me feel at home here. Too big, too many chavs.   Well, now I have to take all of that back, because I spent a long time getting quite quite hammered and watching fringe shows here last Monday. It was open late, served me alcohol long past when I deserved to still be drinking, and had an open courtyard where I could sit in the pouring rain talking to cute boys. I think in terms of pubs, I still prefer small and cozy over big and grandiose, but I see the Three Sisters in a new, warmer, more welcoming light than my prior judiciousness.
Rugby, or in fact sports in general, packed with hen and stag nights, packed with people in general, memories of getting ID'd here constantly when I was younger...this all adds up to a pub experience that makes me slightly grumpy and impatient. Not so much the packed with people element, because I don't want to sound too middle aged, and a lot of my favourite drinking establishments are always rammed, I think it's just the lairy sports plus pints plus swilling them everywhere plus a general lads, lads, lads atmosphere that makes me feel like I need to go and sniff some perfume or look at something pink, just to feel a bit girly again.  The good features of The Three Sisters are as follows...it has the advantage of a large courtyard, so if there's decent weather, you've got the facilities to sit outside and banter away, which feels a bit more holiday-esque than usual. There are also sometimes BBQs here, which is a bonus. It's completely unpretentious, down to earth banter, and if you're into sport, you're in for some good times.
The Three Sisters should be really good; it's central, it's massive, it's got a huge beer garden, and they have a good range of beers at the bar. But it never quite lives up to this, and is overall a pretty average place. The interior is really dark, to the point that it's a hassle to walk anywhere, you have to kind of feel your way towards things. Also for the size, there a remarkably few seats, meaning you spend the vast majority of your time standing about, which is always a bit of a pain. The worst part of it though are the people that go in there. It's always full of chavs and on a weekend you feel like any minute a mass brawl is going to break out. It can be quite intimidating, and there's always a bit of anger just simmering under the surface.  It does have its good points though. The bar sells a good range of beers, wines and ciders as well as all the major spirits. The garden is probably the best feature, it is absolutely massive for a pub. During the summer it's a really good place to have a few drinks outside, or sometimes there's a big screen showing sports. At the moment (during the festival) they have a Crabbies garden in there as well, which is always a good thing in my book.
Never seen any pub quite like this one. Our group was drawn in by the outdoor patio for dancing. Very spacious and you will get plenty of air! Finally a place to dance without a roof and no stuffy air.   There were plenty of people here and the mood was high energy. The drinks are little pricey but we didn't pay cover to get in so it balanced out.
Pretty cool spot.  Very dark up in there.  The beer garden area was cool.  The DJ played a good mix of music.  Even through on some Westcoast rap while I was there.   Don't get the Rum and coke.. it was no bueno.. .Lot of folks on the dance floor. I had time with my friends.  Jager bombs were the death of me.  :P
I can't count how many times I went here with friends while a Student at Napier College.  It was a great place to go as if you did not like the music in one room you could go to another.  It was a fun dance club and hot spot.  If you want to hit the floor with a mass of friends this is the place to go.  I would not go expecting a pub, I always considered it a dance hall.
Best described as a hole. The downstairs bar has always been one of the city's busier establishments but last night I was directed upstairs for the first time as every man & his dog was out pretending to have Irish connections (myself included).    Thus I discovered the sticky floored delight of Maggie's Chambers. Do they not employ cleaners with mops or do they soak those mops in booze rather than soap & water? The toilets are wholly inadequate for the size of the potential crowd in the place & 18+ for 5 Jagerbombs (albeit with a free coke thrown in) is ludicrous. Paradoxically the music was probably the best I heard all night but otherwise there's absolutely no reason to give this place any business.
Jumped in here to see one of the shows on at the fringe and enjoyed a relaxed drink beforehand with no hassles.  Reasonably priced with a decent food menu I regrettably didn't have the time to try out. It included champ! You don't get that everywhere.  Huge outdoor seating section which is nice, poorly lit inside with a few bars and a labyrinth of different little 'venue' type places inside I suspect get used for clubbing?  A nice enough place in a dingy part of the city centre where you can park yer bum comfortably.
If you are looking for a pub where you can get a quiet drink, this isn't it.  I know I shouldn't like it, but I love to go dancing and that's why I like it.  They play a variety of music, most importantly music I can dance to.  The drinks are a bit pricey and there isn't a lot of seating inside, but I do like the large outdoor area.  When you need a bit of breathing room, you can just head outside.  Yes, it is a magnet for hen/stag parties, but never been there when things have kicked off, although I think hen/stag parties are always entertaining to watch... from a distance... and that's why the large outside area comes in handy.  Never had to wait very long for drinks as the staff seem to be on top of it.
Ok, when I was politely asked by my friend if we could nip in here when she came through to visit I was powerless to say no. Not because I was massively eager to go here, but because I hate saying no to my friends!  We turned up here around 4ish on a Wednesday afternoon to find it was shut until five. Alright, that's acceptable, it is January. So we went on to Oz Bar had a drink there and returned around 5ish when it opened. Needless to say, we were the only people there! BUT I like this bar, it reminds me very much of Waxy O'Connors in Glasgow, except much more reasonably priced drinks. It is kinda dark and dingy inside, kinda like a generic Irish bar, but I quite like that, gives it something resembling an atmosphere. And this place is huge! Plenty of room for moving around if it is a little crowded.  So, the staff were fine. The chap serving us was very nice, got us drinks but it did take a little while before all the cutlery and menus etc were put out on the table. Think this might be because they were setting up for a private function, but we were in no rush. The menu - if you don't like pizza or burgers you are kinda a little shafted. It was definitely not the sort of food I was expecting, it was better. I ended up plumping for the Godfella, a burger with pepperoni, sundried balsamic tomatoes and little balls of mozzarella. Yet again, I was not setting the bar too high, I mean, Holyrood 9a anyone!? This burger was immense. I mean really delicious. Plus they had a deal on for January, get any main meal and get the second for 1p. Hells yes I will.  So basically, we had two burgers, and 4 drinks. Less than twenty squidders. Boom. I want another one of those burgers NOW.
I feel old. Very, very old.  Look, this is actually one of the nicer bars in this area of old town. It's clean, spacious, with enough seating and my legginess-problem is not a problem in this bar, at all.  What's to whine? Well, I feel so old. I don't do shots, well, not unless it's at a Yelp event, and I don't drink that much. When I go and have a drink somewhere with a group, I want to be able to understand them. At 7pm on a Thursday, apparently the music needed to be of the ear-deafening variety. To the point where I had to shout sitting at a table, next to someone, in order for them to understand me. I thought that was quite unnecessary.  I find it difficult to pinpoint what was so off-putting about this place. The staff are indeed friendly, the place is clean, spacious, but I'm not a major drinker. And somehow this bar gives the vibe of "must get smashed gaaaah". Not something that's very appealing to me. Maybe I should try it for a burger, as Jenny did, with some friends when the music is less loud. Or maybe, just maybe, this isn't for me.  I'll take my 26-going-on-62 year old self elsewhere.
You've got to give The Three Sisters credit for being so brash and brazen about what they are: a sports bar, a students bar, a stag and hen party bar, a cheap-and-cheerful student-deals bar, a really big bar with ample room for huge groups, a friendly and welcoming bar but not in the 'local' type of way. Not the sort of place to get cosy, or comfy, or make your regular haunt. Definitely the sort of place to come with a large group for a messy one that most likely includes jaeger bombs.  In fact, when I came here around 6pm on a Friday I was actually a bit shocked to see folk already ordering rounds of 10 sambuca shots. At 6pm. Jeez that made me feel like a lightweight.  I was lured here by the promise of Gourmet Burgers. A wee peek at the menu online confirmed that they did have some good options, and with a student card that could be purchased for 3 it was 2-4-1. The burger *was* quite good. Not as good as other places, that I would class gastropub. Three Sisters isn't a Gastropub. But for what it is, the burgers were nice. And the chips were especially nom-able, but don't come included in the price of the burger (a wee stickler).  As soon as we'd finished our burger, we moved on. Luckily there's a lot of great bars in the area (two doors down, a certain brewery of the dog variety).  I did enjoy the burger, and the company of my lovely friend of course. But I immediately felt out of place here. I think it's definitely subjective. This isn't a bad bar, per se. The staff were friendly, it was clean, there was a 'happy' vibe although maybe later in the night it could get messy, but it just wasn't very 'me'. Good for large groups, students, stag parties, sports groups. Oh and as Joey A would put it, it was a bit of a 'sausage fest' (whole lotta large groups of men).
I spent 2 nights here at the three sisters. On the outside, you get the atmosphere of that similar to a beer garden on the East coast. Everybody is loud with excitement and plenty of beer to go around. As you continue walking, it takes you downstairs toward the DJ and a few bars, which gives a more dancing feel for the place. The first night (Friday) we were there, the DJ was playing request, which I thought was pretty cool. He played a few bangers in his mix, but he also played some outdated Destiny's Child. Although, you can't take away from the drunkies who love that music, you also have to play more of the new for those who actually enjoy getting their 2-step on. The 2nd night I was there was a bit of the same from the 1st night. The music just wasn't doing it for me as the DJ was now playing some end of the night closers that you usually hear as places close down. You really can't complain if you're walking into the place for free, the drinks are a bit pricey but for a bar with a great atmosphere you need to check it out. There are plenty of other bars/clubs in the area that play more of the dancing type music if you're looking for that
My friends and I greatly enjoy this place!!  We came here for the moonlight beach party, the free comedy shows for the Edinburgh Festival (Which were so awesome!) and a few times for a drink.  When we were there to dance, the music was played in reverse chronology, so you start with current music and move backwards to 90s and 80s...etc. It is fun, especially if you've been alive for more than 2 decades... 0_0  If you're feeling a little stuffy after dancing, step out with a drink for fresh air at their open air sitting area. Their burgers are aromatic and will certainly seduce you.
Nice atmosphere, good drinks, fair prices and nice music.  In my opinion, a place you must have seen
It's a fun pub, usually full of hen and stag parties.  It's probably more expensive than what you would normally find on Cowgate but definitely rowdier and more "loose" than what you would find on Grassmarket.
Random stroll through a dark alley way led me to this club! Because it was my first time out at a club in Edinburgh I didnt know what to expect.  But first off, living in NY and seeing a doorman, you immediate fall upon your best behavior, shlep on a coat of lip gloss and keep your fingers crossed that you get in without a pat down.... well, nothing, absolutely nothing but a smile from a ....no joking you now...a 6'7" beast of a man with the friendliest smile and hands that look like he pops rugby balls clear across football fields... so we  get in and its a simple no frills bar, just a place where everyone goes to just have fun! and that is exactly what it was! FUNNNNNNNN! I danced wherever I stood without a dance floor and was totally accepted by the crowd.  Everyone is there to just have fun...saw a man in a bunny outfit being tossed around by his friends and girls on a hen gathering wearing what I would normally see in Hawaii my hometown, tank tops and shorts in 40 degree weather.  Gosh I felt young for a night! Love this place would suggest it to anyone who is wanting to just have fun and dance, drink and mingle! Dont come here with an attitude ...park it outside ;)
Toby Carvery is the great British meat eaters wet dream.   The main idea with this restaurant is the roast dinner buffet. This means you get a plate, the nice chef man carves some meat (Gammon, Beef, Turkey, Ham etc) onto your plate with a Yorkshire pudding or two. Then you shuffle along and help yourself to as much veg as your heart desires. Then there is different gravy's and sauces to finish it all off. Its a great idea and it will definitely fill you up. For this reason I haven't sampled the starters or desserts because I usually end up being rolled out the place. But the sundaes for dessert do look delicious.   It is a really family friendly place, so bring everyone along and enjoy a nice meal. It does get rather busy, especially on Sundays.
There used to be Toby Carvery restaurants in practically every city, but since the late 90s, the British diet has moved away from the traditional Sunday roast to things like sushi, hummus and noodles drowned in sickly sweet chilli sauce.  The traditional roast may be gasping for air these days, but the Toby on the way to Corstorphine manages to at least keep it on life support. Big slices of gammon, pork, turkey or beef, Yorkshire puddings, and vegetables piled high.  My dislike of gravy prevents me from getting the full experience, but I do not bad by dowsing the meat in salt instead. The surroundings feel a bit tired and to some extent, borderline depressing, but full marks for providing a carnivorous feast of a style so rarely found in modern restaurants.
Me and my family arent a 'Sunday Roast' type of family. We would rather sit around and eat something a bit different, or   Toby Cavery however, is somewhere that I could eat a sunday roast any day of the week - and I'm sure many people do. I'm not going to explain the whole process again, because I'm sure you have read it in all of the other reviews - but instead I'm going to focus upon what the actual food is like. The meat is always brilliantly cooked, and while you cant go back for more meat, you do get a decent sized portion. You can go back for as many vegetables as you want - and they are all pretty decent - not maybe the best tasting vegetables I have ever tasted, but nice enough.  The sweets (if you can fit one in afterwards) are pretty decent as well - although I have never actually finished on. A case of my eyes being bigger than my stomach I feel.  The pubs themselves are a bit dark and old mannish, but for what they do they are decent enough and cheap. Excellent really.
Excellent value for money considering the size of food portions you get/give yourself and the price of alcohol (I know it's part of a chain and so that makes some difference to purchasing power in that regard but managing to be 1.55 cheaper for Tennent's, let alone imported lagers, is still no mean feat). Service definitely comes with a smile and I second the cleanliness of the place noted by an earlier reviewer.    Well worth the 15 minute bus trip from the centre of town either as an end in itself or as a cheap and pleasant start to a longer session.
Love this place!  Yes, it's the UK version of an Old Country Buffet but it's awesome food.  There's one across the street from the flat we stay at while in Edinburgh and we usually wind up having dinner here at least once per visit.  R's sister and her boyfriend, whose flat it is that we stay at while in Edinburgh really like it here so we usually take them here for dinner as a way of sayings thanks for putting us up.  My only complaint is that I think they skimp on the meat, but the veggie side options are a delicious way to fill up.  I had my first Yorkshire pudding (surprising it took me so long to have one considering how often I'm in the UK) when we were last over in October and I loved it!  We always wind up ordering dessert and it's always struggle to get it down but it's a wonderful way to end your meal!  We're headed back to Bonnie Scotland in exactly 7 days and I'm excited that a trip to the carvery is on the agenda!  P.S.  Tennants on draught.  Yesssss!
I'm giving full marks as I'm a veggie and I love it (obviously minus the meat). So I presume the meat is fabby too. Great atmosphere.
I need to confess, I'm not a carvery kinda guy...at least I never used to be. That is until I experienced the Toby Carvery. Greeted at the bar by a very friendly publican, escorted to a table by an enthusiastic waitress and presented with the various options available to us for our meal, namely pub a la carte or of course, carvery. Carvery was the name of the game that night and we were presented with roast beef, turkey and gammon and as much roast and steamed veggies, Yorkshire pudding and gravy you could assemble on your plate. The meat was not dry and tough as feared, but juicy and delicious and accompaniments up to scratch. If critical the chef carving the meat could gave been a little less frugal with his slicing, but hey, I'm a guy and would of course prefer my plate to be 80% meat and 20% rabbit food! As far as carvery's go, this one is a winner!
For Scottish food I guess this place was alright. I enjoyed their buffet, mix of meats, vegetables, and fried things I've long since forgotten.  I have to say it tasted quite well.  The setting was just like an old fashion US restaurant chain, but with a lot more beer everywhere.  Before I forget the beer selection was great and you get a big bang for your pound if I remember correctly.  If you're ever next to one and hungry, swing by and check them out.  Oh on a separate note the Scottish are very friendly people if you can understand what in the hell they're trying to say.
Mmm, 5.99 for a plate full of delicious Sunday roast. And it's not even Sunday! Cheeky? Of course it is but go along and fill your plate and you'll be sure to have a lovely meal. The yorkshire puddings are massive - a delight! Don't forget the gravy! 3 stars only because I'm not the biggest meat eater and I'd prefer an Italian but if you love a traditional dinner, you'll love the Toby Carvery.
Been for lunch this afternoon with friends had a great meal
I absolutely love everything about this place.  From the great pub area to the delicious food, including wild gammon and meats, with the never-ending sides including pudding and roasted vegetables.   I cannot wait to return!
FANTASTIC food, atmosphere, wine, staff, everything.  Very psyched to find a fine dining restaurant in my hood that is pretty affordable. You can get two course dinner for ten pounds from monday to thursday, there is a pre-theatre menu, a two or three course lunch menu and the regular dinner menu is amazing.  We had the scallops starter and the black pudding/haggis starter-  fabulous, both of them, with beautiful presentation.  For entrees we had the halibut/scallop/languistine with a fantastic lobsters butter and the rack of lamb- PERFECTLY cooked, followed by sticky toffee pudding and a beautiful mix of fruit.   The restaurant has beautiful artwork, an run by a husband and wife. i hugely recommend it to both locals and visitors.  a rare find.
WARNING: Dont be fooled if, when walking into Hewat's, you think you have wandered into the worlds smallest restaurant - there are plenty more seats around the corner, you just cant see them.That said however, try and book for Hewat's, as it is a very good restaurant, and does fill up quickly.  Warning aside, Hewat's restaurant is an exceptional place for a meal, hidden in the Newingtona area of Edinburgh. The decor is minimalistic creams and dark woods, and the staff, with the exception of one waitress who looked very annoyed with her customers, are lovely people.  However, it is of course the food that draws the customers, and it really is exceptional - a blend of scottish and french classics that really are something special.   Hewat's is a slightly more expensive dining experience, however, they do offer an excellent deal of 'Dine for a Tenner', which is extraordinary and still high quality food.
This place really is amazing! It's a decent sized, stylish and contemporary restaurant in Newington which has friendly service and a great menu.  I went for their two courses for 10 menu which was delicious and incredible value.  I went for the cullen skink starter followed by the beef stroganoff with rice.  They both seemed to take no time to arrive, despite the how busy the restaurant was, and were served in good, filling portions.   Their other menus are a bit more expensive (by about 5), but they have a great range of fresh and locally sourced fish and steak to choose from. Hewat's is a well priced place to hit for a meal, and one which offers plenty of choice, tasty food and good service.
An excellent restaurant. It doesn't really seem like anything special from the outside and yet it was a very special surprise.   I was taken here by our supervisor and we were greeted by very friendly staff. You can tell it's a family run business who try and put their best into this place. It's interior is deceiving, you walk into a cute waiting area whilst the dining area is round the corner, with dark wood decoration and minimalistic decoration without being pretentious.  I had the steak option which was tasty and make sure you keep some space for the desserts- tasty and so pretty you hesitate momentarily to destroy them but they are truly delicious! I was taken aback when I found out the 19 year old son made these delicious gems- I wish I had that talent!  They have this great lunch and dinner deal on at the moment.   Would definitely come here again.
Hewat's used to be one of those places you only went to once in a blue moon, nothing to do with the service,  it's just really expensive.   Then a while back they introduced the Dine for a Tenner menu. Thank you credit crunch!  I got a flavorful Wild Mushroom and Leek soup to start, which no bowl will ever be a big enough portion. And for main Beef Stroganoff with Pilaff Rice. Yes, you read that right, Beef and Rice, but it tastes wonderful.  Getting a seat in here is tricky, book in advance!
The Man is a Yelp convert and as such, when realising that we'd not booked a restaurant for our 2 year anniversary, he immediately went to Yelp to find a good place in Newington.    He made a couple of calls and finally discovered Hewatts, which had space for us at 8:30.    We were greeted by lovely staff who took our coats and led to our table.  We were in some kind of annex/private party area which was admittedly not quite as nicely decked out as the rest of the restaurant, but was certainly fine for us.    We were immediately told what was not available off the wine list, and got down to trying to choose from the very tasty sounding menu.  Our chosen bottle of wine had a proper cork in it and we had a bit of a giggle with the bartender who was sent over to open it, as the waitresses apparently often do, as they don't feel comfortable with a cork screw.  I liked that - sure this place has a fancy menu, but the staff are real and nice and not putting on airs.    I chose the haggis risotto with pan fried black pudding which was really really tasty, and the perfect portion size.  The Man had cullin skink which he thoroughly enjoyed.  This leads me to question the "French" branding on this place as it seems to be more modern Scottish than French ...   For our mains, The Man had Boar which was fantastic, and I had a wild mushroom and brie tartlett.  Admittedly, I found the pastry of the tartlett very heavy and ended up leaving most of it on my plate.    However, the overall dining experience was lovely and I look forward to another special occasion so we can return.
Having never heard of Hewat's, I was sceptical at first, then I took a look at the menu and two things emerged: It was more Scottish than I expected and more expensive!  The average starter was about 6 and 16 for a main. The steak was sitting at a pretty 26. This is not overly expensive for Edinburgh, so it's not something I'm complaining about.  On this note - during the week they do a 'Dine for 10' deal - which is something not to miss - this food for 10 is a fantastic deal!  The were very friendly and attentive when we arrived, taking our coats and offering us drinks while we waited for the rest of our party to arrive.   For a starter I had the Cullen Skink with mussels which was very good. My OH had the black pudding & haggis risotto, which I was lucky enough to get a picture of before he inhaled it! He loved every bite of it.  For the main meal I had a seafood mix, pea risotto & the OH had the Boar. Yes, boar! It seemed to be a favourite as several of the group we were with enjoyed it. My only quirk is I find it difficult to peel king prawns in a nice restaurant without using my fingers.  The food is a strange fusion of Scottish and something I can't quite place my finger on. Even the desserts seemed to be fusions of other deserts.  Dessert - where do I begin. One coupe had the taster platter, and the OH had the sticky toffee pudding - which looked and tasted amazing. I would have had the same if I had any room left in my stomach for more food!  During desert, the chef came by the table and offered everyone a complimentary glass of a white port and talked us through it, which was very nice.  Overall they took care of us, the food was delicious & I would definitely go back - probably to try the desert alone!
A group of us visiting Edinburgh for the Rock and Roll half marathon visited Hewat's on our first evening in the city. What a wonderful experience.   The staff welcomed us when we arrived, took our coats and seated us promptly.   Our dinner was delicious. Everyone enjoyed their food. I had the beet and goat cheese salad as a starter, and wild boar for the main dish. The boar was juicy and flavorful. A companion of mine, who is usually rather particular about beets, thought the salad was extraordinarily good. He also described his duck breast entree as tasting the way duck should taste.   The other people in our group loved their seafood, saying the salmon, sea bass, and prawns tasted fresh caught, and were the best they ever had. For dessert, I had a great sticky toffee pudding. Another companion had the creme brulee and enjoyed that.   Overall, Hewat's had a comfortable atmosphere, a friendly and attentive staff, and fantastic food. The next chance we get to visit this lovely country, we will be back to Hewat's.
Went to Hewat's while visiting Edinburgh on a tip from our B&B.  Arrived 20 minutes after it opened on a Wednesday night, so we were the first table of the evening and were promised that we would get the host's "undivided attention."  Not so much, but more on that later.  Hubs and I took advantage of the 2 courses for a Tenner since the menu wasn't that much shorter than the regular one.  I ordered the mushroom soup and roast pork while Jeremy went for the smoked fish cake and salmon/prawn dish with crab and pea risotto.  All of the meals were tasty, although the fish cake was by far our favorite.  Nothing mind-blowing, but satisfying.    Desserts were the highlight of the meal.  The sticky toffee pudding was rich and sumptuous, to the point that we were struggling to finish it although we desperately wanted to!  The lemon tart had a nice crisp bruleed top and had the perfect balance of tart and sweet.  They also had multiple scotch choices at prices that amazed these two Americans, so I think if I lived in the area I would come here for drinks and desserts more than the dinner.  Despite the tasty food we were disappointed by the service.  We were told that since we were one of only three occupied tables that we could expect lots of attention, but the whole experience took about two hours.  Food came out hot, so perhaps it was the time it took to prepare it, but no one checked on us while we were eating.  It also took about 10 minutes to get the bill after we requested it, and another 10 for them to take it to the register.  Perhaps it was customary to walk the bill to the register, but we were told this so I can't say.  Nothing was terribly wrong, we just felt a little neglected.  Overall we were glad to have tried this place.  It was a nice beginning to our holiday here, and would most likely be back if we didn't live thousands of miles away!
We thoroughly enjoyed dining at Hewat's. The food was first rate Scottish cuisine and the staff was very nice. Don't be fooled by the exterior. This is a first rate place.
This is a fabulous restaurant--our best meal in Scotland, maybe in the entire UK. Low key, attractive, comfortable restaurant serving traditional Scottish food with a modern flair. Extremely reasonable--midweek dinner menu was three courses for something like 22.50.  I had black pudding and haggis risotto--absolutely delicious--followed by salmon served with a sea vegetable called "samphire," which I had never tasted. Unusual and super good. My wife had a Mediterranean vegetable dish to start and a more traditional risotto (leek and onion?) for her main. All excellent. Sticky pudding for dessert was exceptional. Attentive, friendly service. Very pretty restaurant. A great find.
WHEN I FIRST punched 'Hewat's Restaurant, Edinburgh' into Google my mouth watered at the number of rather appetising dishes the menu had to offer.  I thought to myself... 'This looks like my sort of food'.  The restaurant opened in Edinburgh in 2004 and is run by husband and wife team Richard and Margaret Hewat.  Chef Richard boasts a formidable CV indeed; positions as head chef at RBS world headquarters and Fisher's in Leith giving him notable pedigree. With Margaret's wealth of front of house experience, the couple work closely to maintain the reputation of this well-established business.  The warm, rich dining room had a lovely atmosphere to it indeed.  Each table immaculately laid and complemented by the glow from the tasteful chandeliers and contemporary art work which adorned the spotlessly clean dining room.  For starter I opted for Cullen skink with mussels (6).  I do enjoy sampling the different variations of this classic dish from chefs around the land I must say. The mussels were plump and perfectly cooked, as I'd expect from a chef who once headed a team (at Fisher's) that won the coveted Egon Ronay award for Seafood Restaurant of The Year.  It did take me a few mouthfuls to get into the dish as I felt it lacked a good whack of seasoning, but it did grow on me as the flavours from the smoked fish met with the creaminess of the soup to start the meal off on the right foot.  It was also great to see a restaurant make its own bread; something I feel sadly lacks in eateries these days.    Sarah had warm duck and shallot tarte tatin with plum, port and balsamic dressing (6.50).  This was a great idea for a dish but although the duck was tender and pink, the pastry was a little under done and the shallots needed a bit more caramelisation.  The sauce was very pleasant and harmonised the dish.  The dining room started to fill up as we came to the main event but that, to the staff's credit, did not alter the quality of the service as my roast tenderloin of wild boar, braised pork belly, apple compote, crackling and pulled pork and black pudding mash with savoy cabbage and chorizo (16) was served up.  At first glance, I thought there were a lot of elements to this dish, all of which I like, but wasn't sure if it perhaps had too much going on.  I dived into the boar first, which was well executed and seasoned and complemented by the rich gravy.    Pork belly is one of my favourite cuts of meat and I like to see it done justice. The actual meat itself dissolved on my tongue but I would have like to have seen the skin crisped up rather than left flabby.   I didn't feel the stick of crackling that was offered really gave anything to the dish bar an aesthetic aspect and it wasn't particularly great crackling, as some parts were just too hard to bite through.  That in mind, I must give a special mention to the pulled pork and black pudding mash with the savoy cabbage as they were just a total triumph and worked in perfect harmony with the apple.  The chorizo just added that little hint of spice that lifted the dish up a notch. If only the skin on the belly had been seared for a minute or two, this would have been a knockout plate of food.  For main, Sarah had roast rump of new season lamb with redcurrant and rosemary jus, champ potatoes, red cabbage and ratatouille (17).    The lamb came presented in a rustic-style and was perfectly cooked; pink and tender while the red cabbage offered a great flavour and maintained a slight bite.  Every vegetable component of the ratatouille was perfectly cooked and identifiable through a rich tomato sauce with the seasoning bang on the money.   A minor criticism would be the sprinkling of spices that seemed to come on every plate; it's just a tad outdated.  We admired the wine Margaret had recommended as we pondered our dessert course.   Wild strawberry crme brulee with shortbread (5.95) caught my eye while Sarah went for the classic sticky toffee pudding (also 5.95).   The brulee passed the acid test when I cracked the crisp top with my spoon to reveal a subtle and rather pleasant flavour of sesaonal strawberry.  The shortbread was buttery and with suitable snap, while the berry compote cut through the creaminess without being too sharp.  Sarah's sticky toffee pudding was light with a silky, smooth butterscotch sauce as you'd expect.  The vanilla ice cream was lovely and added a cold contrast to the pudding.  Both were a great way to end the meal.    I suppose at the end of any meal you ask yourself 'would I go back?' and I certainly will be back.  The level of cooking demonstrated by Richard and the quality of service leave me looking forward to discovering more of delights that got me so excited when I first laid eyes upon the menu at Hewat's.
Love this bar/restaurant one of the very few real Scottish ones left in the capital. If you like whisky and good food you will not find better anywhere , has huge variety of Whiskies as well as great fresh homemade food , Steak Pie is legendary in Edinburgh , staff are very good and has good selection of beers/lagers. Scottish band plays about 3 nights a week as well. Families welcome which is rare in Edinburgh.
Great selection of Scotch, naturally, as well as beers and cocktails.   Didn't try the food, but the music was great.  My boyfriend and I danced along and somewhere a couple of girls have video of us!  Great place.
What a great bar.  They have a truly impressive selection of whiskey from cheap and common to the kind that I clearly can't afford.  Great live music.  Helpful and polite bar staff.  And a fun atmosphere.  I'll definitely be back.
This is your bog-standard Edinburgh tourist pub. It's named to attract tourist, it's decorated to attract tourists and it attracts tourists. It's very Scottish and very traditional, it embodies everything that is deemed Scottish. As a Scott, I avoid these places like the plague and I am reminded why when I go in - I'm almost a novelty to tourists when they hear my northern accent. No, this place is definitely not for me, but tourists lap this stuff up. Not very authentic, but a nice enough place if you're visiting.
Whiski is the kind of bar that will win the tourists over, while the locals will tend to head somewhere off the beaten track.  Serving up a mixture of pub grub and traditional Scots dishes (like cullen skink), Whiski blends contemporary decor with a traditional feel.  As the previous reviewers have said, it is quite a synthesized representation of the Scots pub, and it feels as though its existence is based on what tourists it can lure in. Nevertheless, I can imagine it would be quite charming to people travelling through Edinburgh, so it gets four stars from me since I can see its appeal to international guests. And when all is said and done, there's a good selection of booze behind the bar and well cooked food, so it's pleasant and popular with passer's by!
I got into Edinburgh at 5pm on a Monday night.  I checked into where I was staying and walked around High Street for a bit.  I realized I was starving since I hadn't eaten since breakfast and could use a good meal.  I will not deny that the name Whiski helped me choose to stop here.  The staff was friendly and I was impressed by their extensive menu of whisky.  I opted for a whisky cider which is cider distilled in a whisky cask to give it flavor.  It was my favorite cider that I've had in the UK.  Since I was starving I ordered some food too.  I don't remember the name of the dish but it was beef in an ale gravy with veggies and chips.  Since I figured this was just a pub that catered to tourists I was surprised at the quality of the food, it was really good.  I had another whisky cider and was on my way.  It ended up being the best meal I had during my short trip to Scotland.  Should I find myself back in Edinburgh I would very much like to come back here.
I'm not normally so hard on the Royal Mile pubs. Yes they are nearly all marketed with some collage of Scottish themes to pull people in, trap them, then take all their money, but ironically they often end up being a lot more welcoming than a lot of the local pubs in Edinburgh.  But I felt WHISKI was verging on the exploitative. Okay so nothing was that bad. The food is alright and they have a good selection of whisky (I agree with Kate about the whisky cider). But the prices were just too much. I resent having to pay almost 10 for a main course of average pub food. Plus whilst the staff weren't rude they didn't seem interested either. Also why is the name in CAPITALS? I feel like I am being SCREAMED at.  Perhaps I will try WHISKI again and have a better experience. Perhaps like a good Scotsman I should just stick to the drink.
I was in here with my big brother last night, and found it a surprisingly large bit better than my previous experiences would suggest. The Royal Mile on a Saturday night during August can get a bit too much, littered with broken bottles and rowdy (but usually good natured) drunkards. Whiski managed to provide a safe haven from all this, and whilst still mobbed was almost relaxing.  The manager cleared a table up the back so we could have a seat, they sold Wasabi Peas, and even the Bargain Basement Russel Brand singing in the corner had a couple of acceptable tunes up his sleeve.  Surprisingly enjoyable.
Whiski was a pleasant surprise for me.  I'd planned to meet a friend for drinks somewhere which was easily accessible for both of us, and unfortunately that landed us on the Royal Mile.  The Mile is very hit or miss in that it has a mix of pubs which are tourist trap central and places like Whiski which are really quite nice and would survive even without the tourist trade.  We only had one drink in here but found the atmosphere and staff warm and inviting, and the beer tasty indeed.  I am definitely keen to head back here some time and hunker down with some food, a few more beers, and a selection of some whiskies I've not yet tried.
Another stunning find in the Whisky Pilgrimage series.  Some may call this a tourist trap. It is position in the centre of the touristy area, however, this place delivers a lot of whisky in a decent setting.  Why do people need to complain? You get over 270 bottles of beautiful whisky and you don't need to get on a ferry and fight off Highland cows to get a bloody dram.   Decent selection and some exceptional rare bottlings, make this worth a visit.
Great food, great whiskey selection, a good time.  Went with a bunch of Scots and even they liked it.  I had the haggis which was divine.
Got Haggis tower. It is fine dining meets Haggis. It's delish. I also orderered whisky (Scotch, for us Americans) on 2 separate occasions.  Ask them for the whisky guide, it will help you choose from the giant selection of whisky. This place generally seems crowded and full of tourists.
The Whiski Bar provides a atmosphere that screams Edinburgh.  I met a lot of locals who were friendly.  When in Edinburgh I frequent this place to talk politics and solve world peace with the more experienced Scottsmen and at night I go back to mingle with the more adventurous Scottsmen/women as this place as really inviting setting as a traditional pub.  My favorite drink on the menu is all the vintage Scotch Whiskey they have followed by the rest of the Scotch Whiskey.  If you got a cold and think it may not be a good idea to go to the Whiski Bar.. WRONG THINK AGAIN perfect place to go as their Whiski Hot Toddy can cure most cold's which I though was folk's tale but tried it first hand with a friend  and it helped us fight off some vicious flu like symptoms.  Their Cullen Sink soup is delicious and the Haddock and chips is good  and I don't even like Haddock Fish.  Usually there is a good lunch special that offers some good eats, also try the Steak Ale Pie and Haggis Tower.   Slaandjivaa  /Cheers
I would die for their Sticky toffee pudding! Yumm!!
Great selection of whisky including a good sampling from every region of Scotland. The staff seemed pretty knowledgable about them too, so don't hesitate to ask for a recommendation.  The food is great as well, especially compared to some of the awful traps found in and around the Royal Mile. Highly recommend the Haggis Tower and the Fish and Chips. The Steak and Ale pie was OK, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.  Definitely a place worth checking out if you are hungry or want to stop in for some Whisky in old town Edinburgh.
I didn't expect to like this as much as I did - I think I was put off by the poor spelling!   I went with a friend and we had a prime table in the window, out of the way of the big tables of Christmas-dinner groups.   I can't give an extensive food review, as we started with olives and bread and then both had mussels with chips - but everything was just the best possible quality and tasted amazing. Huge pots filled with tender mussels in a rich creamy sauce, a pile of crispy-thin French fries - yum.   The staff were everything you could ask for, too - friendly, helpful, and funny. I'll be going back, as soon as possible!
It's New Year's Day. 3pm. You and your post-NYE party pals are a tad hungover (or already on their hairs of the dog) and hungry. Where's open? Hmmm not many places. But what's this WHISKI Bar & Restaurant is. But it's on the Royal Mile. But it has good reviews on Yelp! But it might be a tourist-sell-out place on the Royal Mile. But it's the only place that's open and we're hungry and it does FOOD.  So we went to WHISKI Bar & Restaurant. And I'm giving it a solid 4 stars. Yes, it's on the Royal Mile and this usual positioning, along with the Scottish-liqueor name, Scottish-decor, and Scottish-style pub food menu would make you think it might be similar to all the other overly-Scottish pubs on the main tourist street of Edinburgh, and therefore the food would be subpar.  We were wrong. In fact, WHISKI isn't even OTT in it's decoration. It's just a really nice bar and restaurant. Old wooden furniture, obviously plenty of whiskies on offer which are all chalked up on a huge black board by category (Lowland, Peaty, Malty, Highland etc.)  It was busy. It was New Years Day. But the floor manager was really friendly and got us seated at a larger table. The only grip is the food. Took. Forever. But I am willing to overlook this as it was New Year's Day, no one wants to be working New Year's Day let alone feeding hungover people, and they were probably short staffed. If I go back and it takes this long there's a problem.   The food itself, when it came, was delicious. My fishcake (starter) was ma-hoosive and had delicious chunks of smoked salmon and trout. The burger that I got to try was nice, if a little dry, the chips all disappeared quickly, the soup portion was kinda small, but the sausages and mash looked amazing. As far as general gasto-pub fare along a Scottish theme goes, this stuff sas the best on the Royal Mile I'm sure.  And they do have a lot of whiskies, and I think will know their stuff. So whether you're a tourist or a local I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed in WHISKI. And as a case-in-note, that's not really how you spell it. And we don't call it Scotch Whisky here. We just call it whisky. Like they call Bombay Mix just Mix in Bombay. (Or do they?)
I had a little look through other reviews and think I may be the only one so far who was not really massively impressed by this place.   It was a lovely Saturday afternoon and after a childish wee stroll through camera obscura I took my friend here for lunch. He is very much a soup and a sandwich type of bloke so the fact this was on the menu here was a bonus. We arrived and were told that there were no tables, even though I could quite clearly see one, and that they were unsure how long the wait would be. A couple of moments later this was corrected, and we were promptly seated.  The menu here did not blow me away to be honest, pretty much as I expected, soup, sandwiches, the usual scottish fayre really. I had a salmon, lemon and creme fraiche sandwich and he ordered the sweet potato soup with a chicken mayo sandwich. There really was quite a wait for drinks, and for food. The system here seems very disorganised and they did not seem on the ball at all.  The food arrived and it looked good at a brief glance. On further inspection, great big crusty bread for the sandwich, good move. Little to pretty much no filling, very disappointing. The soup, which I wish I had ordered, was very good. Then he bites into his sandwich to find that it is salmon too, not what he had ordered. But we had waited so long, and he is a boy, he will eat anything, so he did. Needless to say, I don't think he was too impressed.  We then asked for the bill, went to pay, etc. We were not asked once if everything was alright or if we enjoyed our food, which to me is just common courtesy. Overall, I had high hopes which sadly were not met. Maybe another time.
This wasn't chosen by me as it was a social event for a course I'm taking. They handled the large group well, although we had pre-ordered the food so it wasn't too difficult, apart from the people who forgot what they ordered (there's always one).  Really nice place, of course great position above the Mound. Cosy wooden interior and then good view outside. Great for warming up after being outside in the cold. However the food wasn't great - our venison was rather chewy and some people barely touched it. The soup starter was fine but no butter came with the bread.  The price was to be expected for the location, although the beer was very expensive and one might have expected a little more from the food for that price.
We have been there twice during our stay in Edinburgh. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable to help you to choose your "perfect" Whisky. They have a huge selection of Whiskies available. The prices are very reasonable and they even offer some tasting menues that provide a great selection varying on your experience and taste.   I can surely recommend this place if you want to try some great Whisky. We haven't eaten there, but the menu looked appealing as well.
I had intended to avoid WHISKI because the cutesy spelling of the name and it's location on the Royal Mile made me think this was a tourist trap of self-important trendiness. It reminded me of all of the "ultra-lounges" at the corporate-run Las Vegas resorts.   However, when I decided that I wanted try haggis, a few folks suggested WHISKI as a good place to go.   WHISKI is nice and classy, but not to the point that I felt underdressed. The menu is definitely aimed at tourists and serves mostly what one would think of as "traditional Scottish fare" (not to be confused with "typical Scottish fare" which usually seems to include Tikka Masala). I ordered the haggis tower (with neeps and tatties) and found it to be excellent. My wife had fish and chips and said they were great.   The whiskey selection was unsurprisingly broad. The prices were a little higher than you would get elsewhere, but you expect that in a nicer tourist place right on High St.
Dipped in here on day two in Edinburgh. It was a late morning start and we wanted breakfast. I'd noted another spot that would have been a good mile walk down the way but the driving rain and cozy exterior beckoned us in.  One side of the restaurant is a whiskey shop. Impressive array of different types of whiskies - I had no idea or interest as I am not well-refined in the whiskey world. If you are DEFINITELY stop in or shop here. http://www.whiskishop.com/.   We both went with specials. I had the starter and main combo of raw Scottish salmon with a frise salad and creme fraiche, followed by crayfish linguine. Yum!  The salmon was fab, especially when dragged through the creme, followed with a bite of fresh-baked crusty bread. The pasta was lovely as well. Flavorful and cooked al dente with oil, peas and the star - crayfish. Yum. Most UK restaurants have some sort of starter/main special and I highly recommend going this route when possible as you will get a nice variety for your dosh.  Man had the Gambon ham and egg special with chips. Gorgeous plating. Egg cooked to perfection so the yolk slowly spilled out over the ham. Chips - awwww!  Why can't we get chips this good at home. Thick-sliced but not soggy or under/over done. Crisp and hot. Made with love. So delectable that ketchup is superfluous.  Nice price point and very pretty interior. Comfy banquette seating - try to get next to the window to people-watch. Staff were sweet and made sure our coffees and waters were filled. If it hadn't of been morning with a full itinerary ahead, I definitely would have sampled some whiskey.  Last note. One of the other Yelpers mentioned the cutesy spelling - it almost threw us off as well but the downpour helped settle our minds quickly.
My last breakfast in Edinburgh before hopping on the plane back to Dublin. Was extremely happy I came in! The people were nice, and the food was outstanding. I had the full breakfast and for the price I thought it was loaded with food. All of it was very good too, not bland or a cheap tourist imitation. I really liked this place and was disappointed I hadn't gone in earlier.  Also, I can imagine that it's a pretty cool place in the evenings. They have live music every night and a ton of Scotch Whisky to try if you're into that sort of thing. Very cool place.
This location of the Whiski Bar and Restaurant is just as touristy as its Royal Mile location makes it, but to me it felt cramped and unwelcoming. The place always seems to be packed with happy customers who keep bumping into one another at the seating area and at the bar, and I don't see how everyone rates it so highly. I was disappointed in this location and feel that its sister location just up the street and around the corner is far more classy, welcoming, relaxing, and fun.
We were looking for a nice place for some late night food and perhaps, some entertainment and we read good reviews of this place. We found the food pretty good and the dessert was excellent! They have some kind of performance every night of the week and ours was Traditionally folk songs. The performers gave such a rousing performance that some of the guests joined them in the clapping and singing! Very good experience indeed.
Came in for a drink, and whilst they had a lot of whisky (as the name suggests) it was *very* expensive and rather cramped!
Whiki is a bar on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh.    The first time I went the bar tender recommended a really good beer, so A+ for the drinks. I also had the food here, which I think was a little ordinary but still decent for the price.   So recommended for a drink or a drink with food. Perhaps not ideal if you're just after food.
Amazing place to eat with one of the best whiskey selections in Edinburg. The service was great, the people friendly and the food was delicious. We got a flight of whiskey and had to stop ourselves from getting a second. I got the whiskey burger and it was delicious. Scottish cows are yummy!  This was our first stop in Scotland and it didn't disappoint.
On High street in Edinburgh.  Yes that is the tourist main drag.  Decorated in old pub style and elaborate.  Beer is a little more expensive because you are on the main drag.  Have nice Celtic music every evening so great place to chill with no cover charge.  Did not try the food.
A step up from typical bar food, with a corresponding small increase in the prices. Eccentric decorating and a varied beer menu. Of course, the scotch whiskey selection is extensive!
Sans plus, sans surprise, ce  quoi il faut s'attendre dans ce quartier touristique.
We stopped in here since it was the closest, open, bar to our hostel on our first night visiting Edinburgh. The decor was very nice, and the people-watching was even better. The crowd skewed mostly older but there were several incredibly attractive and well dressed women in their 30's here when we stopped in.  There was a folk guitar band playing, which was a little too mellow for our tastes. The selection of whiskeys though was phenomenal, and the bartenders were very skilled. The whiskey sour and hot toddy were particularly good! It's a very upscale and classy place.  The bathrooms were clean, and had a goofy condom dispenser that sold "Whiskey Flavored Condoms". We got a good laugh out of that, especially the fine print "Do not Use While Driving".  Good place to stop for a meal and a warm-up drink before heading out for the clubs.
Just had our 1st visit here and it didn't disappoint. The service was great, really friendly and attentive. The food, well where do I start, we ordered the Whiski burger and the fish and chips. The fish was so fresh and light, the peas that accompanied the fish reminded me of pick peas in the pod when I was a kid. Now the burger - possibly the best burger I have ever had. Crispy bun, beautiful haggis and the best beef every. Would highly recommend. Great pub atmosphere. They don't take reservations for food but just turn up and be amazed. If you have to wait a the bar for a table, the selection of drinks will not disappoint.
We stopped in here because of rain and tired feet. It's a nice pub complete with TVs to watch the Olympics and enjoy some dinner. The burger with haggis, onions, tomato relish, and bacon was great. We had never tried haggis before. I imagined I wasn't going to like it because American food tv shows made it sound so awful!! It was delicious and really made the burger pop. I wasn't in love with the actual burger patty, but all the toppings were so good it made up for the patty being too tightly packed. The fish and chips were also very tasty. We didn't drink anything, but it appeared to have a large selection of local beer and whiskey drinks to enjoy.
Excellent bartenders.  Theo was great in introducing us to some new single malts.  They have a large selection.  Food was solid Scottish fare with great, attentive service.
Great place to get a lively feel of Edinburgh without the tourist traps (although there were a lot of tourist in there). Space is tight. Food is good. And they have several awesome whiski flights! Great place to get a feel for Scottish pub food followed by some whiski sampling.
We stopped in for dinner & drinks at the Whiski on a Friday night based on recommendation from our hotel concierge.  Very glad we did.  The place was quite busy, and is obviously popular with locals as well as us tourists.  After notifying one of the employees we'd like to wait for a table, we sidled up to the bar for a round of drinks.  There were a couple of parties waiting ahead of us, and a couple more parties waiting behind us.  To the credit of the waitress, she kept all our groups in sequence and seated each group promptly as a table opened up.  Food was very good pub food, much better than the standard greasy Brit pub food.  Our group had the salmon, a burger, and a couple orders of steak & ale pie...not to mention a few more drinks.  All the food was great, and the portions very generous.  I'm a pretty good eater, and was unable to finish my own meal.  We ended up staying past our meal to see the live band who started playing about 10pm.  They were a local group of Scots playing American bluegrass music.  I'm not a particular fan of bluegrass, but this band was still pretty enjoyable.  Throughout our experience at the Whiski, have to give special compliments to our waitress Chloe, she was awesome!  Took very good care of us, friendly, and made us feel at home.
I always enjoy stopping in here on my Edinburgh layovers. The food is excellent, they have live music every night after 10pm and the bar tenders are super knowledgable about Whisky!  I enjoy Whisky, but am by no means an expert. I always ask for recommendations and am never disappointed. The bar tenders will help you select a Whisky that suits your taste and will tell you the story behind it.   Definitely recommend this place for someone who wants to explore Whisky and get some good Scottish food to soak it up.
Great pub to stop in and sample lots and lots of different scotches. My husband and I were here just for drinks and a little snack. They have scotch flights available, which is a nice touch if you want to sample a variety. Not being a scotch drinker myself, I had a wonderful few glasses of the Thistle Cross apple cider which they have on tap and it's wonderful. Much much much better than the sickly sweet Bulmers everywhere else. My husband had a great time talking to the bartenders to identify really peaty scotches to drink, and they were very helpful in pointing him to new things to try. We had chips with cheese as a snack - they were standard good but a rather small serving size.
The Forth Floor Restaurant is located on the top floor of Harvey Nichols and as you would expect it is one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh, attentive but not obtrusive staff, wonderfull views with a skyline of rooftops extending to the Castle in the south and the Forth in the North, while the restaurant is light and airy. And of course there is the food carefully chosen ingredients, great flavours and elegant presentations. Very, very chic. For lunch we started with gin martinis straight up with a twist of lemon, follwed by half a dozen oysters and then a half lobster each accompanied by a glass excellent sauvingon blanc. Simple fresh and wonderful, and amazingly good value costing around 70. Foot note at weekends be sure to book especially if you want to sit out on the terrace and unless you are only want a coffee dont be diverted by the brasserie which has grown in size in recent years and more and more has the feel of a school dining hall but go for the restaurant.
I am very surprised to see this restaurant described as average. I ate here as part of a package I got when I booked a stay at the Glasshouse Hotel and I thought the food was superb.   I had scallops to start, risotto for my main and crme brule for dessert and everything was divine! Unfortunately I can't remember the specific fancy twists to each dish but the whole menu was based around Scottish cuisine with a contemporary twist. The atmosphere is very modern and chic with the orange lighting and panoramic windows giving stunning views out over Edinburgh.   Unfortunately service was quite slow but the restaurant was jam packed so I guess it is maybe to be expected. After dinner we moved over to the bar and had the most delicious cocktails I have ever tasted. You can pick anything from the cocktail menu and it will blow you away but if you see nothing you fancy the bar staff are experts and you can just tell them the kind of thing you like and they'll rustle something wonderful up for you.
The Forth Floor is THE place to come for cocktails in Edinburgh. Everything about this places screams style, quality and exclusivity.  You get to the Forth Floor (so called because it's on the fourth floor and has amazing views out to the Firth of Forth and over to Fife, weather permitting) by taking a lift from the Harvey Nichols entrance on Multrees Walk. There is something a bit special (and slightly eerie) about being in a department store at night, especially one as fancy as Harvey Nichols. The food in the restaurant is of excellent quality, but it does come at a price. You'd be wiser eating in the Brasserie and saving your money for the cocktails. The barmen here really do know their stuff when it comes to mixology. The list of drinks is comprehensive, but if there is nothing that takes your fancy on the cocktail menu then tell them what you like and they'll create something magical for you. Herbs are ground in a morter and pestle and you're encouraged to have a good sniff as the ingredients are expertly mixed up in front of you. Once your cocktail is made, it's served with a wee dish of nibbles that's replaced as soon as you've finished them (I've been known to get through quite a few of these).  Bring visitors from out of town here to wow them with the incredible views of Edinburgh, it looks all the prettier with a delicious cocktail!
I've been to the Forth Floor Restaurant many a time, courtesy of my mother's preference for Harvey Nick's browsing and kind invitations to lunch on a fairly regular basis. I've enthusiastically consumed both lunch and dinner here, so can attest to the fact the food is ace, along with the cocktail menu, which is pretty snazz too.  Fishcakes, always good. Caesar salad, the classic lunchtime favourite, also never a letdown. The rib-eye steak and frites, also the target of a good wolfing down in the past. Nothing on the menu here has ever offended me, or has really ever been bad, in simple terms. One of the biggest pulls of the Forth Floor Restaurant, and certainly one of its most striking points, is its top floor location overlooking St Andrew Square, plus you even manage to get a wee peep at Fife as well. On a good, clear, sunny day, when you've got time for a leisurely lunch (whether liquid or not), who wouldn't be keen for an outdoor seat on a balcony, from which you can gaze at the awesomeness that is the Edinburgh skyline? You know you would.
Ok, Ok - I have to be honest, I came here as part of a relatives birthday celebrations and as such realise that there is very little chance that I would be dining here again unless somehow I manage to shake off the fact I am a debt riddled student.  The Forth Floor is classy. And exclusive. And oozes style from every one of its glass topped, metal finished surfaces. The food is simple sublime - from what I could tell it seems to be modern Scottish cuisine, and it really is delicious. The coctails however, are better - just give them a try. Trust me.  This restaurant isnt 'average' as some of the other reviews have called it - its amazing, but sadly, I dont think I will be back for a while.
This restaurant is one of Edinburgh's gems. It has brilliant views of the city form the balcony, and is really quite cool! It is split into two parts, one slightly cheaper and one more expensive, but both are really wonderful. The food is amongst the best I've had in Edinburgh and the service is un-faultable (is that a word?).  As has been said, the cocktails are to die for. My mum and I are actually in the brochure in hotel books sitting at this bar sipping Martinis - no autographs please.  Seriously, one of the best places in the city. If you want to come then be sure to book though. My gran has trouble eating some foods, so we didn't really know where to take her for dinner when she came to Edinburgh....but we took her here and she loved it! Especially the mashed potatoes for some reason...!  10 out of 10!
The service here was terrible.  Multiple waiters not knowing what each of them is doing.   However, the food WAS pretty good.  But don't go here if you are really hungry, the portions are quite small.  The view is really nice and the overall atmosphere was great.  They just need to get better at waiting on tables.
Dropped in here with my sister and brother in law to check out the fantastic views over the city. The fresh salmon salad, cooked salmon with garlic mash and grilled sea bass were cooked to perfection. Review is for the brasserie, not the pricier restaurant which should have a different entry.
I'm so mixed on the Forth Floor. The views are really fantastic...some of the best you will find in the capital city. The staff was very friendly, and as a plus or minus you are steps away from all the high-end shopping that Harvey Nichols offers.  That said, I was a bit disappointed with the food itself. Edinburgh is such a great foodie city with excellent well priced restaurants, whereas Harvey Nichols charges well Harvey Nichols prices...rather over priced for what you get. The food wasn't bad by any means, it was just rather average...you could be well in any high-end department store restaurant. My salmon looked a bit pre-packaged, and the steak was cooked properly but really was just ok. I did enjoy my side of mixed greens though!  The crowd at dinner was also rather sparse for a Saturday night---not happening at all.  I can see coming back here for lunch especially for the views, however, I would skip returning for dinner.
It's quite difficult to review the Forth Floor, because much like Dave S. I had quite a mixed experience. We met Executive Chef Stuart Muir, who talked with great passion and enthusiasm about his beautifully sourced ingredients. But the tasting menu that followed was bizarrely over-complicated, with flavours crashing into each other like runaway dodgems.  Overall, we said: "the tasting menu at the Forth Floor is a confused creature. While the dishes are relentlessly interesting and very pleasing on the eye, their tapestry of flavours isn't woven with anything like the required accuracy and balance. Dishes are riotous, but not in a good way. I will definitely return, though, because I imagine their fruit de mere, which keeps things simple and showcases their superbly sourced ingredients, will be an absolute joy. For truly balanced and elegant fine dining dishes, look elsewhere."
Brilliant top floor location and wonderful views over Edinburgh st Andrews Square, Jenners & Old Town.  We visited with 3 people on reservation and we were allocated a large round table in the far end left corner. Which could easily sit 10-12 and was to big to sit close together for the 3 of us - doing so would have us all more or less facing the same direction. In order to face each other we needed to space out so that it looked more like a boardroom than restaurant table. No other (smaller) tables were available. They keep changing the menu so I cannot vouch for future meals but we had for starters a pate and I had pheasant breast - the presentation was unique and certainly appetising. The taste less so. I know I like things spiced up a bit but do have a palate of tasting and this lacked seasoning. I had a steak and carrot & potato mash for main. nothing special, clean plate and again underwhelming on taste. Anita had the salmon - which was a little dry according to her. I cannot remember what my friend had. we shared an bowl of ice-cream - a la Dame Blanche which was creamy and actually very tasty - good dark bittersweet chocolate sauce over vanilla flavoured scoops.   The service cannot be faulted, they were at hand with filling glassed - placing serviettes, discreet cleaning and crumbing down. Cannot be faulted.   Will I be back? Not very likely anytime soon, but seeing the other reviews- I may hopefully try a different menu when visiting again.
This restaurant is a awkward one, however I do find it a reliable restaurant for friendly professional service and good food.  I should expand. I find it awkward as its part of a department store, its quite expensive, the menu is a little limiting and it has the feel of a bistro cafe bordering on silver service. If I would have rated it on my first experience, I might have given it a 4 (i.e. yeah that was 'nice').  However though, I have found myself eating there 7-8 times in the last couple of years, probably more than any other lunch style restaurant. So I don't think I would be fair in rating it as such. It made me realise when writing some of these reviews, that as restaurant goers we shouldn't always benchmark a rating of 'what we want' against 'what we received'. If we should do this, then we run the risk of incentivising restaurants to serve batch processed food in unimaginative surroundings staffed by people who's happiness/demeanour is set by the managers standard operating procedures (i.e. fast food restaurants).   So back to the Forth Floor Restaurant. Well, considering the above, I would say the following:  This is an easy restaurant, with amazing staff who are both friendly and seem like the devoted a lot of time to their training. This comes through the confidence as well as genuine happiness that is quite evident. The restaurant is often busy at lunch, especially on the weekends, however I have never waited for more than 5 minutes for a table. The food is elegantly presented and has the taste that bespoke attention was paid the dish in the kitchen. The restaurant has arguably a better view that Chaophraya (sp?) and a wonderful outdoor terrace. If it is a warm summers day, or you Scottish and warm equates to anything over 8 degrees, then ask for the terrace, you won't be disappointed. The food is expensive, but I have found worth the price.
Not been for a while to the restaurant. Went with my mother and the teenagers and the dinner was simply outstanding. Great table overlooking Bruce Munro's stunning catching the light art installation down in st Andrew square. Spoiled by 3 yes 3 amuse bouches: salmon mousse in an edible spoon, a yellow courgette velout and a goats cheese cookie. I had asparagus with truffle and leeks as a starter. Harry had duck, Ellie had a lovely bocconchini salad and my mum had smoked trout to great delight. All 3 of them had the beef and Yorkshire pudding, I had to try some of the beef for research purposes! I had rose veal with sweatbreads which was so tender. Eschewing desert as ever, I had 4 cheeses some honeycomb, chutney, quince and crispy flatbreads. Mum and Harry had lemon souffl and Ellie had hot chocolate with passion fruit mousse topping and a large sandwich style profiterole. Service was attentive but not over the top, and washed it down with some champers. Highly recommended and time for a revisit for those who have been caught up in the wave of new places to eat across Edinburgh.
Where do I even start?? I LOVED this place. There were plenty of beer options on tap and the bartenders helped pick out a great beer, or two actually that fit my tastes.  We came for lunch and had the potato chip, truffle and bleu cheese appetizer. It was so incredible that I swore off potato chips, I don't think any other will ever be able to compare!  We then split the sliders and the beef brisket. The sliders and fries were also very very good, but I prefered the beef brisket. I ordered it with the mini  rolls, and my sauces were the bleu cheese fondue and the TE BBQ. Both were super yum. The brisket was cooked perfectly and was a big portion. If we weren't sharing things, we would never have finished.  Give it a chance, I thought it was wonderful and am sad I only go to Vegas once a year to get to enjoy this.
This place just opened a few months ago at Aria in Las Vegas.   The selection of different starters and beer was great. I started with an Anchor Steam and Handmade chips with bacon, blue cheese, blue cheese dressing, tomatoes and chicken liver. At first i was a little apprehensive about the chicken liver but when the liver arrived deep fried i was pleasantly surprised. All the flavors paired well together. The nachos were delicious!  For the main course I ordered Fish and chips. It arrived as a whole fillet on top of a mound of french fries. It was accompanied with tartar sauce, ketchup, and malt vinegar cream sauce that was to die for. Overall the fish was good but i would get another item next time.   The service was a little slow but they were busy with the lunchtime rush.   I would definitely go back. The menu had so many great choices that i was sad i couldn't eat more. Gastropub done right!
A yelp and the thinly veiled link to food porn. Look at any number of the pictures that people take of their meal. It's, for all intent and purpose, food porn. We go on and on about how we ate here and what we had like we're bragging about our latest conquest in the bed room.   "Oh man, you should have seen that plate, man. It was easily a 10 and I tore it a new one!" Yes, you can pretty easily make smut novels if you replace whatever food items in a typical review with gender names and you have yourself a grocery store check-out romance novel with Fabio on the cover.   So with that, let's talk Dirty.. Dirty Chips that is. These things.. Oh man, if I had a camera I would tell them nothing as they would already be making love to the camera. Any more dirty and this review would be X-rated. But let's go with trying to make the FCC blow up.   Let's talk real dirty now.. I mean, how can you top this nasty-kitten! It's a huge pile of Kettle chips with bacon bits, scallions, blue cheese dressing and deep fried chicken liver pate. If your mouth isn't watering already, I would have to question your manhood.   Then you can get really raw.. with their extensive raw bar, that is. Though let's be Frank (Sinatra) here. If you are in Vegas, there's a cheaper way to get Shrimp and Crab than getting it at an oyster bar. Stick to those and you should be fine.  So what about the lubricant of love, the back bone of any good pub, The beer? It was what I consider a pretty extensive list of beers on tap. Any place that has Fat Tire is a place I will eat in. But they went above and beyond. Blueberry beer. Yes, the Snozberries may taste like snozberries but I do love me the taste of Blueberries. This beer.. tasted like Blueberries.   The whole joint looks like it could be in some old English novel as the town tavern, but with a slightly more updated way to dimly light an establishment. The bathroom is very dark. They really nailed the whole dingy pub look there better than, say, New York New York did with its squeaky clean NY City streets.   Brick stones line the walls and create a look and along with the many hand crank beer handles on the walls and the "flare" of old taverns and pubs, this place has a look that just makes me want to drink some more and enjoy the sights.   I didn't even touch on the burger. Now I'm not much of a turkey fan. Just doesn't have the same food porn feel, no matter how much you stuff it, that beef does. But the turkey burger with turkey bacon wrapped around it was something out of this world. Oh man, would I like to put that in my mouth over and over again.   And with that vivid and oddly perverted description of my food, I'll bid you farewell.
Awesome bar!  The food is very good and be ready to wait.  If you sit at the bar they have this 7 second hour glass every other seat. You can get free beers from this concept, if you are brave.  Barkeep will turn it over and you have 7 seconds to finish it, which means not a drop on you.  Totally doable.  Due to them having PBR and/or Guinness.  Get the grilled cheese sandwich.  They have this crazy panini press that actually puts grill canals on the bread.  It's very good.
I own several restaurants in and around the Boston & Tampa Bay area's. I recently was on a vacation to lovely Las Vegas and happened to get a table at the Todd English Pub for dinner. I have eaten at many of Todd's restaurants and so I wanted to give it a try. It was my husband and I that had the meal. We started with the seafood as the server highly recommended it. To my surprise it was some of the best shrimp & oysters my husband and I had ever had. The server was very help full and recognized whenever we needed something despite looking very very busy. Being in the restaurant business, I know what it is like to be very busy in a high paced environment. I had the Turkey for my actual meal. The server explained that it was a sandwich you get to build and create on your own and that was exactly what it was; Bread on the side with two mediocre sauces and the meat. The turkey was very dry and not too flavorful. The thing that made this dinner stand out to me was the seafood and the service that was provided. Our server was a younger man named Nate. He even gave us a card with his name on the back to return. In fact we did return and asked for him as I am a stickler for service. I told him about the turkey and he then recommended things based on my taste and I was completely pleased. I would give the food a 4 star rating where as the service made the two trips a five star experience. My husband enjoyed his meal and actually got it both times we visited. His meal was the fish and chips. The server was very knowledgeable about the beer as well. He explained a few beers to us and we tried what he had recommended based on our style. We told Nate that the service out shadowed the food and it was why we came back to the restaurant. He thanked us multiple times before we left and seemed to be very pleased we enjoyed our visit. Please visit the Todd English Pub and enjoy ;p!
Great option if nothing is to your liking in Aria itself.  Great for sports.  I was here during march madness and it was off the hook.  If you are into oysters the eastern are a bit better vs the western.  They have multiple choices of meat in either 1/2 or full pound options served with your choice of  2 excellent unique sauces on the side with diff options on bread.  I highly recommend the pickled vegetables if you are into that sort of thing.  And they serve a beer after my own heart, "the arrogant bastard".  'nuff said
This place recycled every trendy cliche going.  The food was heavy and greasy and tasteless.  Awful.  Really.  And Expensive.    Fake dartboards painted on the wall?  $8 draft beers?  $11 potato chips?  $13 for 6 mini corn dogs on top of a pile of limp fries?  Rock and Roll XM satellite station? Tabletops had beer pong boards carved in.  Pot Pie was $18 bucks and all pastry.  Service was so bad I was angry and felt violated.    I love how they brag about not carrying Budweiser products.  As if this place isn't just as commercialized and insipid.  I felt embarrassed and foolish after paying the tab.  Didn't touch my entree but server and busser didn't notice or care.  Wow, Todd English, you're so trendy and indie now.  The existence of this place signifies the official"gastropub" shark jump.  Really not a good place at all...
Went in, waited 5 minutes for just water n utensils. Another 10 minutes for the waiter to tell us they ran out of the "filthy chicken" appetizer we ordered, and another 15 minutes for Chicken Wings to arrive. Confirmed: Delirium Tremmens on Draft for $14! Ordered it, sat next to the bar saw the bartender poured it. Salivated for another 10 minutes just for our waiter to bring it over, while the other servers just stood there and watched the game and chat. Food ain't bad but the service is not even remotely representative of "strip" quality. It's amazing how they are overstaffed and no body is doing $hit! Bottom line, when you're around Chrystal Mall or Aria, GO EAT ELSE WHERE before shopping!
P.U.B. has it going on my Yelp fans! They feature over two dozen beers on tap and several other hard-to-find brew bottled.  The bartenders also make some wickedly delicious concoctions.  I was at PUB last night celebrating a friends birthday and felt right at home.  Darts, Beer Pong, 7 second drink-off, PUB was like being at my favorite neighborhood bar.  At one point I didn't realize that a hundred feet away is the single largest Louis Vuitton in existence.  That is the beauty of PUB; it takes the pompous, made of money, feeling out of Crystals.    The menu isn't happy hour cheap like Yardhouse, BJ's, or PT's.  However, the drinks, food, and service are all good..... I urge you to give Todd English's PUB a try.
Terrific food, excellent service, great selection of beers... running out of superlatives here...  I recommend the carved prime beef, on a toasted English muffin, with black truffle mayo.  It was exquisite.  You can order the 1/2 pound option and there will still be enough meat for two sandwiches (just ask for another muffin - they brought us one for free).  The fries were perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned.  The ambiance is less pubby than, say, Nine Fine Irishmen over in NYNY - and more upscale, like the other Aria restaurants.  Expect to pay a bit more, too.  The two of us were seated right away on a late Thursday evening, in a nice booth at our request.
I liked this place a lot.  The food here was amazing, and I don' t say that lightly.  I ordered the delicious brown butter lobster rolls and could only finish 1/2 of them.  My DH ordered the carvery duck, with the BBQ and the soy sauces, and this duck was amazing, rotissierie duck with crispy skin.  It was delicious.  He had them as deconstructed sandwiches on a roll; I was just picking at the delicious duck meat and skin.  Wow.  The beer list is quite extensive, too.  We sat during lunch time and were overlooking the City Center/Crystals lobby area.  Very relaxed vibe.  We did try it the night before for a beer, after our immense disappointment at THE PUB at Monte Carlo (not to be confused with this place).  After 11pm, the kitchen was closed and there was a lot of confusion with the seating.  We were told our section was closed, there was no service, but the staff still allowed patrons to sit there.  The staff said they'd 'be back' to seat us, but never did come back to seat us elsewhere, so we stayed at that table and eventually figured out that we would have to order from the bar.  We stayed for one drink.  I enjoyed the lunch experience a lot more.
Buck J and I stumbled upon this place a couple weeks ago just after it opened.  The best way I can describe this is "really effing good".  Great beer selection to start with.  We started with the Dirty Chips, which were amazing upscale nachos thing with house made potato chips, cheese and a whole bunch of awesome on the side.  The middle portion of their menu is the "Carving Board".  It's a great selection of house cured meats and you choose a bread and two sauces - basically make your own awesome sandwich.  I got the brisket with sourdough bread, truffled aioli and pineapple teriyaki sauce.  The teri sauce was awesome and I really liked the dish, definitely getting a different version of the carving board.  Definitely be stopping by next time we visit Vegas, and this could easily be up to 5 stars pretty easy.
When you want to drink or want to eat, this place is the right place to be any time of day.  This is the newest of Todd English restaurants in Vegas and is located at Crystals in City Center.  I found this place on Opentable and made reservations for 3 to celebrate my niece's engagement and pregnancy, and we were seated immediately upon arrival.  There is a nicely sized bar near the entrace where you don't need a reservation to sit and eat or drink.  You may  notice their hour glasses at every other seat and wonder, "just what the heck is this?"  Well, their theme is the seven second beer.  If you can down any of their beers in 7 seconds you get it for free.  It's a great gimmick and one that makes this bar a whole lot of fun.  I did arrive in the afternoon, though, and skipped the beer.  We requested a booth and that's exactly what we received.  Our server was nice and explained their menu, which is separated into parts as most are.  They have their seafood appetizers, their carney--assorted meats sold in 1/2 pound or 1 pound orders with bread and your choice of sauce--sammies, and sides.  Their wine menu is very extensive and quite impressive for a pub, so make sure to check it out while you're there.    We ordered a 1/2 pound of lamb for an appetizer with pita and black truffle mayo, mini corn dogs with fries, their grilled cheese and a fried bologna sandwich.  I know what you're thinking--this food sounds too simple and not worth the money.  WRONG!  Their portions are huge and definitely not the type of grilled cheese or bologna I could make at home.  Here's the breakdown of the meal:  1/2lb lamb with black truffle mayo and pita: As suggested by our waiter, we went with the bread and sauce he recommended, although there are several choices.  The lamb is so tender, juicy, and seasoned just right.  I cannot believe how good that lamb is, and is one of the reasons I'll go there on a regular basis.  I wanted to order the other meats to try, but a 1/2lb can serve three people in all honesty.  Great starter.  It's a meal as well, if you prefer, but you can request it to come out as an appetizer if you choose.  Corn dogs: cute miniature corn dogs that are great!  They make their own corn batter and fries, all truly good and better than those frozen ones I buy at the market for sure.  They do not have any condiments on the table--that's because they make their ketchup and mustard!  I dipped my dogs in their ketchup, which is slightly sweeter than the store bought, but I liked it.  Grilled Cheese: it's named something weird on the menu, but you'll recognize it from the description.  They use several cheeses and throw in sliced heirloom tomatoes and applewood smoked bacon, too. It's panini pressed into their fresh bread and served with your choice of fries.  I went for sweet potato fries and I ate it all up!  the grilled cheese is definitely for cheese lovers only.  They use a stronger cheese mix, so beware.  However, it's lovely, gooey, and huge!  I had to share it with my niece's boyfriend because I couldn't finish the sandwich alone.  i did, however, eat the entire bucket of sweet potato fries with their house ketchup.  I love how sweet they are but with that salty outside.  It's also a great alternative to the regular potato fry.  Fried bologna sammie with fatty fries: My niece loved it!  i tried a piece of the deli sliced bologna and I'll never eat store-bought again!  It was salty and had that nice pork flavor to it, and when it's fried in butter, it tastes even better!  Again, huge portions--enough for 2--and the fatty fries were well seasoned with simple salt.  Great hangover food choice, I think.  We didn't try any of their desserts and I am not sure if they have a dessert menu because I didn't ask.  However, I doubt anyone would eat anything after a regular order of food!  You have to ask your server what they recommend for the day because they know what's best.  Let them know your tastes, and they'll guarantee a great meal!  Overall, I'm thrilled with this pub and will be a regular here for lunch and dinner.  I'm hooked on their carney part of the menu and will deem this my meat restaurant of choice in vegas.  If you love pubs and want a great meal any time of day, you have to stop into this place.  It is definitely worth the price!
My fiance and I ate lunch here on our recent trip to Vegas. Service was excellent, as it should be in Las Vegas, and food was just as good. I just had a Caesar salad, and he had the Shepard's pie. The salad had a very interesting presentation, including full leaves of romaine. The dressing was to die for, and the croutons were possibly the best I ever had, and I consider myself a hard to please Caesar salad connoisseur.  It was just enough portion wise. My man loved his Shepard's pie. I had a few bites of it as well, and it was very tasty. Food here was well presented, and came out quickly. I wish we had been there at dinner time when more is maybe going on. I love that the tables here double as beer pong tables. Too bad there would have been no other patrons to challenge. Damn. Prices were your Vegas norm - entrees were approximately $15-$35 depending on what you order. Excellent place over all - We will be back!
So the insanity begins when you realize that if you can beat the 10 second "hourglass" timer affixed to the bar, your beer is free. Yes, you know what I mean, chug, chug, chug....you've already lost.
Most times when you go to bars that serve peanuts in shells, there are at least a few nuts that are kinda...retarded.  They taste off, look a little strange and are just throwaways.  How is it possible that every peanut this bar has is perfect??  Is there a guy in the back inspecting each and every peanut?   Aside from the fact that most beers start at $8 here..the food is certainly worth coming for.  We had a 1/2 lb of the pastrami and it was pure heaven.  I cannot wait to go back and try the rest of the carved meats.    It would be a bit pricey to get drunk at this place...perhaps just show up drunk already??
The lobster rolls were incredible.  Be careful though, the waitresses beer recommendation was $15.00 a glass, but to tell you the truth worth it.
We decided to stop in here for some apps and beers after checking out the City Center area.  The beer selection here is pretty good with some local craft brews on the menu.  The beers in general are a bit pricey tho ($9 for a Stella and $14 for a Delerium Tremens).    We sat in the bar area and the atmosphere is very open and comfortable.  Easy to hold a conversation and would be a nice place to take a date for drinks.  The apps were good.  I got the sliders and they were very tasty.  However, the service ended up being poor as our waitress seeemed to disappear for about 20 minutes leaving us with empty glasses.  I would have gone with three stars but as I came out of the bathroom (the sink area is shared by both guys and gals), a couple girls were giggling and fooling around and ended up making out with each other.   Anytime you can go to a bar and see a couple girls play some tonsil hockey with each other deserves an extra star.
There's only so much I can judge a place by when my order consists of "Corn Dog Puppies" but this is where we are in life.  Todd English P.U.B. got my attention when someone sent out a tweet mentioning their Tuesday night PBR special.  5 cents per 8 ounce PBR.  Basically they're giving it away.  I didn't go during this event but I might return in the future to check it out.  Instead I just went during a less than peak traffic period to get a taste for the place.  It's located in the bowels of CityCenter, which now features hit and miss iphone 3G coverage.  (An improvement over the "might as well just leave the phone in the car" coverage.)  Things I liked: - The staff is super friendly. - They serve Molson Canadian. - A good range of bar food appetizers, to seafood, to burgers and fries. - Free popcorn while you wait.  Things I don't like: - Kinda pricey. $8 for some mini corn dogs and a few fries. But I guess I should have expected as such dining at a new place with a celeb chef name at the most over the top location on the strip. - I know the place serves fish, but does the smell need to overpower the venue? - Kinda felt like the staff is pressured to upsell.  I just want a brief snack/appetizer.  Don't need to be questioned repeatedly if I want to order more stuff.  I could see myself coming back if I had some money to burn and want to have a good meal.  I saw some dishes being taken to other guests and the presentation looks excellent.
Food so so, who cares though. The beers on tap here are world class. Fullers ESB, Strongbow, Tripel Karmeliet, Chimay Cinq Cents, etc. Im rating this 5 as a bar / pub with great taps. I drank with a bonafide British guy and when a guy from Germany or Britain approves of what comes out of the taps that just buttresses that which I already know, the beer here is great!  Come on in for a drink.
Been here several times. I must say that I really do love this place. Although I am currently on a sobriety fix through August, this is a great place to throw back several beers and be amongst the best of friends (or strangers you just met).  Beer selection is VERY good. Lot's of great imports and craft beers. Also you have your usual more well-known American counterparts like PBR. Tuesday nights from 9-12am you can get PBR in 8oz cups for a nickel. Think of all the hijinks that would ensure.  I've never eaten here. Only drank and hungout. Food portions look amazing, and it looks like high quality stuff. My foodie friends and strangers seem to really enjoy it, and I trust their opinions.  After all, who doesn't trust a stranger?
The beer options are massive, those that have sampled Olive's will be intrigued, but after 3 visits, there's a huge problem-- the service is terrible. One thing that's happened every time I've walked in from Pocket Park, is this dialogue with the hostess were I basically have to spell out that I'm a diner, I would like a table for my party, and we want to EAT HERE. I don't usually walk into a restaurant to sight see. Please please, say hello, ask what I'm here for (a reservation accepted or to be made, or an inquiry about getting seated). DO say hello to patrons. DO NOT text, talk with waiters, then go back to your paperwork duties. It's a constant complaint that has been discused on many blogs, podcasts, and with my friends (3 tries) something's wrong there!  It's weird...I know  Anyway, expect even lesser service at the tables, you'll see some tables get pop corn, huge bread baskets, yours might even be one, but others will get just a quick pass from a waiter saying hello and then asking for an order. Then...prepare to wait. On all three ocassions I've waited at least 45 minutes for the entree. That's rediculous for a PUB.   The food is okay, the mac and cheese is fine, the bangers and mash consists of bland potatoes and bland sausage, even by english pub standards. The fish and chips is outstanding. The beer selection amazing.  Just know what you're getting into here, this restaurant, after being open over three months does not have it's act together. And, the staff clearly acts like they don't care.   If you love Todd English (I do) try this place, but otherwise skip it-- it's not in the same class as his other establishments. I'm pretty dissapointed.
In a sea of over-the-top bars and lounges, Todd English's P.U.B. is a nice, casual departure....   If you are a beer fan, COME HERE. No need to pay $9 for a Bud Light at the Gold Lounge in Aria, come to P.U.B. where you can have a 4-beer flight for only $15!   The bar menu is fantastic too....we had the mini pretzels and the mini parmesan chicken sandwiches.  They were great and I suspect whatever we would have ordered would have tasted great.  The only issue?  We were there around 1:00am, so not ridiculously late by Vegas standards, and on TV they were showing infomercials.  Really?  As much as I love watching people become transformed by P90X, I'd prefer to at least watch ESPN news, and I'm a girl.  Or maybe just shut the TV's off and make the bar patrons actually talk with one another?  Just a thought.  I recommend P.U.B. to anyone at Aria/Crystals who wants something lively yet casual.  Great people, food, service, and drinks.
I should have left when I saw the roach wandering around on the floor near the hostess table and the waitresses trying to divert attention away from it.  I had an appetizer and a sandwich.  Luckily I had a table, since the bar was full of frat-boys having chugging contests.  The appetizer was disgusting: cold, greasy, and completely gross.  The sandwich was okay, but the bread was too hard.   If you want a place to go and have an overpriced beer and bar food, eat here.  Otherwise, go to one of the other great places in CityCenter or Aria.  I'd have to say that P.U.B. fails for English.
the best place on the strip !!the beers are amazing !! the staff is great !!the food is great !! great job for a place that just opened !! go down and try to beat the 7 second hourglass beer challenge !! great bar staff !! food is out of this world !!
Justin B. and myself came here for lunch on a friday afternoon around 1pm. place wasnt too packed and was seated at a booth right away. the lunch menu consists of a lot of burgers/sandwiches and a great selection of beer. i decided to go with the make your own sandwich carvery option. you basically get to choose the bread, meat, and sauce to create your own sandwich. i went with the 1/2 pound of beef brisket on mini kaiser rolls for about $18 (think mini sliders). the portions are super generous! i was full after making 2 sliders and i practically still had an entire plate of brisket leftover! pair that with some tasty skinny fries and a hefenweizen - it's a great lunch and way to start of the weekend! haha  note - the brisket leftovers (even cold) made a great late night snack while drunk at 4am haha :)
We're NEVER on the strip unless we have guests, and we had family over this weekend so we took a stroll through the infamous City Center and decided to have a bite to eat at the Pub.   We arrive, and it's kind of loud in there, music was on blast. It's a nice place to maybe, drink but the food was crap. We waited about 10 mins before our waitress came over to greeted us, take our drink orders and then 10 mins after that, she returns only to tell us that we have only about 10 mins before the kitchen closes... WTF, why didn't you tell us that when you first approached us?! SO, since we were short on time, we asked her "What do you recommend?" and ordered whatever she spit out, BIGGEST MISTAKE-- EVER!!! But that's our fault for listening to her, no it's our fault for even coming here. Of course this chick wants a high tip-out so she of course recommends, the Lobster Rolls, a whopping $25. OK, so it's lobster and we're expecting quality for that price, hey, it's City Center, an MGM property, only good shit, right? WRONG. First of all, they are SMALL and consists of mostly bread. They used CLAW MEAT, the tail of the lobster is normally used for Lobster Rolls! That's the worst part to use, AND it was overcooked and chewy, WTH. They're more like shitty SLIDERS than an actual Lobster Roll. It also came with stale chips and some mushy cole slaw, YUUUUUUUCK. Worst $25 spent.   The next thing on our menu was the chili. We like to try the chili when ever we go to a new restaurant. It was good for the first couple bites but after that, it became saltier with every spoonful. We were over the taste but we were hungry so we ate it anyway. My brother & his gf had a sandwich and sliders, both were disappointed in their selections, and again, recommended by the server.   We were still hungry when we left this place, it's ridiculous considering the final cost of our bill! The bill was $70 between 4 people and I was the ONLY one that had beer, everyone else had water... Damn, it's a Pub, they're trying to be some kind of "High End" Pub? That's an oxymoron. They should think about renaming their Establishment and tweaking their menu, its sucks.
I appreciate P.U.B. esp. since the strip has few bars with long beer lists.  That said, the selection at Burger Bar is longer and better.  Nonetheless, my husband and I enjoyed stopping here for to try some new beers, and the bartender was friendly.
Just say no.  At first glance, it's cute..and it tells you to come hither.  So you do.  I was expecting awesome food for some odd reason..  mostly because I love pubs, and most of the time the experience is fun and yummy.  We arrived as a group of six, and were seated within ten minutes.  So far so good.  The menu is fun.  Half of the menu (literally, half) is their beer selection.  Too bad I only like pale/light/crisp beers, so my choices were limited.. but I still enjoyed my "Straten", from Germany.  On draft/draught.    I was debating between the bison burger (never had, and was even contemplating subbing with regular ground beef had I gotten it).. the toppings sounded good..  I think it was blue cheese, celery, carrot.  Now that I wrote it out, it doesn't sound that great at all.  Either way, I'll never know, because I got the fish and chips.  Figured.. it's an English pub.. get one of their specialties.    My cousins got the chicken parm sliders.  They actually sound good, even though it's not the thing to order anywhere that isn't Italian.  But there was a problem.  So let me ask you this.  When you hear "chicken parm", you think breaded chicken breast, right?  Not ground chicken meat with a sour marinara, right?  Well, that's what this was.  Ground chicken.  Why?  It should be named "ground chicken sliders with acidic tomato sauce".  And you only get three, and I believe it's an "entree" dish!  Not an appetizer.  Booooo.  My fish n' chips were good, but nothing that other pubs should be worried about.  Two pieces of fried Cod, and the batter was good.  Crispy, although a bit too thick.  The fish itself was a tad overcooked and rubbery, but shake some malt vinegar on it and you're good to go.  It comes with thick/steak cut fries.  The dipping sauces are tartar and a creamy malt vinegar.  I prefer regular malt vinegar, which you have to ask for..    odd for an English pub.  Usually they have cruets or the Heinz version of it on the table.  $18?  That's not right.  Oh, but it was.  Anyway, the person who wrote the menu descriptions should be paid a million billion dollars for making everything sound so good.. and unique.    Ambiance is cool.  Beer selection is nice.  Food is a definite miss.  Prices are not matched properly to the quality and amount.  Service is very good.  The employees are very friendly and kind.
Nickel PBR night at Todd English P.U.B. can safely be called the busiest event going on at City Center on a Tuesday night. This should come as no surprise. NICKEL PBR. Need I say more?   I went here for dinner and beer with my boyfriend and some friends. I was surprised by their selection of beers. Not quite as large as Yardhouse, but impressive nonetheless. I ordered a Kronenbourg 1664, which is a usual of mine. I had some trouble ordering from the menu because nothing was exactly how I would like it and I prefer not to be one of those "Can I get the bacon cheeseburger, no cheese, no bacon?" kind of people. So I got the double cheeseburger, sans the double. The best way to judge a restaurant, particularly a casual restaurant, is to have the burger. If they can make a good burger, then I can confidently order from the rest of the menu. P.U.B. did not disappoint. The burger was delicious; seasoned properly and cooked to perfection. Despite being over-sized, the bun was awesome. To top it all off, the seasoned skinny fries were fantastic.   Once the beer, burger, and fries were gone, it was time. Bring on the PBR. Let's just say, you get what you pay for. Who says you can't buy anything for a nickel anymore? One nickel can buy you a plastic cup filled with the beer that has been an American icon and beloved by Midwesterners for decades. May not have lived up to my Kronenbourg 1664, but it made for good times.   Overall, I enjoyed the experience at Todd English P.U.B. The prices were typical Las Vegas Strip prices and apparently low for City Center. The staff still had that "I don't know what I am doing" attitude, but our waiter was decent. I can't say that you'll be able to find me there every Tuesday night, but I'm sure that was not my last visit. If you want some slightly overpriced, slightly better-than-expected burgers, and nickel PBR, Todd English P.U.B. is what you want.
My girlfriend and I went to this Public Urban Bar (come on guys, just call it a pub) after reading Matt C's glowing review on here, mostly because the lure of nickel PBR's could not be ignored forever.  After finally figuring out how to get into the damn place, we took our seats and ate some food (and drank some real beer) until 9PM, when the PBR party officially started.  I tried the roast beef sliders, which were about as tasty as the roast beef sandwiches at Arby's. That is, worth about three bucks. They couldn't be simpler, either. Roughly four inches of roast beef between two buns with (I think) some sort of aioli thrown in so it at least has some sort of flavor. I love roast beef as much as the next guy, but these sliders were just too much. These suckers cost me thirteen smackers, which they are definitely not worth. The nickel beers (if you can call PBR beer) were definitely nice, but the mediocrity of my meal stuck with me.  I'm not going to get into details about my adventure today trying to recover the debit card I left at the P.U.B. last night, but let me give you a piece of advice: Never deal with the City Center security / lost and found department if you can avoid it. I'm pretty sure it's the entire staff's first day, every day.  Between the moderate inaccessibility compared to other pubs in town, the extremely high prices on everything (seriously, nine bucks for a Blue Moon?), and the unremarkable food, I can't recommend this place unless you've got friends who really insist on meeting up there -- or you go on a Tuesday night for some really cheap (in multiple senses) beer. I hear the actual burgers are actually quite good though, so maybe I'll try one soon. I'll have to save up for a while first, though.
I loved Todd English PUB.  It seems like some places that blend nice and casual fail terribly and some succeed wildly.  I think Todd English PUB does the latter.  From the beer flights to the tile walls to the tv's with sports to the chicken pot pie on the menu, there are real pieces of casual flare everywhere even though it is located where the Aria hotel meets the Crystals shopping area (two of the nicer complexes in Vegas).  But don't let the casualness fool you, the food is not lacking.  The shrimp cocktail is really good and especially the cocktail sauce is amazing.  The beer flights are fun and depending on your taste can be really good.    I had the ckicken pot pie for dinner and to be fair, I love chicken pot pie almost anywhere I can get it but to also be fair is was really freakin good.  Overall, it is a fun place that IMO takes the best of a casual food atmosphere and blends it with really good food which I love.  I especially love it because all to often I feel like I end up at places that use the casual element on the food prep and make their atmosphere nice but stuffy and thus fail on both sides.  I also love that they serve PBR!
I was in town for a friend's bachelor party.  We were wandering through Aria - and I saw P.U.B. on the way in.  After a little indulgence in the Sports Book (solid), we checked out a few other menus before committing.  Grabbed 4 seats at the bar - hassle free.  Good bartenders - watched them officiate the 9.5 second egg timer pint chug - pretty impressed to see 3 guys get through it.  The whole experience was solid. We chose to eat at the bar and met some good people - except for Jimmy O. taking an accidental dart in the eye. Above average: Duck sliders  Good:  Dirty Chips with Chicken livers Chicken Parm sliders Lobster roll  Not so hot: Smoked Salmon Quesadilla - not bad, just not expected
I had to write a quick review.... I really enjoyed this place. It's a fun atmosphere, with plenty of drinks flowin.   They have a great little patio outside for those who enjoy the outdoors, and plenty of seating inside, including a large bar with seating all around. Large TVs to watch the game, hockey was on when we were there. I tried a few bites of everyone's food and everything was awesome! The brisket was so flavorful and the sliders were tasty. I have to say my fave was the fries, some of the best french fries I have tasted since the ones at Half Moon. Yum! Have to try them!   Oh but don't forget about the 7 second beer chugging challenge.... order any draft beer and finish it in 7 seconds or less and you don't have to pay for it. Awesome idea! Here in AZ we aren't able to play such fun drinking games, but Vegas is a whole different story. Little Miss Georgeann G. finished her second attempt in less than 7 seconds, after taking the boys advice to drink Guinness, smoother they said. Good job G!
oooooh so good! we were tight on time, got seated right away and our server arrived promptly wo take our order and provide excellent reccomendations Fish and chips-battered and flaky fish perfectly cooked Lobster roll -omg the bread was buttered, panfried and stuffed with lobster meat smoked salmon quesidellia-topped with crumbled egg and capers, salmon very fresh and fork tender
The beer flight (I had the Big Boy) was really delicious, including chimay, and was a nice price.  I can't give any start for the fish, which was 80% breading and 20% actual fish. Fatties (fries were yummy!) Good service, nice atmosphere.
5 cent PBR beers on Tuesdays is what got me here.   Let's be honest, why would I samps pub food or beer in City Center..it just screams expen$ive.  But, the food wasn't too bad on price and it was delishhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....how do i add more 'H's here??  My friend and I shared a lamb sandwich on pita with truffle mayo and soy maple sauce....OMFG....SO EFF'N GOOD =)  Come for the 5cent beer but, STAY FOR THE INCREDIBLE FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you Todd English PUB for making my birthday a great one. I needed a place to have my  large party have a bite to eat before dancing the night away. I wanted to find a place close enough to our hotel (Aria) so that my large party wouldn't have to travel so far.  I also didn't want to force my party into dining at a fixed menu joint and/or spending an arm and a leg for a crappy meal. So I found the PUB, and wasn't disappointed.   My boyfriend and I ordered the lobster rolls, mini corn dogs (I know, but I couldn't help it), and the duck buns. All 3 were soo good. I had people stealing my mini corn dogs while I wasn't looking. I had bites of my friend's shepard's pie...and it was SOOOO good.   Service was incredibly great. And making reservations were even more pleasant. The manager was so great in trying to help me out as much as possible. I have to say, eating is not easy for a large group in Vegas, but somehow it worked out here.  Thanks so much again...!!!
We only drank here because we were eating at Sage. We only had one beer each because this place was very pricey. We had three Bosteele, a Fat tire and a sampler and the cost was almost $60.   They do have a raw bar. Which seemed fresh. The bartender was good, not pushy and was patient with our order.   If you have another choice of places to drink, go there. The PUB is a bit overrated.
This is a great "guy's" restaurant.  That's not to say women won't enjoy this place, but it's geared towards men.  The flat panels all over the place showing sports, the hearty portions - it's very manly. =)  Came here for lunch with a friend and I loved the fresh oysters and crab claws sitting on ice, the baseball games displayed on the TVs, and the smell of roasting meats in the air.  I knew I was in the right place.  Started with a dozen fresh oysters.  Half of them were from the East coast and the other half from the West Coast.  They were very fresh and mild.   We also ordered the Dirty Chips ($14), but not by choice.  I tried to order something else and they had already discontinued it from the menu.  Boo.  The Dirty Chips were pretty good, but they were just too much food for my friend and I to eat.  They are homemade kettle chips covered in bleu cheese, bacon bits, scallions and fried chicken livers.  Ugh.   My arteries took a serious hit after eating some of these, but they were damn good.    For our entrees, he ordered the Organic Chicken Pot Pie ($18) - chicken, potatoes, carrots topped with a puff pastry crust.  It was huge!  I ordered from their "meat" menu.  They have a menu where you choose the meat and they carve it out for you and you get your choice of bread and condiments to make yourself a sandwich.  I ordered the Prime Rib, which came out shaved and oh so deliciously moist and rare.  I ordered it with the sourdough bread and creamy horseradish sour cream and mayo with truffles.  Sooooo good!  Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.  If you need to take a break from all the gambling and partying and just get a nice, hearty, "man" meal - come to Public Urban Bar.  Pros: good comfort food, huge portions, reasonable prices, laid back atmosphere  Cons: I honestly can't think of anything specific.  Good job, P.U.B.!
I went to Todd English's P.U.B. last month with a couple of friends.  When you put it in the context of Las Vegas and the insane rent this place must be paying at CityCenter, the prices are more than reasonable for what you get.  Of the restaurants I have been to in Vegas, this place was one of the most reasonable priced.    Now for the food.  I ordered the brisket carvery with a side of fries (fries are ordered separately) and I probably could have shared it with somebody.   There was so much food I left half the sandwich on the plate.  The brisket was extremely tasty, and the condiments I chose (truffle mayo, horseradish sour cream) were both fantastic.  The ambience was also great, as it was like an upscale more sophisticated sports bar in a "publike" atmosphere.    Overall, I give this place five stars, especially when viewed in light of all the other options in Vegas (all the extremely high priced ones that is).  My sole complaint is that the hostess said we would have to wait to sit outside and the server outside said there was no wait to sit outside.  Small complaint, but a problem nonetheless.
I'm a vegas regular and decided to try something new this latest vacation. I'm obsessed with Olives by Todd English so I thought I would try out P.U.B..  It was solid and I'll be back.   The server was great, very helpful, honest, and friendly.  The food was good too, I had the lamb with challah which I loved, especially when I added the truffle may and the horseradish. The only critique is that I would have liked lettuce onion and tomato to add to my sandwich.   The best part of P.U.B. was the 7 second drink special. Finish a beer in under 7 seconds and it's free! It can only be done at the bar but even if you're sitting in the dining room they will let you walk over to the bar and take a shot. Good times.
6/12/10 With my GF  Lunch: 1. Fright United Kingdoms $14 Came with 4 drinks, all biter beers. I didn't like it that much, but I was able to finish them all. 4 * type of beer I like (Blue moon)  1. Fish & Chips $19 My GF like the dish she was able to finish it in no time. Came with two sauces. 4 *  1. 1/2 Sirloin $36 Didn't like it that much. Didn't finish it either. It came disassemble so you have to assemble it yourself. However, I was told by our waitress that I have to assemble them myself. 3 1/2 *  Total: $74.59  Pro: It's a sport bar, my sanctuary. We were watching FIFA USA vs. England.  Con: None
First things first, food/beer was phenomenal (pretzels w/ multiple mustard choices, chicken pot pie is out of control - ask for some tabasco to take it to the next level)  One problem - I was not sure for half the night if it was a gay bar?? - the bartenders (all dudes with schmedium t-shirts and the same crew cut) -- this is Las Vegas, not the castro, get with it and hire a few knockouts to get behind that bar and do you proud
Vegas stop # 1 after we drove in from LA was to grab dinner here. Oh man, absolutely delicious! Started off with a cup of Franziskaner (for someone that doesn't super enjoy beer, it's great...really light, not bitter at all) and I tried something from the raw bar for the first time; a littleneck clam! Served on a plate of ice with cocktail sauce and malt vinegar with a line, it was so freaking good.  The menu had a carvery section that seemed to be their specialty and was the only thing that wasn't too cliche sounding (or crazy sounding), so I ordered the half pound of pastrami. The meat was so thick and delicious. By far, the best sauce was the black truffle mayo!! The horseradish sauce was alright too.  I want to say that the atmosphere kind of felt like the Yard House. Lights turned down really dim, TV screens all over the place, a bar in the center where people were milling around, slightly loud, but you could still talk to the people at your table without raising your voice.
Fish and Chips awesome!  Service was really bad! Really really bad.  Oh, and the hostess was rude, bitchy and one of those girl who thinks she's really hot, but in all actuality has a butter face (you know who you are!) I know I shouldn't expect much of Vegas, and I generally don't, but say hello in the first fifteen minutes of me being here and I will be fine.  Everything took forever, and the server was a vacant retard (not trying to offend anyone, but seriously, this dude was an idiot).  I don't know what it was, maybe I was pissed off because my family was irritating, but the only thing that is worth coming for is the fish and chips, if they didn't have these I might have burnt the place down...  5 stars for the fish and chips -2 stars for the hostess -2 stars for the service +1 star because I don't like having too many 1 star reviews on my Yelp..I am not a hater, I just tell it like it is!  Bottom line - 2 stars!
Good place.  Prices seem just a little high at first, but once you see the size of the portions, all is understood.  Splitting things is definitely recommended.  Good manhattans, loved the dirty chips appetizer.  Sadly out of the lobster roll, so I went with a plain pastrami selection with rye bread that was really good.  Juicy flavorful pastrami without too much saltiness.  The other sammich selection was a grilled bologna that was quite tasty as well.  We definitely should have split one of the entrees though - those dirty chips fill you up!  And, service was very good - it was busy as poo due to the world cup and nickle PBR night, yet everyone from hostesses to waitstaff was friendly and attentive.
Enjoyed both meals I had here during recent visit to Vegas. Plenty of draught beer, PUB food with a twist, and awesome service! Highly recommend to those of you who love PUBs, but want something a bit more classy than your usual local dive. Of course you'll pay more...It's in Aria which is the newest hotel on the strip...But, if you can drain beers in 8 seconds then you get 'em for free!
Walked in here fairly hung over on a Sunday morning after a night of Vegas. We were looking to get some delicious food before hitting the road back to LA and perhaps helping our hangovers.   P.U.B. does seem like the Yard House or something similar - lots of beers, bar-type atmosphere, nice and lit up with patio seating if you wish. We sat inside and the first thing we noticed were the humorous placemats that have lots of intersting beer quotes on them.   Our service was okay, one of the 2 things that knocked this down from 5 stars. The waitress took a LONG time to bring us our beers; my girlfriend ordered a 2nd beer during her meal that didn't arrive until she was completely done with it, thus negating the point of a beer. The waitress made no attempt to comp things like bringing out the other kind of tea because they didn't have the one we wanted, or bringing things out late. Although she did apologize.   The food itself was amazing, and that's where all 4 stars come in and then some. We started with the mussel cocktail which comes out with delicious sauces and about 12 pieces for only 5 bucks. I ordered from the carvery - lamb, and went with the waitresses' recommendation of sauces - horseradish sour cream and pineapple sauce on pita. It was amazing, paired with sweet potato fries (ask for ranch to dip). My girlfriend got the burger which was really good, my brother went with the grichebachtom which was an interesting twist on a grilled cheese sandwitch that turned out very well.   The beer selection was awesome, and so were the cocktails. I forget the name of my cocktail but it was gin, cucumber, st. germain, and a couple of other things. It really hit the spot, and the beers my party ordered did too, however some of them were extremely overpriced in my opinion. Another thing which was priced high was the raw bar with seafood options - 4.50$ per shrimp for a shrimp cocktail. The oysters were delicious but everything else was pretty damn expensive.   Overall a great place to go for lunch; expect to drop around 20$ on the entree, 10-15$ a drink, at the least. Minus one star for high prices and not-so-great service. Four stars for an innovative menu with lots of interesting twists, modern options, and things to try.
Came here a few times during a recent trip to Vegas.  The drinks are alright.  The bar area, has a fun vibe.  If you can drink your beer in under 4 seconds, you get it for free!  A friend did that, and it was hilarious watching him.  Ate the fish & chips here and they were mighty tasty.   Overall, worth a visit for the fun ambience and good bar food.
Came here for drinks and to check out the civic center. I had a wonderful time here. Our waitress was adorable and really nice. Their drink menu had so many options and around 50 beers on tap. Even some local craft beers. You could get beers in pints, yards and pitchers. Also in flights of four! I had the Tenaya Creek Pilsner, a local Vegas brewery. Interesting flavors, very earthy and well balanced.   Their menu also looked great, but we were so full from another restaurant. They also give free pints if you can finish them in 7 seconds. Pretty entertaining. Thought their cocktails were great, which included a 24 ounce Pabst and a shot of Jack Daniels. Pretty great. Will be back again.
What a disappointment,  I was really hoping for a great experience. Possibly the apathetic staff is to blame, however it was really sad.  We sat at the bar, for a late Sunday lunch. Looking at the fun impressive beer menu. I wish I would have been told about the flights of beer, but no matter.  Looking over the menu, the roasted meat selection and bread for sandwiches seemed to be a fun lunch, coupled with an order of skinny and fat fries, and we were off.  Weirdly, chicken on the bone, that was covered in a sweet sauce came out with two pieces of bread, and two very mediocre sauces (BBQ and Miso Soy). My husband had the brisket on a hoagie roll, which was fine, not anything great but decent. Our french fries didn't come out, and when we told the bartender she acted as if she didn't know why they weren't out, instead of just saying she forgot to order them. (which was evident later on our bill)  After 15 minutes, my cold skinny fries and husbands fat fries came out hot. Surprisingly at the end of the whole ordeal, we were presented with a check for 44 dollars, without the french fries on the ticket. Ok, fine, I guess the whole thing was just a mediocre lunch, and maybe try again another time.  Surprisingly after we flagged the bartender down to let us pay, we were given our credit card receipt back WITH the fries added after!   AMAZING! It is just another example of a restaurant with no love in the food, a staff who doesn't really care about what they are doing, food that isn't spectacular and its a shame!  I wish I was reporting better news, and I hope that locals and tourists start demanding more from these hotels than just celebrity chefs with restaurants that are sub par.
That place is so much fun!!! Their beer selection is better then any pub in Las Vegas and they have cask beer! The carvery meats are so good and you have to try their brisket. The service is great ! We had such a great time and definitely coming back  for that bread pudding.  Looks like those guys know what they are doing for sure!
Service was great and so was the food.  I now want to open my own "sliders" restaurant after enjoying the chicken parm sliders.  Great selection of beers and several options for tasting flights.  Their deserts looked amazing but we didn't save room.  Overall, great experience and one of the most reasonably priced meals we ate while in LV.
I've been to Todd English's restaurants in both Boston and Las Vegas and this place doesn't measure up at all.  The atmosphere was pretty cool but the food was very disappointing.  I had the Bison burger and I'd much rather have an In-N-Out burger.  The meat was bland and the bun wasn't fresh.  My wife had the lobster roll and it was very salty.  No need to dress up lobster if the quality is good.  I'd probably won't be going back.  Way too many better options in Vegas for a $30 per person lunch.
THE GOOD: I really like the menu here. Lots of interesting twists on classics. One of my favorites was the pastrami sliders. They were super tasty with nice lean meat and soft bun and it comes with a healthy size of fries... all for only $13. The service could not have been better! Our waiter was super informative, attentive and friendly. The vibe inside is energetic without being overly loud or gimicky. The abundance of booths is a big plus also. The beer selection is outstanding.  THE BAD:  While I understand the prices in Vegas (and places like this) are a bit high... I found the food prices to be a real value, BUT the beer prices are too high. $8-9 for a pint is a bit too much. If the prices were in the $6-7 range, we would have ordered a second round. Also, the fish & chips was just OK...  BOTTOM LINE: In an area of the Vegas Strip (CityCenter) that has uber-high priced everything, you can escape all that at P.U.B. You'll be treated to every interesting and delicious food along with a pint of beer for a decent price.
What a cool place!  The vibe really nice, the barstaff is super friendly. This pub has a lot of different things on the menu that all seemed really good. Our bartender recomended the roast beef sliders which were really yummy.... and they have quite a draft beer selection.     Being a local, this is definetly going to be a place where we'll come often to hang out !
As one of the ONLY semi-reasonable places to eat and drink in City Center, that alone should put it on your must-do list if you're staying there! Overall an awesome place to get your drink on with only a few nitpicky complaints from me !  Service/Atmosphere: Awesome! We sat at the bar and were well taken care of all afternoon. My gripe here is there aren't enough TVs and they are too small. Unless you get a great seat expect to be squinting at the TV. The placement is also odd. The bar has TV's on the ends but none in the middle? Annoying if you're stuck in the middle seats. This was a fun place to watch World Cup - but only because we got good seats.   Drinks: Prices were bad, as expected. Not like gouge you bad, but typical Vegas strip prices. $8-$10 average for a pint (at least they had fancy ass beers!), $10 for a glass of wine, $11 for a mixed drink. The free beer if you can chug it in 4 seconds game was a cool addition but didn't see anyone trying it !   Food: Some real gems! A raw bar and carvery and tons of fun sounding British pub type food ! SWEET! We tried 2 meats from the "carvery": Brisket and Duck. 1 # of each was $30ish/meat. Hardly cheap, but I'd say count on 1/2 # pp .. $15 each for a good meal isn't terrible. You get to pick 2 sauces per meat and 1 bread per meat. The standout sauce is the black truffle mayo.. OMG it's wonderful on ANYTHING. You've made a mistake if you don't choose it ! So the brisket was just OK, definitely not best BBQ in vegas material or anything. The duck was FANTASTIC. Only pet peeve here was they just shoved 1/2 a duck on our plate. So much for their "carvery". If I'm paying you $30 for half a duck can you cut it up for me damnit?! Other than having to carve our own duck at the bar, I absolutely adored that dish. Would get it again and again. Does duck go with black truffle mayo? Oh hell YES it does! This is the food stuff of low carb dreams :)  Overall cool atmosphere, decent set up for watching games, fair drink prices and fab food menu. Service was great. Look forward to trying more goodies from the food menu in the future ! Every order I saw pass us by looked amazing.
The food was good for bar food, subpar for a gastropub and not what I really expected from Todd English.  Hard to say if its overpriced or not, given the mindwarp that is Vegas, but none of the dishes were outstanding.  I've eaten at Olives (one of Todd's other concepts) and was blown away and expected a similar effort here, that just missed the mark.  The concept itself is a little confusing, gastropub crossed with frat house sounds like it would be right up my alley.  But upon further reflection, I like to keep my meals and beer pong/"7 second beer chug and its free" competitions seperate.    Not a bad place for a quick and easy meal, but didn't live up to the Todd English expectations that I had.
I'm always suspect about branding around celebrities and food. That goes for ingredients, to cookware, to restaurants. If the name wasn't there, would it be just as good? Well, the Todd English P.U.B. (even the name irks me. Would it be so bad to just say "pub"?) seems to stand up as a respectable establishment hype aside.  The service was noticeable immediately when we entered as personable and helpful. We got seats on a Saturday night with very little wait. The place is spacious and bustling. Restaurants in Vegas don't have the selection of beer I come to expect in my home town, but here, the selection is respectable. Lots of things on tap, both imports (Belgian, German, English, etc.) and American microbrews (and they even have a cask ale, which is hard to find) .   Here's a summary of what we tried:   Raw oysters - fresh and delicious, just like in California.  Dirty Chips - GET THIS! Unsure what sick mind came up with it, but it was delicious as an appetizer.  Duck Confit from the carvery - Delicious. The maple soy sounded a bit suspect, but the savory/sweetness worked well with the duck. Use sparingly though, it's a bit concentrated. All you need is a dab. The other sauce that we ordered was the black truffle mayo. As other reviewers rave, it is awesome. Try dipping fries in it!  Sheperds Pie - meat and potatoes in a cast iron dish, how can you go wrong? Delicious.  The portions are plenty large, so bring an appetite. The prices are what you'd expect from a restaurant on the strip, but relatively speaking, it was worth the price. (tip: the drinks are what seem to be over-priced; don't come here to get liquored up for cheap) Will definitely go back when I'm visiting again.
I heard of Todd English when he was on Top Chef. I never tried out his famous Olives joint, mainly because it is rather expensive, but then Todd does us all working folk a favor by opening up this relatively inexpensive place located in Crystals at City Center. The dude basically takes traditional english pub food and jazzes it up. I ordered the beef brisket carved sandwich and fries..and i was surprised by how tender the beef was. You make your own sandwich..the meat was on the side with the bread and some pickled veggies. The star was the dipping sauce..if you eat here you MUST order the black truffle mayo. To die many times for. I would venture forth into red neck country, steal a hillbilly's truck and false teeth if it means I can eat this stuff again. Oh yeah, as expected they have a very impressive list of beers to give you alcoholics a joy-gasm. Sandwiches are between 12 and 20 bucks for a half order, if you want more meat, that is more money.
After hearing about their 7-second challenge, I had to try this place. For the unfamiliar: Pick any pint of beer under $12, drink it in under 7 seconds and it's free. They even have hourglass timers bolted right into the bar.  The challenge isn't very difficult. I promptly downed two Guinness in 14 seconds and then ordered a Tenaya Creek Nutty Brown Ale and chicken wings.  Atmosphere is laid back, food is decent, and there is a good selection of beer. This place would be awesome with a live band and a dance floor.
We went here for a casual dinner and to watch Dodger game on Sunday. We sat at the bar and even though you could order food there, the bartendress behaved as if she were going out of way to even bring us drinks much less food. She said "hello" and "goodbye" the whole time we were there (about 1.5 hours) and that was it.  We purposely went early to avoid the rush so a crowded bar was not an issue. Ordered one dish & drinks and left because of the very poor service.  With all the choices along the strip, the attitude will not help keep customers coming back, at least not this one. Good luck Mr. English...
nickel beer tuesdays from 9 - 11pm  go figure the type of crowd todd english attracts during these 2 hours (egh), but i can't complain for 5cents a pop.   would love to come back for a meal sometime and re-rate.   a-ok, so far todd english..
Not many people know that this place is the home of the 7 second beer contest.  Basically, if you finish a beer (of your choice) in 7 seconds or less, you get it for free!  The glass starts on the table and must end on the table.  Kind of nerve racking because they are banging on pots and pans while you are drinking, along with the pressure of the 7 second hour glass.  If you've never tried it before, I'd recommend you get a Guinness because it has less carbonation, therefore easier to down.  How did I do? Let's just say I've accomplished one of my goals in life haha.   ********************** To update this review, they are no longer accepting guiness for the challenge.  You must choose a 9 dollar beer that's off of their menu.  I recommend the Irish cream.  It's the easiest of the allowed choices.   **********************  Oh and as a sidenote, be careful when you do this because my friend was so anxious that when he knocked the glass up, he got whiplash from it LOL.  He was hurtin' for 2 months hahahhaha.  He's never gonna live that down for the rest of his life =)  But anywayz, on to the food, I had the bison burger (medium) and my girlfriend had the roast beef sandwich on an english muffin served with fries with your choice of two dipping sauces (she chose the truffle mayo and bbq sauce).  The bison burger was very tasty but I should have ordered medium rare because it seemed a little overcooked.  The roast beef sandwich...@*(%&&@#*(%&*(@ .   That's cussing in a good way because it was @(%&# fantastic!!!   Meat was tasty (a little salty, but the black truffle mayo neutralized some of that salt) and the pickled sides it came with were a nice touch.  I would have given this place 5 stars except that this place is quite pricey.  But what do you expect? It's basically center strip vegas in an upscale hotel.  Beers are upward of 9 dollars ... so make sure you DONT fail on your seven second beer binge hehe.
i  went  to the Todd English P.U.B thinking it would be great and it started  that  way and  then the food came i had a grilled cheese with brie and bacon it was kida good  my brother had a chili dog it was not so good and  my mom got  the lobster rolls  they were also  disappointing and so were the desserts but the atmosphere was great and the service was good but i don't think i will be eating here  again.
Walked around ARIA and chose this place to eat at. Wanted to try Wolfgang but it was closed. Guess they don't do lunch!  Anywho, started off with the Flight of fruity beers. YUM~ apple, raspberry, peach, and apricot I believe. For entrees we had the Workmans Grilled Cheese and the Double Cheeseburger. I didn't try the Burger but it was inhaled. The fries that come with it are steak fries. They were kind of mushy. The Grilled Cheese was yummy. It was salty and very rich as I only ate half but it was still good. The skinny fries that came with it were delish and crispy.  Service SUCKED! SO SLOW. Server was in his own dreamy land. Basically we were eying him the whole time for service and was not efficient at all.   Overall, a pretty good food and beer experience. Service was the a major downfall.  3 stars.
Great atmosphere and beer selection.  I ordered the sausage and pepper sliders which were outstanding.   My buddy ordered lobster rolls which were also good.  Only complaint was portions were a little small.  Great place for lunch, late night snack and beer.
*dead* Co-workers and I came here for a lunch meeting and it was even better this time around because a co-worker knew the manager there and one of the chefs so, we got to samps alot of items.  Their nachos were to-die-for. Literally. There were fried chicken livers with ranch sauce on that sucker. If that doesn't scream delicious then, just stop reading! It's a heart attack waiting to happen but, whatevs....we only live once, right =)  The fish and chips were ridiculously huge. When they said fish, you got FISH and maybe, the ocean it swam in.   Samps'd their dessert platter and wow.......humungoid peanut butter/chocolate cup, red velvet cupcakes, toffee, etc etc etc -- SO NOT PUB FOOD -- SO DELICIOUS  I swear, this place hasn't disappointed me yet. YAYYYYYY for a place on the strip with reasonably priced food and drinks =)=)=)
What a great place!! Very relaxed and cool vibe in the City Center. Get the pigs in a blanket, they were awesome!
Great food...try the carving portion of the menu (YUM!)  Great waiter too!  Would have given 5 stars if not for the hostess who refused to give us a booth.  The place was half empty and she had the nerve to say that the booth section is for reservations only.  Who makes reservations at a PUB??  Then she seated a couple 5 minutes after us in a booth.  By the way, most of them were empty during our whole meal.  I will go back for the food and wait service...hopefully she quits!!
Your first impressions when you walk into Todd English's P.U.B. in the new City Center are that your walking into a high class brothel.  There are three hostesses, all gorgeous and perfect 10s.  One is white.  One is black.  One is Asian.  They're wearing tight tops and very thin mini skirts.  "Hoochie mama!"  Why?  I don't know.  My only guess is that it's Vegas baby.  Don't let this deter you from going a few more paces inside.  I know this is not your usual pub scene.  Hell, maybe it is.  It's definitely not my usual pub scene, but to tell you the truth, I kind of liked it.  In fact, after the entire meal was done and I walked out of the place, I wish every pub was like this one.  It's another Vegas celebrity chef monstrosity but without the stuffiness.  Use your cloth napkin and put it back on the table.  Who cares?  No one's going to frown upon you for bad etiquette.  It's a pub for crying out loud.    Beyond the three gatekeepers there is a gumball machine filled with ping-pong balls used for beer pong.  Personally, I'd love to see beer pong played in a place like this.  I know it's casual, but I don't think it's that casual.  The beer selection is wonderful and delicious.  I tasted one of their cask selections and an Anchor Steam.  Then I had their chili and fish and chips.  For dessert, a strawberry shake.    Is there something that I could say that was wrong with the food?  No.  Maybe ask for some more bread with the cauldron of chili.    The waiter was definitely not lingering over us to leave within 30 minutes.  I feel the staff is trained for patrons to graze and relish over pub food done well.  It is on the pricier side for this kind of fair, but you have to think to yourself, "It is Vegas and there is no pub anywhere else that features three perfect 10 women when you walk in."  The only bitch I have with the P.U.B are the restrooms.  The good news: there are toilets actually inside the restaurant so you don't have to go outside and meander through a smoke-filled casino.  The bad news: there's a guy waiting for you to exit the stall to put soap in your hand and give you a paper towel.  What a crock of shit.  I know how to get soap and paper towels for myself buddy.  Don't patronize me with that bullshit.  It was one o' clock when I ate here.  There does not need to be a bathroom attendant waiting for me to be done with my business in the very early afternoon.  The excitement really went limp after I experienced that one.  Overall, the food cheers you up in a heartbeat and so do the Charlie's Angels in the front.
The Skinny: food is okay with the tendency towards overseasoning (3.5), service - was okay, refills were quite prompt (3.5), value - overpriced for what it is (2)  Headed here for their gourmet version of pub food. We ordered fish and chips and the chicken pot pie.  The fish and chips (around $20) weren't anything special. The fish, albeit the quality of the fish is very good, suffered from an overly heavy, crispy batter and too much salt. I'm not sure why there was battered and fried parsley on the plate either. Like eating fish and chips isn't bad enough as it is.  The chips weren't as crisp as they ought to be. The cole slaw had a combination of peas and cabbage - in the end, it had too much mayo, not enough acidity.   The accompanying tartar had too much relish added to it. The malt vinegar aioli was unpleasant as well. Sour mayonaise? I'd like to stick to malt vinegar, thank you very much.  The chicken pot pie fared (around $20) better but still had some issues. Albeit the puff pastry on top was nice, there wasn't enough chicken and veggies underneath. The sauce was a little too thin and rendered the bottom part of the pastry to be too soggy.  Overall, had better chicken pot pie for less.  My overall experience was okay and the food wasn't bad... it just wasn't great. Despite the issues, the food alone would have been a 3.5. However, given the absurd prices given the quality, I would probably give it a 3 overall.
food was less than mediocre. service was good and we were comped on the brie sandwich that two in our party had that was no good,   but only one person in a party of six said anything good about their meal.   seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
I don't understand what people expect from a gastropub... you cannot compare this to a steakhouse or fine dinning experience.   As far as gastropubs go... P.U.B. is amazing!!! I ordered the dirty chips ( whatever they are called that are similar to nachos) and they were excellent.   For main course I had the carvery, lamb sandwich with pita bread and truffle mayo. This is probably one of the best sandwiches I have ever had ! Truffle mayo was amazing, lamb was perfectly cooked and large portion, and the pita bread was soft and warm.   I will be going back everytime I go to Vegas, maybe more than once.
I came here after my friend kept telling me how great everything is. I figured I would order the same entree my friend had previously enjoyed.   I ordered the prime rib beef chili to start, which was really good. I also ordered a strawberry milkshake, which seemed to be made of soft-serve ice cream. The milk shake was average for $7.   Entree, I got  "The New Amsterdam" which even the waitress had recommended. The meat was overcooked and tasted bland. The best part of the burger was the pastrami. Below average burger for $18. It came with fries, which were also below average.  My friend had ordered a pastrami sandwich, which I took a bite out of. As I had mentioned before their pastrami is really good, but the bread wasn't too good.  Overall, if you are in Vegas there are so many excellent locations to eat at and there is no reason to waste your time or money in an average restaurant. I would never go again.
What a disappointment. I have a hard time awarding PUB even two stars, the food was that bad. We came in about 5 minutes to 11 and were told that we could only order off of the late night menu that starts at 11. Okay..   Wait, let me back up. My husband and I wanted to sit outside. We asked a server in the area if it was ok if we sat ourselves thinking he could just send a hostess out with menus - he gave us a shitty look and told us no way. Jerk.   So back to the food - we tried the roast beef sliders, chicken wings and chips. The first order of sliders we received came out COLD. Nothing like biting into cold beef, bun and Whiz sauce to make your stomach turn. My hubs had the wings which were kind of mushy, and very mediocre. By far the best dish was the chips which we ordered with curry sauce even though it wasn't offered as an option on the menu. This is something that I would recommend, although I have a hard time with any pub that doesn't regularly offer chips and curry - even a gastropub should get that one right. And no HP sauce. I mean, seriously???!  The beer selection was pretty poor for a pub as well. When I think pub, I think selection and variety is key. And by variety, I don't mean Stella and PBR.   The only reason why I will award PUB that second star is because our server was very sweet and quickly replaced my cold sliders, requested our special curry sauce, and generally tried to take care of us despite the lackluster food and beverage offerings.   Pass on PUB.
Definitely pub-like, in a cavernous sort of way. Good Strongbow on tap is a plus. Ordered the Confit Duck Legs on Whole Wheat with Black Truffle Mayo and Todd English BBQ sauce. Also had the New England Fish & Chips. Although definitely not "pub" prices, very delicious and somewhat worth it. Lots of interesting foods on the menu to try.   Very good food and fun place to hang out.
The only reason I am even bothering to review this place is because it's the only place in Las Vegas where I received terrible service.   After having a beer there our first day while waiting for our room the waitress barely would even make eye contact with us to take our order.  We ordered fries and they came out cold.  There were peanut shells all over the floor.  We went back there one night after seeing a show, place was not busy, 3 bartenders RIGHT THERE, we are sitting AT THE BAR, and 7 miin later no one asked what we wanted.  We left.    There were so many better bartenders in Vegas.  Actually, every one f them was great except for this place.
Really good food. Really bad service.  I saw a review for this place with photos of delicious looking food and had to try it out. The atmosphere was great - casual, clean and was comfortable enough that I didn't feel like I had to shout across the table to carry on a conversation.  Once we got our order (it came out wrong....twice), everything was delicious. Our server on the other hand was totally rude. She stormed off when we pointed out the order was wrong and left the manager to serve our food.  It took them forever to check in on us to see if we needed anything. A steady flow of drinks would have helped during this experience.   Honestly, I was ready to leave at the beginning of the meal, but it was getting late and we were starving. At least the food was great.  I wish I would have checked reviews on Yelp first, like I usually do. Until their reviews on service start getting better - I would wait to try this place out.
The only reason we tried this place was to see if their Fish n Chips were English Pub worthy.   Good news, they were actually one of the best we've had, if you don't agree, you don't like Fish n Chips, stop posing.  More good news for me, Lindemann's Framboise on tap... yum.($14)  Bad news, seafood cold bar (not so cold).... room temperature oysters definitely not good.  $40 1/2 lb. of Alaskan King Crab legs (3 pcs) just so-so, actually had to ask for melted butter.   Service OK, not great, not absolutely terrible unless you consider the fact that there are about 20 servers working there, most, especially these 2 guys who were just wandering around aimlessly, talking, hoping not to get caught by the "manager". Someone isn't watching their bottom line...   Bad news, here comes the bill... well to be honest we were staying at Aria and it is literally next door, so it was by far the cheapest meal we had during our stay.   If you like Fish n Chips, and loads of beer, it's worth a try.   BTW, don't order the "yards" of beer, you just look plain stupid trying to drink out of it ......awkward.
Let me star by saying we had a wounderful table on the patio. A bit hard to find though. Everything I read says its inside the city center mall. Look for it  right next to the Aria valet you will see it. They have a great beer selection and the pastrami on the carvery menu was great as was the truffle mayo for the meal. The wedge salad was great too.  Some of the downs, the shepards pie had way to much of a tomato base. It was very dissapointing. Then the worst part, 4 beers, 2 meals, and split a salad, $100.00 before tip. I feel that is a bit steep. What do all of you out there think?
Dined here last Sunday evening and happy to say we had a great experience.    Fish and Chips-yumm.  Not the best I have ever had but delicious.  The coleslaw with peas was great.  Pastrami sliders-delicious.    Mini Corn Dogs-  Good but would be improved with some type of fun dipping sauce.  Shrimp-Ordered by the piece.  Very large and delicious.  Drinks-  Half yard of an interesting IPA-Speak Easy Big Daddy IPA.  Great!  Atmosphere/Decor-Love all of the TVs and well lit room/bar.  Also love that the windows open up into the entry of Aria.  Lively and fun atmosphere.  The only downer was the service.  A few different things..1.  They brought the wrong entree for me, but to my delight, I had my correct order within two minutes.  2.  They brought our popcorn (complimentary) after our appetizers.  Would have been nice to have as we were looking over the menu.  3.  Our server was pretty indifferent initially.  After I started asking him questions about the restaurant, Aria, and surrounding properties, he opened up and was better.  I am eager to return!  This is a nice addition to the Strip!
Bathroom attendant?  Oh God.  And the worst kind - the ones that immediately offer you soap and paper towels as you try to do the usual handwashing process.  No, you don't care how my day was, and I don't care how your day was.  I just want to use the damn bathroom after my meal without having to deal with some unisex bathroom attendant.  Beer prices were among the highest on the strip but the selection was good in quality for how many they had.  Even though other places had more taps (like the pub at Monte Carlo), this place seemed to have a more diverse selection of styles & regions.  Very clean, pleasant atmosphere.  Service was pleasant.  Nice shopping area too.  But please lose the bathroom attendant.
lunch here was tasty. the bangers & mash were a little different than others i've had, with a mustard-y sort of sauce, and the portion was quite generous.  i also had a super tasty strawberry ale, the first beer i have ever truly enjoyed; they have a very big selection to choose from, so i guess i was bound to find something i liked!
Finally, a gastro pub in Vegas!  The food is great.  On my first visit, decided to go British and try traditional pub food.  That meant trying the bangers and mash and the shepherd's pie.  Both very good but what was I thinking.  I was so envious of the people around me who were enjoying the mountains of meat from the carvery.    The very next day I was back again to try the carvery.  It was good.  After having tried several items, the best is the sirloin with the confit duck legs a close second.  There are endless combinations you can create with their different breads and sauces that you can add.  Prices are what you expect from the Strip but who cares.  Sometimes you just want to enjoy the faade that makes Vegas, Vegas.  Worth a try.
We came for lunch, a bit hung over I must confess, and sat in the small patio area.   I had the iced tea which was a delicious ginger peach and always refilled before I need to even ask.    Rather than bread you get some fabulous seasoned popcorn to snack on - it was delicious.   My friend and I started by splitting a salad and our waitress was kind enough to have it brought out already split & beautifully presented on 2 different plates.   I had the french dip salad and it was yummy -- actually came with a ton of meat so I ended up eating half and then just eating the meat (sans bread) for the second half.    Good food, nice atmosphere.   Will definitely return on future trips to Vegas.
I've been here twice and my friends and I love it. Please try the dirty nachos which are potatoe chips with a light creamy sauce, tomatoes, bacon, green onions and fried chicken livers! It was freakin awesome, who ever though chicken livers could taste so good? They also have good but expensive drinks. No surprise there, you are on the strip. We will keep coming back here when in Vegas and need a snack or lunch. Also get the brown bag special if you're a little white trash. It's a big can of PBR in a paper bag and a shot of Jameson. LOL, now that's trashy.
I have to agree with Anastasia H. on this one...This place is expensive and forgettable.  We went here for lunch. My hubby had some raw clams, and I had some shrimp cocktail for an app. I can't speak to his clams, but the shrimp were ok...   He ordered the roast beef sliders and I had the BLT sliders. His sliders were awesome, and I would recommend those in a heart beat. My BLT sliders, on the other hand, were so sad and disappointing. It was half a slice of super thin bacon between a huge dinner roll with a tiny sliver of a tomato and a whole lotta lettuce!   My hubby had A beer and I had A cocktail and our tab was almost $100 without tip. Definitely not worth the price...  Oh, and the bathroom situation is VERY strange. You walk in to a community wash room with an attendant! So not only do you wash your hands uncomfortably with the opposite sex, but then you feel pressured to pay for it!
Come here everytime we're in Vegas! Food is GREAT and the drinks are strong! However, service tends to be hit or miss with it mostly being the latter. Lost a star on that issue. =(
Went to the P.U.B. for lunch and the food is great! It is a little expensive ($15 for a foot-long kobe hot dog), but so~o worth it. Even the presentation is cute. As people have mentioned, the service is hit-or-miss, but I did notice the manager hovering around making sure guests were being taken cared of. There is bar seating where you get little pails of peanuts - shells go on the floor vs. the little pail of warm popcorn the tables get. There is a large selection of beers and ciders - a few imported (ie. strongbow) and it is even possible to get a flight of samples. Next time I'm in town I'm definitely stopping here before my walk through City Center.
Staying at the "Death Ray" (Vdara), and wanted someplace for lunch.  The City Center "complex" has turned (apparently) into a home away from home for us -- last time we were at the Mandarin Oriental, and "Crystals" is the adjoining shopping center/mall where Todd English's P.U.B. is located.  My wife and I checked out the menu prior to leaving Berkeley, and knew this would be a great spot for lunch . . .   Todd English is like the under-the-radar Bobby Flay.  Aside from the Home Shopping Network (or is it QVC?), you really don't see him on television much, but between Olive's, Figs, and who knows what else, he's everywhere!  But this is his first and, to date, only PUB (or Public Urban Bar).    Countless beers on tap -- I think over 60 -- including some cask conditioned ales (yes!), the food is close to perfect, and the portions are HUGE!  Lynn and I made the delicious mistake of ordering too much food, and thank heavens reinforcements arrived to help us finish!  We had something called "Dirty Chips" -- America's answer to nachos, this is sinfully good and truly dangerous!  Kettle chips tossed in bleu cheese, bits of amazingly delicious bacon, scallions, and served with fried chicken livers . . . just add beer and a football game and you're in heaven (albeit on a rapid descent to hell, if your doctor ever finds out!).  Seriously delicious, but don't order this unless you can share it with at least three other people!  (And if you try it on your own, make sure to have one of those defibrillators they have in airports at the ready!)  The iceberg wedge with bleu cheese and a bacon vinaigrette, avocado, tomato, and chopped egg is a classic, and served ice cold; the duck buns (three to an order) with shredded duck, hoisin and scallions were better than they had a right to be (delicious, though better at a true dim sum palace, to be honest).  And then, we moved onto the mains . . .   Lynn had the pastrami sliders -- three excellent little sandwiches on rye parker house rolls, with kraut, swiss cheese and served with skinny fries . . . OK, I had one of the three.  I opted for the brown butter lobster rolls -- three rolls filled with freshly shucked lobster, warm brown butter aioli, served with slaw and kettle chips -- as if we hadn't had enough of those already!  All this paired beautifully with pints of Chimay white (in the proper glasses, BTW) -- a very filling, but very delicious lunch.  In fact, it's almost noon as I write this . . . maybe I'll have lunch there today, too.  Two more notes:  1) "Good for kids," as always, will depend more upon the kids than the restaurant.    2) As for the bathroom attendant . . . yeah, that has to stop.
I thought this place was so good the first time I went so I went back the day after. And the second day I was not very happy. They brought out my fish and chips (which by the way were amazing the first day) burnt, and then when i sent them back they brought me out another order of burnt fish and chips.... It was my birthday lunch too. So i was not very pleased. They wait staff both days were inattentive and not very knowledgeable. They were nice though.  Oysters are good and the fish and chips is good (when its not burnt). Deff a cool pub though, with lots of choices of food to choose from. I would recommend giving it a try.
Central meeting spot between Vdara and Aria where our groups were staying. This gastropub sets out spicy popcorn on the tables instead of bread and is pretty open. Nice for our big group of 15.  A little pricey, (but it is Vegas) and I felt that my menu options were a bit limited in the way of veggie friendly/pescatarian options.  My order: Veggie Portatbello Mushroom "burger" on a roll served with bucket of pickled veggies  The portabello mushrooms must have been chopped up and mixed into the spinach as I really didn't see or barely taste them in my sandwich. Perhaps they were buried under the grilled bell peppers and melted cheese but I had to dig deep to find them. The side of pickled veggies was an interesting addition, but I think I would have preferred them unpickled or maybe just a side salad.   Their Grow A Pear specialty cocktail was tasty and sweetly refreshing- Grey Goose La Poire Vodka, splash of sour mix, topped with riesling  Made out for $35- 3 stars for decent food, drinks, and good atmosphere, just was not super impressed but then again its Vegas and anything AMAZING I would expect to pay much more.
I'm surprised at the other reviews because my friends and I loved this place! We came 3 times during our 3 night/ 4 day stay at the Aria. We loved it because its a casual restaurant that makes pub food taste and look gourmet. Considering it is Vegas, the price is a lot more reasonably priced than many other establishments in the area, unless you go to Fat Burger or Denny's.   I ordered the sliders with skinny fries. The burgers were cooked perfect, just the way i like it. The fries were addicting, especially dipped with Todd English ketchup. Lets talk about the dessert.....BREAD PUDDING. OMG, so good, its dangerous. Our waiter recommended it and im glad he did! The other times there, I have tasted the West Coast burger, dirty chips and their wings, all amazing. The mac and cheese howeverm deserves its own recognition. Simply delicious, cheesy and sinful. The small side dish is enough considering how decadent it is.
Nine Irish Men in New  York,  NY is much better. Todds is a bit gimmicky and the food is not good.  My wife and i ordered roast beef sliders. the bread was old and stale. the roast beef was average and the mystery cheese sauce was just that; a mystery.  don't go here, go to Nine Irish men instead.
I was expecting bar food but found myself pleasantly surprised. My bf enjoyed the Tuesday 5-cent night. While we both enjoyed their popular appetizers like lobster poppie, which was fresh lobster baked ontop flaky pastry dressed Ina Spicey chipotle sauce. I tried some of the chile and it was delish. And the buttery smooth mac & cheese with garlic flavor was one of the best m & c I've had. Also instead of bread given before meals, lil buckets of popcorn made from a classic popcorn popper was fresh and tasty.
If it wasn't for Mr. P we would have never come across this nice little pub. You start off with popcorn drizzled with salt and paprika this is free for all.    Followed by homemade different pickles paired with an assortment of mustards. I love pickles!   My expectations were not to high, but oh man when those lobster rolls came out I was in heaven. They were so toasty and tons of butter with huge fresh chunks of lobster. Btw... this was my first lobster roll. I have been watching the food network and seeing all these lobster rolls places but they are all in the east coast. FINALLY, I found a lobster roll right here in Las Vegas at Todd English PUB and it was delicious.   To go along with these awesome little rolls I had a wheat beer named T.O.D.D. the lemon and crispy light wheat flavors went great with the lobster.   The chicken pot pie was pretty tasty too. Huge chunks of chicken with a light fluffy, crispy crust. It had a "real" intense chicken flavor.   Great beer selection, great true pub food even if little pricey but I thought it was worth it. Very enjoyable. :)
This place is in the newish CityCenter complex. My father was born in Wales and it was the first time he'd been to Vegas in years, so we decided to stop by here late one Saturday evening for appetizers and drinks.   The beer selection is satisfactory. No complaints there. The Tenaya brews are actually local, and it's good to see a big Vegas hotel restaurant supporting a local brewery. My nutty brown had a full flavor, not too bitter but not tasteless. Thumbs up.  The Welsh Rarebit was not good. It didn't sound the most appetizing (it's basically an open-faced grilled cheese) but again, since my dad is from Wales, we decided to go with it. We got what we expected. I think they have it on the menu because it's British. I doubt anyone actually orders it. I wouldn't recommend it. Thumbs down.  The Kelley's Sliders were decent enough. They used juicy prime rib. If we would have stuck with another order or two of these, the experience would have been 4 stars. Thumbs up.  Lobster Poppie was thoroughly confusing. Splitting it 4 ways is NOT the best way to go about this. Now I didn't get the full scoop on its history, but it was basically like a little pot pie with 2 pieces of lobster, way too much bread and some random filling (with corn?). Might have been good if it was only for me, but again we chopped it up and shared. As with most things lobster, there was not enough lobster. Definitely overpriced. Thumbs down.  Shrimp cocktail was disappointing... mostly because at $4.50 a shrimp you'd expect it to be the best in the world. Thumbs down.   Service was great... our waitress was polite, well informed and even took back a mixed drink that was ordered because my beautiful date didn't like it. Thumbs up.   Atmosphere is what you'd expect from a Vegas "PUB". Trendy. Stylish. Mostly comfortable. They allowed us to be seated right away in the barstool section, near the bar. Thumbs up.   Overall it was OK... maybe a bit overpriced but if you're going for good beer then I'd recommend it.
This is located right next to Aria and appears as if they are attached, but you have to enter from the outside.  If you're staying at the Aria, you can bill your food to your room, though.    Food is decent though a bit pricey.  We got the chili as an appetizer - it reminded me of a Sloppy Joe bc it was pretty sweet.  I liked it, though.  The lobster rolls didn't have a whole lot of lobster in them.  The hamburger, which I did not try, was supposedly very good.  I got the chicken pot pie, which I didn't like very much.  I felt like it was mostly crust with not a lot of chicken.  I did get a Strawberry Ale, which didn't taste like alcohol at all!  It was like a mild bubbly Strawberry juice - liked it a lot.  We also got free popcorn upon being seated at our table.  Service was spotty as our server was difficult to flag down at times.  Overall, not a memorable place to eat and pricey (but our meal was comped, so I guess I can't complain)!
Popcorn and beer to start, please.   We had dinner here before heading out to see Peepshow.  Great choice, ladies!  I love the space and the feel of this place (Ooooooo that rhymed).  It had the vibe of a vintage contemporary pub with the sounds of eager sports fans gathering for a bite before the big game.  Um, there really wasn't a big game happening it just felt like that. I had The Amsterdam burger which was okay.  The pastrami was not piled on and not really that special.  The fatty fries were okay, but I did enjoy the sweet potatoe fries instead.  i think my favorite was the Chocolate Dipped Strawberry cocktail which was a mix of 2 different beers - excellent.  I don't know much beyond the usual Bud Light's and Taj Mahal's, but this was worth it.  Not sure if my burger was worth $18 though.  That's all right.  it's all about spending time with good friends and okay food (wait is that even right?). I'm one to give places another go just because there's so much on the menu that one dish would knock me off my feet.  I would hope.
First off - the Aria/CityCenter/Crystals complex is beautiful.  Everything here was great - from the cold Honey Brown Lager to the BLT Sliders and Brown Butter Lobster Rolls.  This was a great lunch and I would not hesitate to go back anytime.
This place is located right between Aria and the absurdly-expensive shopping mall in Citycenter.  I've had uneven experiences at Todd English establishments, which is becoming more and more common in celebrity chef places.  But P.U.B. was excellent.  What a cool place to get a casual meal, have a beer and maybe watch a game.  It's similar to other gastro pubs I've been to, but the execution was excellent.  The carver concept - essentially a make your own sandwich board - was simple and good.  Pretty much everything we had was very good to excellent.  The chocolate chip cookie that came with my friend's artisan bologna sandwich (I stole a piece) was surprisingly sub-par.  The only other reason P.U.B. didn't earn the fifth star was the service: it was kind of unfriendly.  All-in-all, I really liked this place and would definitely go back - I hope they can keep the performance up.
I was starving while we were walking around City Center at 11:00 am.  Most places weren't open yet, but this was so we stopped - just for a snack, not for lunch or dinner.  We sat at the bar and were greeted by the bartender right away.   We ordered the sliders with fries.  These fries are the most amazing fries I have ever tried.  I don't know what they do, but they were sooooo good.  The slider was good and well cooked, but didn't have anything crazy about them.    It is a cool place and a good vibe - a good place to watch football.  I would probably go back and try some other stuff next time.
I want to like this place more - and maybe I will as I try more of the menu.    I love the the actual space and atmosphere.  And the beer list is quite good.  The service is sometimes great and sometimes poor.  Its varied pretty wildly.  I have yet to be blown away by any of the food.  None of it has been bad - in fact, it has all been good.  But none of it has been great.  None of it has been crave-worthy.  None of it has been "I have to have that again".
This place rocks!  Here's the short list after eight separate visits with multiple guest and trying almost the entire menu:  1.  For starters - the clams or P.E.I's. Perfectly cooked with a bit of spice.  2.  The pot pie and Shepard's pie are incredible.  3.  Carvery is the winner.  Brisket is top choice.  Salmon is perfect choice for the fish lover.  Perfect crispy skin and moist in the middle.  4.  Beer - make it the TUB.  Locally brewed in LV.  Very well balanced with the food at the PUB.  All around fun and cool place to enjoy lunch.  Try the beer challenge and enjoy tossing the peanut shells on the ground at the bar while you wait for your food.  Must try!
Bottom line - Pretty Darn Good.  Went with my 20 yo daughter so wasn't in a beer drinking mood, though if you were, the selection is phenomonal! Had the shepard's pie and it was the best I have ever had in this country or otherwise! Nice and hot and very well seasoned!  Service was great and very attentive/ proactive.  Place was crowded but we only waited 5 minutes. Front desk crew could use a bit of an attitude adjustment (the only reason they didn't get 5 stars). We will for sure be back.
Ah, Todd English P.U.B., how you have failed me.  When this place first opened it was awesome!  The decor is nice and they have little hourglasses attached to the bar, which is part of their free beer promotion.  If you can drink a pint of beer in 7 seconds or less, it's free.    Now, let me be clear.  I do not have that skill with any sort of liquid.  But some of my friends do so it was fun to go with them and watch.  The promotion used to be unlimited.  But, as these things go, the rumor from the staff is that someone ruined it by chugging 11 Guinesses in a short amount of time, bringing up questions of potential alcohol poisoning and lawsuits.  So they limited to 8 beers.  Fine.  That's reasonable.  But then they limited to 4 beers for no apparent reason. Now the promotion, which part of their logo and permanent decor, is limited to 2 beers.    Their other promotion, 5 cent PBR night, has also gotten lame.  At first, when they started it in April, it was so laid back.  We'd sit at the bar and order the 5 cent PBRs (served in 8 oz plastic cups) during the requisite hours (Tues after 9pm).  Now, even if you spend $50+ at the bar beforehand, they make you get up and go outside to get a wristband.  I get that the promotion has become popular but, cmon.  If we've been sitting at the bar already, you hopefully know we are of age.  Just give us the damn wristband instead of making us go out in the cold to get it!  Oh, here's an interesting incident.  During 5 cent PBR night, the staff made a group a girls get up and give up their seats at the bar to a guy who wanted to order food.  The guy was extremely uncomfortable with this but the staff was insistent... they wanted the sale.  The guy made up for it by being nice to the girls, buying them drinks (besides 5 cent PBR) etc.  But WTF?  Finally, the food has gone way downhill.  The dirty chips used to be extremely craveable.  Last time I got them, the portion size was smaller and they were nasty and soggy.    The staff here has been really good to me.  They'd make recommendations and let me try drinks beforehand that they thought were questionable.  I even got some free refills on cocktails and beer.  It was a fun place to go and chat with the nice bartenders.  I like the staff and really want to like this place, but I think management has cut corners for some reason and screwed it all up.  Alas.
I was trying to go to as many new restaurants and bars as I could during my 5 day stay in Vegas.  This was one of the best.  I loved the atmosphere as soon as I walked in. Being by myself, I chose to sit at the bar.  For a pub it had a very classy feel to it but not classy enough that discarding your peanut shells onto the floor is frowned upon.  Also each bar position has a fancy 7 second hour glass attached to the bar. If you can finish your beer in 7 seconds, it is free.  The problem with this is they have a very sophisticated selection of beers and it would be a shame to drink one that fast and not enjoy it.   Two things caught my attention. The Raw Bar and the Carving Station.  Im not a huge raw fish fan but I had a couple of oyster shooters to start off. The selection of raw fish was very good and fresh if you are into that.  The carving station had a great selection of meats from chicken, prime rib and duck.   The menu was fun and also had beer samplers specific to the stye like a Pilsner or Heifewiezen.
OH. MY. FREAKIN. LORD. THIS. PLACE. FELT. LIKE. AN. OVEN.  right when i sat down, i was dyyyiinnggg for  a cold brewski....and when i got it, it got warm within 5 minutes.  the food is alrrriiggghht, a little overpriced for bar food, but its vegas. the fish and chips were pretty good, but it had too much batter. Their shoe string fries were the best thing i ate!  they also have a little dispenser thingy by the bar for ping pong balls! BAD ASS. but where are the beer pong tables? not so bad ass.
Chocolate covered strawberry ... beer.  Yea, that's right and oh was it so right.    Great gastropub in the heart of the strip.  Love the Aria hotel and this is just a welcome addition to it.  The beer selection is off the hook and the food ... the food was equally as amazing.  Had a half dozen of the east coast oysters and the bleu cheese burger.  Again, it was all amazing.  Would definitely come back again next time we're in the city to try more of their fine pub fare.  They have beer pong and other fun games should you choose to spend the day there watching games and chilling out.
If you pound a beer in under 7 seconds it's free! I'm going here every trip!
ordered : the 1/2 pound corned beef with challah! bread and  truffle mayo and sour cream horseradish sauce.    and the braised clams.  Verdict: both were delicious! and if you like truffle flavor then definitely try the mayo, i think i couldve eaten it with a spoon(P.S. i did)  the clams looked scary at first cause they were big and usually that means they'll feel like rubber in your mouth but these were perfect! little juicy lumps of joy with bacon flavored white wine sauce.   i need to try more options then  see if P.U.B deserves the final star.  but so far i loved my first experience.
Nice atmosphere at City Center with a menu that has a few hits and misses.  My girlfriend ordered the Moules Frites and she said they were the best she ever had and I ordered the Shepherd's  Pie which was top notch.  In addition,  we both ordered ice teas and the bill came to around $38 - a terrific value.  A word of caution - ordering off the menu requires some common sense as many items are overpriced:  Sliders = $18, Corn Dogs = $8, Pretzels = $6, Dirty Chips = $14, Tuna Salad = $22, Mashed Potatoes = $9, Beers ranging from $9 to $34
Wanting some decent food around midnight without having to pay Mastro's prices, four of us wandered into Todd English P.U.B.  We were seated quickly on the room on the side and given the Late Night Menu (good from 11:00pm-1:30am).  Looking around, they seem to have the raw bar in the middle with the small, slightly darker and more pub-like room on the side, an outdoor patio on the other side, and a more well lit dining room in the back.  There's a mix of polished cement, tile, and wood throughout.  It's modern yet still warm.  The beer menu here is fantastic.  It's not as extensive as some places, but they have a great variety of quality beers with excellent descriptions.  I had the Wexford Irish Cream.  For those who love cream ales and rue the day that Caffrey's was bought out by Coors who stopped importing it to the US, then Wexford is probably the closest thing you'll find.  The food here is good too.  Not the most amazing food in the world, but very tasty.  We shared a bunch of plates: -- Caesar salad: Pretty standard.  Very good croutons. -- Grilled soft mini pretzels.  These are about the size of a long cigars. -- Corn dog puppies.  I'm not usually a fan of corn dogs, but these were fantastic.  Amazing, light, yet tasty breading.  They came with skinny fries which were unremarkable. -- Kelley's roast beef sliders.  KM asked for them without wiz, which made them a bit dry.  Passable, but average. -- Chicken parm sliders.  Just how chicken parm should be but on a small bun.  Good stuff. -- Man of steel burger.  Cooked just right.  The potato bread bun was a nice touch.  The only downer here is the service was sort of off.  For a place that was less than half full our waitress took way too long to make her rounds.
We were looking for good ole pub food and excited when we saw Todd English P.U.B.  This place is great for beers but food - the quality does not justify the price.  Dirty Chicken : way too salty Lobster Roll: you would imagine that it would be a freshly baked roll.  The only good dish was the Shepherd's Pie.  However, not enough for me to want to go back.  In fact, we didn't finish most of the dishes.
A good pub, not great. We really liked the shepards pie but were disappointed with the organic chicken pot pie. The chicken seemed overcooked and the portion was a bit small. We liked the beer on tap. The vibe here is good and it does approximate an English pub, minus the curry. We would try it again.
Drink a beer in 7 seconds and it's free?  Sign me up.  I thought this place was pretty cool.  Our server, Mike, was one of the best waiters I have had.  He was friendly, very helpful, and he chatted us up while we were there.  The food was pretty tasty.  I had the double burger and it was very flavorful, maybe a little too much seasoning.  I also tried the Chicken Pot Pie and the Shepard's Pie.  Both were delicious.  My buddies and I were here on a Tuesday and at 9 they have 5 cent PBR's but you have to have a $12 tab.  The place got jam packed for this.  The atmosphere was great and we had a great time!  A little pricey but they have a good beer selection, beer flights, and Cask Ale.
Are there words to describe the glory that is Todd English's PUB?  Not sure, although I'll try as I immediately start drooling.  The PUB was so faboo, that my friend and I went through within a seven hour period for first and second dinner.  First dinner was comprised of lobster rolls on a brioche bun, a swapped roast beef slider, a side (more like a SIDE because there were at least six pieces), and a beer flight.  My lobster rolls (heaven on a roll) also came with homemade slaw and kettle chips.  It goes without saying that the food was delicious and beautiful.  I had the fruit beer flight, and preferred the stawberry lambic and raspberry beer.  Second dinner was a kobe beef hot dog with a chocolate strawberry beer (chocolate stout and strawberry lambic mixed together) while my friend had cheese fries and corn dog fritters.  SO good.  Additional nice touches: it's a great interior with a menu peppered with fun quotes along with a fancy bathroom with an attendant who squirts soap in your hands and gives you your paper towels.  Giving my hard earned money to Todd felt fine, and was one of the better ways i spent my money in Vegas.  I highly recommend, and am confident you'll have a delicious time.  Enjoy!
We had a really nice low-key dinner here and it was one of the more tastier fare (as well as cheaper) during our week in Vegas. If you like beer, meat, and dark ambiance, this gastropub is for you! Drinks here come by the pint, yard, or pitcher. My friend was not a fan of beer so she ordered a yard of hard cider, which came with its own stand. I'm not quite the lush she is so I settled for a pint of beer. We sat near the bar and we witnessed some patrons going for the "drink a beer in 7 seconds and it's free" challenge. One guy came out a winner, while the other guy threw up all over the floor. They thought it was a good sport so they comped the beer anyway. If you hear the ring of a bell throughout your service, it means someone has successfully completed this challenge.  My friend ordered from the Carvery (brisket, jumbo English muffin, with maple soy and black truffle mayo). For $16, it was a really sizable amount of food. I ordered the brown butter lobster rolls. Outstanding!  I had lobster rolls last year as an appetizer at Michael Mina's Nob Hill and they were nowhere as good as these. Todd English gets it right. Portions were generous, as well. I had trouble finishing all that delicious lobster.  Service was so-so. Our server was friendly but she kept forgetting things and we had to remind her a few times about them. Other than that, I would definitely recommend this place if you like good beer and good pub food. Also, thanks to their flat screens, this would be a great place to catch a game, too.
we went to the aria for a vegas getaway and while waiting a long time to get our room, we decided to get some lunch at PUB.  we opted to be seated outside but the interior looked a good place to catch a game.  given how not busy it was outside, we waited for a while for a server.  once he did come by he was pretty helpful.  the menu is quite big so having some help was nice.  we ended up just getting two dishes and one side.  she got the chicken parm sliders and i got the brisket from the carvery.  the sliders were tasty but a bit on the dry side.  my brisket was cooked very nicely but was a tad under-seasoned.  i got it on a challah bread with black truffle mayo and it helped the overall flavor.  we got asparagus for sides and they were nice.  overall, a nice place to grab a drink and decent bar food but nothing incredible.
At the last minute on a Friday night near City Center decided to try and get reservations at a restaurant.  All the ones I wanted were booked, so I called Todd English PUB and they were able to give me a reservation.  We got there, the place was packed but we were seated right away.  Our server was very friendly and helpful.  It took awhile to get our drinks from the bar, which kind of sucked, but the place was packed.  The mussel appetizer we had was tasty and the "shrimp cocktail" was awesome.  Just an FYI, the shrimp cocktail is not your typical item.  The price is per shrimp and they are huge!!!  Overall our entree's were good.  Though nothing spectacular to right home about.  Just good solid PUB food.    It was "A -OK" for a last minute place to grab a bite before heading out.
Full review at the Blog - high points below:  "Dirty Chips" consisted of a large pile of house cut kettle chips topped with bits of crispy house cured bacon, tomatoes, chopped scallions, chunks of blue cheese, blue cheese dressing, and fried chicken livers.  Never one to eat processed snack foods this was a rare experience for me with potato chips (or popcorn) and although the others ate more than myself, I loved the way the crisp chips held up to the ample toppings and despite the sheer gluttons of the dish the flavor profile was nicely balanced, albeit quite heavy.  "Grichebactom."  Described as the "workman's" grilled cheese I'm not so sure many "workmen" find this in their lunchbox, but the combination of grilled sourdough, creamy brie cheese, double smoked bacon, and fresh tomatoes with a side of skinny fries was certainly delicious.  Using the fries largely as a delivery mechanism for Chef English's signature ketchup and BBQ sauce the chunky ketchup was outstanding, loaded with smoke and garlic while the BBQ was a tad sweeter than I'd prefer.    BLT Sliders with Nueskes bacon, roma tomato, maple aioli, and skinny fries. Served as three buttery rolls loaded with supple bacon, sweet tomatoes, and crisp lettuce the aioli was actually quite mild and more hickory than maple.  Another large portion considering the price and ingredients a whole sandwich ended up packed to go home along with most of the fries.  Duck buns - a rather Asian inspired dish placing confit leg in an aromatic and sweet hoisin sauce on steamed buns, my first bite was good - the confit excellent.  Next adding the cucumber slaw and cool yogurt sauce, this is where the buns truly shined - as good as any steamed bun I've had, whether Dim Sum or David Chang.  Lobster Poppie with yorkshire pudding, creamy corn, and brown butter lobster.  Essentially a pot pie with a significant portion of buttery fresh lobster baked atop flaky pastry and dressed In chipotle sauce and house made sweet cream corn the flavors were excellent, though the chipotle was a tad overwhelming in bites where too much had soaked into the pastry.  Listed as a sharable appetizer I'm not sure how well this would divide as it was rather small, but as a main course it would satisfy most.  Mona's bread pudding with English toffee sauce, salted caramel ice cream, cap'n crunch.  A large brick of lovely custardized bread with a bruleed top, the bread pudding itself was loaded with cinnamon, sugar, and rum.  Resting in a boozy toffee sauce that tasted largely butterscotch and topped with whipped cream and salty caramel ice cream the dish was finished with a playful handful of children's cereal.  Intensely sweet but subtle in the way all the ingredients contributed to the overall flavor the dish was simple and wonderful  "Ninja Snacks," a plate of eight crispy wontons filled with nutella and banana served with "ninja sauce" that tasted quite similar to my English toffee.  Naming issues aside, the wontons themselves were excellent and absolutely stuffed with filling.  Using sliced banana instead of a puree lent texture beyond the crispy wrappers and while the sauce wasn't necessary it certainly didn't hurt.  "The Elvis," a dish described as pound cake, peanut butter, brled bananas, maple bacon and served with a shirley temple.  Delivered as two "sandwiches" utilizing pound cake as the bread it really isn't that the dish was poorly designed as it was that the cake was simply too dry.  Tasty otherwise, especially the bacon/maple/banana/peanut butter combination, the Shirley Temple was very sweet and obviously added more for kitsch than flavor.  The chocolate covered peanut was also quite tasty.  Chocolate Rendezvous, would essentially represent a chocolate crme brulee topped with peanut butter mousse, topped with marshmallow, and then finished in the oven.  A parfait of sorts with different textures as the spoon proceeded downward the dish was actually too large for something so rich...like the bread pudding and ninja snacks it was a dessert that could have easily been shared, and so it was.  In a city where the rich and the poor are quite well represented (The amenities, the shopping, the restaurants, and the patrons) it is nice to see there are some places still targeting the "middle" and doing a good job with a "something for everyone" approach.  Above average food made from above average ingredients in a nice space at below average prices should keep Mr. English's P.U.B in business for quite some time, especially if a whole meal can be had at the price of a pair of socks at the shopping center next door.
I really enjoyed my experience at PUB. The atmosphere, the service, the drinks, and the food were all great. Here's the breakdown.  ATMOSPHERE - Very high ceilings and plenty of windows in the front. The bar is really gorgeous, with floor to ceiling bottles. The chairs, in bright red leather, were very comfy.   SERVICE - Bright and friendly. Age-wise, it's a young group of servers, which is always a mixed bag, but everyone here was friendly and smiling and knowledgeable. Our server was really attentive.  DRINKS - An overall fantastic list of draught beers from all over the world, and though the prices are a bit steep, the list is high quality. Our water glasses were kept full.   FOOD - Be forewarned. The portions (ALL the portions) are huge. We began our meal with an appetizer of Dirty Chips, which, going with the PUB theme, should have probably been called Dirty Crisps, because they were not fries, but chips, and chips are fries in... wait. Guh. I lost it. No matter. they were VERY crunchy and delicious, covered in some sort of green aioli and garnished ever-so-lightly with Fried Chicken Livers. I'm not a huge fan of liver, but wow, these things had me losing my mind a little bit.   The Lobster Bisque was exquisite. Not too creamy, but plenty rich, topped with a flaky puff pastry.   The main courses were all superb. The Chicken Pot Pie was creamy and and filled with huge chunks of chicken and topped with that gorgeous and impossibly light puff pastry. The Brown Butter Lobster Rolls were as good as they sound, and there was no skimping on the lobster. Shepherd's Pie was gravy-licious, and the large fellow who ordered it could barely finish half, try as he might. I ordered an open-faced Lamb Carvery sandwich with Horseradish Sauce and Pineapple Mint Sauce. The Pineapple sauce was non-descript, but the Horseradish knocked my socks off. I am used to things not being spicy or strong enough, but as I wiped away the tears as the last wallop of horseradish pulsed through my sinuses, I knew I had found a place that understands me. I was significantly more judicious with the sauce after that. The lamb was cooked perfectly.  We didn't get a chance to try the desserts, much as we wanted to. No one had any room left.  This will become a Vegas tradition for me.
I've been curious to try Todd English's food for some time now...and I finally got my chance!  After seeing him on the pilot run for Iron Chef America and on Top Chef..I always wanted to see what all the hooplah was about....I have to say...I was impressed...  Before coming to this place.....it was between Bezo, the Tapas place or this....something about the smell coming from this Pub called to us so here we went hah....  And we totally weren't disappointed....loved the sknny fries.....burgers were amazing....heck even the pickled vegetables were tasty...who would have thought pickled veggies would be scarfed down in a matter of seconds =P  I ended up ordering the Lobster Rolls with the butter aoli.....man soooooo good!! Guess it was all that darn butter ha...  Oh the servers were quite good looking too....well one of the guys looked like a legal Taylor Lautner lol....our server was this tall lean guy....really pleasant and had great customer service...did I mention he was cute ^_^  Anyhoo...I'll stop rambling ha....try this place if you want to see a sports game or just go for a nice relaxing time with good folks  =)
I loved it here mostly because I was not paying for anything and 20 people ran a $1800 tab but. the drinks were great and the food was pretty good. Do get!! Dirty Chips, Mac and cheese, Pretzels, and Duck Buns. I had the brisket platter and it was soso but I was so full from appetizers and drinks they did not get full respect.   If you can pound a pint in 7 seconds it is free and they have nickel PBR on tuesday. So I will be back!  I loved it and I love Aria!
My wife and I had lunch here after a long walk down the strip from the Wynn.  They have an excellent draft beer selection.  They also have daily themed oyster shooters.  I had the chicken pot pie and my wife had the fish and chips.  We both agreed it hit the spot after a morning of walking.  Would definitely come back again if hungry and nearby.
"In Todd We Trust."  Although that is a hilarious sentiment, its something I can stand behind when it comes to the food at this restaurant. Yuuuummy!  I went for lunch here on New Years day with my bestie and my appetite firmly in tow.  We tried everything - even PBR in a wine glass.  There is nothing I didn't like - from the pork buns to the sliders to the Lobster poppie (for which I am currently Jones-ing).    My only complaint is, now that you got me hooked on PBR in a wine glass and that gooey lobster delight, what am I going to do now that I can't get it here in New York, Todd? P.U.B.N.Y.C.? Brilliant. I want 50%.
Even better than last time!  no wait, we came in for lunch and were seated right away, complimentary popcorn was served shortly after we were seated.   Do not miss these items Lobster Roll-3 generous sandwiches each stuffed with claw meat with aioli and thick toasted brioche bread.  The bread itself is amazing Swordfish enchilada- cooked to perfection, flaky yet firm meat served inside a tortilla with beans, sourcream and tortilla chips...I was alternating between bites of lobster and enchilada because i coundn't make up my mind what tasted better Salad with rotisserie chicken-we expected some slices of chicken and practically had half of a rostisserie chicken on our palte that was extremly moist, delicious and well seasoned.   no room for dessert but I will definately be back for the dirty chips!!
Really great service an excellent choice and variety of Beers and great food.  Couldn't have asked for more.
Great idea, poorly executed. Took over two weeks just to book a group event. It was like they did not want our money. Two days out management was not even aware of our booking, apparently events director did not share our booking. Promised appetizers in chafing dishes, day of the event we are told the restaurant does not have chafing dishes.  Finally got it booked. Food was actually pretty good. Very disappointing in how many beers and drinks that were on the menu, and on the chalkboard that listed beverages, that were not available. These are paper menus folks. When you pride yourself on a beer selection and charge $8 and up for a pint, can you not reprint a paper menu? From the reactions of the servers and bartenders they have heard this complaint a lot and they do not understand why management doesn't take the simple step to reprint menus. I expect better from Mr. English.  Tried to discuss concerns with GM afterwards to offer constructive feedback...he did not see fit to call me back.  If you are going as a couple probably no problems (just don't have your heart set on a particular beer) but don't ever try to book a group at this restaurant, you will be very disappointed.
I went to Vegas to visit my boyfriend and celebrate my birthday! This place was on the top of my boyfriend's list for places to take me while I was in town. Great place! We just went to have some beers and appetizers.   We sat at the bar and scored seats right by the Spurs vs Mavericks game which was a huge plus. They have an amazing beer selection and so many tasty foods to choose from. We went with the Duck Buns and the Lobster Poppie. Both were excellent. The Duck Buns were like 3 little steamed buns you would get at dim sum. It's shredded duck, hoisin sauce and chopped scallions. Great balance of flavor and the actual bun was nice and fluffy. The Lobster Poppie was yorkshire pudding, creamy corn and brown butter sauce. It was a huge pastry pop over with lobster and all the other creamy goodness. Both were great and went well with beer.   Our bartender that served was great. He was nice and checked on us frequently. Along the bar there are hour glasses on stands. The thing with those is that if you order a beer and you finish before the sand runs out (seven seconds) you get it for free. We thought about doing it but we were just getting started for the evening...maybe next time.   This is definitely going on my return list. When I'm back in Vegas I will hitting up this place. Maybe I'll even try for a free beer.
excellent pastrami, great beer selection.  Not that expensive for vegas.
Great service and clean. Awful food. Great milkshakes.
Todd English PUB is a great meeting place, fun happy hour and great BAR food.  Gets a little crazy during sporting events and late night on weekends with guys and girls chugging mugs of beer and getting timed!  If you can chug within a certain time frame, you get the beer for free--so there are lots of takers!!  Definitely a fun place to stop on the strip.
I have been wanting to try this place since it opened, so when my friend was in town visiting and we were going to Haze that night and needed a place to have dinner first well it just seemed that  the stars have finally aligned for me.  The place it's self looked nice.  I know it's called a Pub, but by the looks it is definitely a restaurant first.    Our waiter was very friendly and helpful with the menu.  I had the Lobster roll and it was good.  I was expecting something different it ended being what you would call maybe Lobster roll sliders still good, but not what I expected.  For dessert I had the chocolate cake and I must say it was very good extremely rich.  The highlight of my experience was on my way out I took the beer chug challenge.  To be honest that was probably the main reason I was there.  Well it was a victory for me I got my free beer.  I will definitely be back and with the pressure of not having to take the challenge I'm sure it will be a greater experience.
My Mom was in town for a visit and we decided to partake in some retail therapy at Crystals in City Center. We needed to carb-load before burning calories and cash in Louis Vuitton so we ordered salads and sandwiches from Todd English P.U.B. Delish!  The sandwiches are kind of like a build-a-bear. You choose your bread, your meat, your toppings, etc. We sat outside and the patio area was nice. I would recommend this place for a casual lunch before shopping.
Looking for a great place to hang out while your family goes shopping (or gambling) in Vegas? Todd English P.U.B. is the place!  Widest the selection of beers and a good selection of food makes it a great place.  Service is quick and attentive too.  Will be back!
I ordered the Lobster Roll. While the lobster was cooked fine and had this clean simple flavor, the bread roll really disappointed me. I didn't like the bread to lobster ratio. I also didn't like that the bread had no crunch or particularly interesting flavor to it. Perhaps the lobster would have been better off in a toasted garlic roll. I have to day the slaw was nice though.
Shocked that the boyfriend wanted to give the place four stars, as I was totally set on two stars.  But he really loved his Carvery Sandwich.  A group of 10 of us had reservations and were really looking forward to Todd English PUB.    The Good: The "7-second pint challenge" was lots of fun and meant free beers for some guys in the group.  The boyfriend loved his sandwich from the Carvery menu (pastrami) and the pickled veggies that came with.  Big menu with lots to choose from.  The Bad: Corn Dog Bites that tasted a lot like the samples at Costco.  The Ugly: Terrible service - from pushing alcohol sales too hard, to not detailing the beers in a flight of beers, to serving the wrong drinks (beer when it was supposed to be cider), to not serving drinks at all and not bringing condiments when requested. Our server was completely indifferent to us, but more than happy to put an auto gratuity of 20% on the bill.  The Fish n Chips which was supposed to be a signature dish was terrible. Two of us ordered it and it was gummy and the breading was too thick and undercooked.    The location is great, and in general, I really enjoy Todd English's restaurants, but this one just wasn't what we were hoping for.
After scouring many menus on the internet in anticipation of our trip to Vegas, we decided our first meal would take place at Todd English PUB. We got to the PUB around 2 to enjoy a late lunch. The restaurant still had a fair amount of energy even though it was about 30% occupied.   Now to the food. We had difficulty deciding on our meal as many items on the menu looked appealing. I opted for the lobster rolls with house made chips and my wife ordered Grichebactom (grilled cheese with brie an bacon) and mac and cheese. The lobster rolls were incredible. A warm buttery roll with the richness of the lobster were a perfect match. My wife's Grichebactom was good, but not great. We couldn't help ourselves and ordered desserts. I took down the bread pudding topped with salted caramel ice cream and caramel sauce while my wife ordered the chocolate cream pie topped with toasted marshmallows. The desserts were definitely a 10 out of 10.   We were pleased enough with our first meal that we decided to go back for round 2. I ordered the dirty chips (topped with blue cheese, bacon and fried chicken livers) and duck buns, while the wife ordered the sliders. The dirty chips were amazing. I didn't know what to expect with the fried chicken livers and they were cooked perfectly. This was a delicious combination of salty, creamy, crunch and richness. The duck buns were ok. As I dug into the chips first, the juice from the duck made the buns soggy which was not the greatest mouthfeel.  This was not the foods fault, but mine for taking my time. My wife's sliders were tasty, but nothing extraordinary. We opted not to partake in dessert on this visit. I will be visiting the Todd English PUB on my next trip to Vegas.
Environment is cool! Food is great! Portions could be a bit bigger for the prices though. Grilled cheese sandwich was yum! Sliders were seasoned well but a bit over cooked. They chocolate berries beer cocktail was delish! The sweet potato fries are just like you would get anywhere else. Our friends got items from the carvery part of the menu. They loved it. The dipping sauces those come with where yummy. I dipped my fries in them! I'd go again!
This place is extremely overpriced.  The service was ok, but I don't understand how you can charge $14 for a PBR in a brown bag with a shot of Jack.  That is criminal.  I had the $18 buffalo burger which I could hardly taste because the bun was so gigantic and the fries tasted like had come out of a frozen bag.  I will not go back to this PUB.  There much better places to eat in Vegas.
Speaking as a former San Francisco Chronicle/Examiner Newspaper columnist, I recently lunched at Todd's and highly recommend it.  My food was served at the proper temperature...delicious hot Sweet Potato Fries with a unique apple rosemary dip, and tasty Chicken Wings with blue cheese sauce and celery, and a well mixed Margarita, My server Lauren was attentive to all of my requests. And I LOVED the outdoor patio. Cheers!
This is only one of two places that I could find craft beer in Las Vegas.  It's at a beautiful location. ( I felt like I was at the airport all over again.) Considering we had 10 people, we had a substantial wait.  But the wait and the selection of beer made it go quickly.  I didn't venture too far, in terms of food.  I ordered the sliders.  The meat was delicately cooked (a real medium rare) and the beer super cold.  Our server was on it, he didn't miss a thing.  I'd go back. Definitely.  I'm a beer snob. I don't like mass produced beer.  I wonder if they rotate their beers?  Perfect reason to go back.
My Husband and I went here while in Vegas with family. I'm a Sous Chef, huge foodie, and a self proclaimed Confit Whore. All of my food porn fantasies came true here,   We started off with a few beers, Fat Tire and  Lindemans Framboise Lambic. Delicious.  Appetizer was the Welsh Rarebit, Crispy, cheesy heaven. The perfect size to get our taste buds salivating and geared up for more.  Entrees: I ordered the Duck Confit Carver, Rye Bread and horseradish cream and truffle mayo. AMAZING! The little side of pickled veggies helped cut the richness of the duck, which was perfectly tender and moist. My Husband ordered the Brisket Carver and had the blue cheese sauce and house BBQ, both good. We shared the an order of thick cut fries and mac n Cheese. The mac was heavenly, although I feel a little over priced for the portion (the only time I thought this during our entire meal) The fries were good, but not the kind of item I wake up dreaming about (though their Confit and welsh rarebit are)  Our server (which I wish I could remember his name) was amazing. Very helpful with explaining menu items and ingredients because I am one of those people who ask. I had my 35mm and kept getting up to snap pictures and he was patient enough to wait for me to return to serve us our courses.   Overall AMAZING (hence the five star) As a cook I don't make a ton of money so the bill was a little daunting but, I'd say worth every penny and will most defiantly go back the next time I'm in Vegas, maybe look into any kind of Happy Hour specials.
Good restaurant. Great meat choices. Service was a little slow, especially when the restaruant wasn't even half full. We had a good time though. Good atmosphere. Good value.
This is a very cool, relaxed atmosphere. The wait staff, managment staff, security was top notch. The food was PHENOMENAL! The price point was fair.  You must try their raw bar too.  We went twice in four days and the second evening from 9pm -10 pm (Wednesday) they offered $0.25 beer by this time I thought that I was at a nightclub in college.    It's overall a great place to let loose, eat good, drink good and listen to great music and receive EXCELLENT guest service....  BTW, I failed to mention that their portions are large and the presentation was quite impressive.
I wouldn't go here unless I only wanted to drink. Very loud. The fish and chips were overcooked and the turkey from the carvery was disappointing. The sides of pickles ,coleslaw and fries-none were worth eating. They do appear to have a large beer selection.
Great Great Food. Horrible Horrible service.  Some of the best chili cheese fries on the plant. They had Ephemere on tap a super big plus.  The negative things about this place. The waiter hit on my girlfriend the entire night, and said and did inappropriate things. Total douche bag. He was always around when you didn't need him, and never around when you needed something. The big ticker was he offered me and my girl complementary Patron shots for deserts, but charged us at the end of the night on the bill for the shots. When I tried to ask about it another waiter came up and said our original waiter is on a freaking smoke break. What a scam artist (Vegas Style). Todd English you have a bad server working for you, but great food.
To bed at 530 am, wake up and my buddy is still snoring. It's 1200pm and I need food. Grab sunglasses, head is pounding, throw on shorts and flip flops. Quietly shut door and head out. Exit casino left. A walkway, flowing water, fresh air and sun. wow, I needed that; what's this? A pub? Todd English Public Urban Bar (P.U.B.)?? I give it a go - air flowing through out, plenty of seats at the bar. Despite his rumored financial difficulties, this place managed to serve up some pretty sweet food.   Started off with what I hate to admit was maybe the best bloody mary I've ever had. Pint glass rimmed with spicy Cajun pepper rub. Pickled carrots, onions, celery stalk and plenty of Grey Goose. Well prepared bloody mix, thick and substantial. Outstanding start, particularly when paired with a shot of Patron Silver. Ordered  1/2 dozen West Coast oysters, somewhere in Washington, bartender wasn't sure exactly where, no problem - they were clean, fresh, meaty and shucked with no damage to meat or shell. Excellent mignonette to accompany these bi-valves.   In addition, a side of house made pickled veggies - baby carrots, onions, peppers, and pickles. Great pickling job.   Followed by a free Guinness - actually make that two. You get them free, limit of two, if you can chug it before sand clock runs out, not a problem on this end.   Confit of duck three ways or so it seems. Really a confit leg, some shredded duck and then a breast as well. Quite good, certainly not close to La Cote Basque NYC but pretty decent considering it is served at a bar at 1200pm in Las Vegas. Served by the half-pound or pound, a variety of dipping sauces and a choice of breads to make little sandwiches. The maple soy and black truffle mayo were my favorites. Add another shot of Patron and lunch comes to a close - time for a shower, a nap by the pool and off to the club later in the evening.
Tasty burger with a great atmosphere. This is a fun Vegas place to eat. Beer pong is also a big bonus.
Went here with a group of 15 others for St. Patricks Day.  The place was great and accommodated our party without any trouble.  They have a massive beer list and a full bar, so no shortage of alcohol options.  Food was really solid too.  I went with the sliders and fries - both very good.  Other people were raving about the duck buns and hot dogs.  You really can't go wrong with this place.  Really convenient if you're staying at any of the hotels in the city center, or even on that end of the strip.  It's open late and they have tons of TVs for sports viewing.  They do play loud music over the speakers throughout so beware if that bothers you.  If you slam a beer in less than 7 seconds, it's free!  I'll definitely be returning in the future.
We were here on a Saturday evening around 6:30pm, and we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait. We were okay with that, but as we walked to the bar there were a TON of empty tables!!! Why would there be such a long wait just for two?  Anyway, we found a table at the bar to sit in and have dinner. We shared the mini corn dogs, Dirty Chips, and the bison burger.  The corn dogs were good. The Dirty Chips were pretty fantastic. It was a huge appetizer for the two of us. Between the corn dogs and chips, we didn't need the bison burger.  The bison burger was dry. We ordered it medium rare, and it lacked juiciness.  The service was good and the atmosphere was nice too.
On my second trip to the P.U.B., I was sadly disappointed to learn that my beloved Frli strawberry beer had been taken off the menu! We actually almost left, because that was kind of the only reason we went back, but the waitress brought me a sample of a raspberry beer and I decided to stay. (The raspberry was good, but it's no Frli.)  This time, I had something from the carvery section of the menu, and I would definitely make that decision again. I had roasted turkey breast with challah and two sauces: blue cheese fondue and truffle mayo. I ate every last drop of the latter, it was so fantastic; the blue cheese was delicious, as well. I sat at the table, drinking my fruity beer and happily making my own cheesey, truffley, turkeylicious sandwiches. It was awesome.
We only had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated, but that was about the only good thing about this place.  The staff was not very friendly and it was difficult to recognize them with their plain cornflower blue t-shirts.  We asked for separate checks as soon as our server arrived.  He replied, "We'll deal with that at the end."  Okay.....  so, we ordered, and the menu was VERY expensive.  $10 for a 12 oz. domestic draft deer.  I thought that was ridiculous.  The entrees were also p[ricey- I paid $17 for a grilled cheese and fries.  The food was OK, but not worth the money.  Then, to top it off, when we asked for the check, he gave us 1 check with 20% gratuity added.  We reminded him about separating it.  He then went back to his register and took about 20 minutes to slpit everything up and process our payments.  YES, I understand that splitting checks is a pain, but honestly, it's more and more common these days, especially in a tourist area like Vegas.  The servers and establishments need to adjust to their market.  I am a local, and will NOT be going there again.  I thought for a $33 bill total, the servers should at least be wearing a collared shirt....
I'd give these guys 5 stars based on my first visit alone but the hostess gave my wife and I attitude when we came back on Friday March 18 because we wanted to have a few drinks outside.   Apparently it's only for people who wish to dine.  Really, lady?  3 or 4 cocktails each add up way faster than a couple of burgers, just so you know.   The outside, incidentally, was completely empty since everybody was inside watching the NCAA tournament.   We opted to leave and went to Beso instead.  On my first visit, however, I was by myself and sat at the bar and ordered the Fish & Chips.    I love fish & chips but seldom do I find really good fish & chips, and that's living in the Bay Area right by the Pacific ocean.   So where do you have to go to find amazing fish that almost melts in your mouth?   Apparently in the middle of the desert, that's where!  That was a beautiful dinner and the waitress was really nice, despite the fact that she was evidently quite busy.
I always tell myself "don't order room service; it's a friggin' rip-off" no matter where you're staying.  The Belgian waffle, though, at Aria was pretty damn good but $30-good, dunno.  For lunch I decided to get off my lazy ass, wade through the Rolex-wearing computer sales nerds and go to Crystals.  Luckily, I didn't have to go through much of Crystals as Todd English P.U.B. was right by the Aria entrance.  Since it was like three o'clock getting a table wasn't a problem.  Although I'm sure the fish 'n chips are terrific, I decided to have something -- I'm sure I'll pay for in a while -- I don't see everywhere:  A nice grilled bologna sandwich.  The bologna is from Italy not some horrible feed yard in the midwest.  Also had the giardiniera.  Both were terrific.    I was advised that between three and six all wine and beer is half-price.  I was only bummed that I couldn't share this with my foodie-gf.  She loves trying new things.    If you're looking for a quick bite ... a quick GOOD bite ... this is a great place!
Not the best fish and chips I've ever had, but decent. This place gets loud!  Packed with men. I'd say it was a 8-to-1 male to female ratio up in here. I'm just sayin'.
The. Best. Brisket. EVER! Seriously, that stuff is dreamy. Smokey, savory goodness. And a huge huge portion. ALL the food here is in gigantic portions. I could only finish about 1/3 of my meat, but the rest of the table happily finished the rest. You can share almost everything on the menu. I saw one of the footlong hotdogs go by, that thing was a bit over a foot and about an inch-and-a-half in diameter. Also, service was great... but the brisket....
This place rocks. Sit at the bar and enjoy fun banter with the staff.  Order a delicious beer and the bison burger with skinny fries! Loved it so much here I came back again on my two day trip.
Mediocre food. Had fish and chips. Fish was overcooked and coating was charred. Chips were soggy and flavorless. Kitchen was SLOW. It took over an hour from when we were seated until we were served our entree. This might be a good place if you want to drink a lot of beer and don't care when your food arrives or what it tastes like.
Not a bad place for a pint of Guiness....  Service - For a humongous place, the service was quite good.  Drinks - Different sizes for a pint of Guiness or your other favorites. And, the pint is the smallest size. Very cool.  Food - Oh, I just had dinner and still munched on their food. Order the "Dirty Chip".  You gotta try it.  Price - Ahhh,  okay that was a bit pricey.  Ambiance.  Too large, not too intimate.  Pubs should be eclectic and not, well clubby.  But definitely this place is huge.  Parking - if you are a local, well, what a pain to wait for your car, but it is part of the valet experience.  I would give this place a four, but due to such a large size place and high prices, I gotta reduce it a bit!  Nevertheless - GO FOR IT.
I came wandering in here drunk and hungry.   I left stumbling drunk and not hungry.   Todd English P.U.B. is located inside of the new city center - connected to the Cosmopolitan and Aria casinos.  Feeling adventurous, I ordered the double stack beef burger...12 ounces of pure heart ache.  Really...after I ate it, I seriously felt as though my arteries were clogging.   To accentuate my artery clogging entre, I had a drink called Punch Drunk Love...or something to that degree.  It was ridiculously strong...so excuse me for being a bit on the hazy side on the details.  Overall, it was an alright place to go.  i wasn't completely dazzled by it, especially with the prices, but I was glad that they  seated us quickly and had a great overall staff. Bathroom tripped me out though.
Alex was one of the best servers ive had in a long time. Very knowledgable but not overbearing.  We liked Alex and the atmosphere, but the food was average, if not a bit overpriced.  The second time we visited, again there was good service and good beers available but the food was underwhelming.  When you put your name a restaurant in Vegas, the food better be the main event.  The chicken pot pie was okay.  Good but didn't blow me away.  My wife and sister in law had some carved meats that later gave them both heart burn.  We sent an appetizer back, and the manager came over to check in on us.  Good service there.  Instead of removing the item from our bill he wanted to take care of us and sent over a deep fried halibut.  It was this enormous deep fried piece of fish that looked like a football.  Not what we needed.  It was a good piece of fish, but man that thing was a huge fried turd.  Overall, I'd say go for the beer and location, but eat dinner somewhere else.
A couple of things I dig about this place.  1. free peanuts and you throw the shells on the floor! 2. beer cocktails! 3. good selection of beers on tap  (lots of brit beers on tap) and speciality beers by the bottle - (hell yes) 3. waitresses have the coyote ulgy thing going on~  Unfortunatly we didn't get to eat.  Making a point of returning based on the reviews.
I ate lunch here with my family on Saturday. It is mediocre at best. The atmosphere is.. "pubby"- obviously which was fine... but the food was blaaahh... I ordered the roast beef sliders which were dry and boring. I ate 2 of the 3... and that was only because i doused them in mustard. The fries and the pickles were good, but i expect a little more from T.E. No one in my group claimed their meal was excellent... If you're in the new mall you're better off @ Wolfgang or Social house for lunch..
Cool looking place but the food was not up to par.  I would definitely come here just for drinks, they have an extensive beer and drink menu and the bar area is quite spacious.  We got the turkey burger, wedge salad and chicken sliders.  All three were mediocre at best.  I was expecting a lot more flavor and maybe even a twist to add some uniqueness to the dishes.  Got neither and could have gotten the same thing at Applebees for a third of the price.  There is a section of the restaurant that seats next to open windows which look into the hotel lobby.  SIT HERE!  This made for fantastic people watching, especially on a crazy Saturday night!  Come here for drinks and people watching but not for food.
Maybe it's because we came in kinda late, but the food was just eh. I had the duck buns and they were pretty salty, not to mention that that they got soggy super fast. The hubs had the burger and it was unremarkable. We did enjoy the soft pretzel appetizer, though.  The service was really slow but overall okay.
Next to the Aria casino in Crystals mall.  A pretty good example of an English pub with Vegas prices.  The bangers and mashed were as I recall them from England, good but not something I would eat everyday.  The grilled bologna sandwich brought back memories of youth.  Lots of excellent beers on tap, they have Fuller's ESB which is hard to find in the USA.
This place was pretty lame. It hooks with you with a cute Irish Pub feel, but prepare to be disappointed.  We had terrible service. It took 20 minutes to have our beverages delivered while they sat warm at the bar. Food was about $20 per person, which I know is typical for Vegas, but the portions were small. Taste was average, nothing to write home about.   I got a plate with beef and fritos, I can't remember what it was called. It came out very differently than I expected. One friend ordered the sliders and found them inedible. She did like her fries though.   A few of my friends ordered oysters, which were a pretty good price. The entrees came, the oysters did not, so they cancelled them.   It was about a $150 bill for lunch for 5, with 3 people ordering alcoholic drinks. Not worth it.
Disclaimer - I got there late after a long poker session so only had the short menu they start serving at 10:30 pm.  Have read good things about the normal menu so will update this review if I ever have that.  Got the beef sliders and mini corn dogs. Sliders - Bland.  The beef wasn't really seasoned (though I guess that's standard in many places) so didn't really taste great.  The slider buns were pretty good - nice flavor and texture.  It let you eat your slider without things spilling everywhere.  But overall it just didn't taste that great.  Even the onions they serve it with get lost in the strength of the slider's sauce as well as the pickles served with it.   Mini corn dogs with skinny fries - Corn dogs were, again, bland.  The batter had a nice texture but don't think it offered much flavor beyond just kind of a normal sweetness.  The dogs were made of decent meat (I think) but just not seasoned.  Fries were ok - but they did get soggy towards the bottom of the cup.  Not so bad since they would get cold served on a plate (there were lots of them).  I'm willing to try again as it looked like a really cool place and the Aria poker room is my new favorite.  But the food, so far, was poor.  Service was kind of lacking too.  Bartenders spent a lot of time socializing while patrons were kind of waiting there for service.  My water glass went unfilled my whole meal.
This is a large bar basically, but they happen to serve really flavorful food and unusually low prices for vegas. It's not "cheap" food, but what you do get for what they charge is good. We skip the carvery section (pricey) and just order the rest of the menu.  If you like pretzels, theirs are good. Best dip is the ware rarebit appetizer. Lobster rolls are great, the mini pastrami sandwiches are a win as well. They do a burger with pastrami added, it's also good.  The real treat is the shepards pie. the beef inside is flavor packed and it's just a big hot cast iron skillet of comfort food. The skirt steak with ribeye chili on top is also flavorful and a definite winner.  They do a really good twist on a manhattan called The Excellent Crystal. Oh and they have a ton of beers on tap as well. Honestly if you wanted to sit and just eat bar food, drink draft beer and watch sports, i'd go here (and often do).  If you make it to dessert, the bread pudding is delicious.  Now the bar games...  Around the bar you'll find up lit small hourglasses. They are set to 7 second. Order any pint (Guinness is really the best bet for speed). With hand on glass, but glass on bar, they flip the hourglass, you drink. no side drafting beer out of your mouth and nothing left over and you get the pint for free.  Before you get excited, you can only do it twice I believe. Which brings us to the next game, Make a shot, take a shot.  They have a couple basketball hoops on teh bar (it's easier now than it used to be), sink the nerf ball, free shot. They have made this easier.  Solid food, good flavor, reasonable prices and on strip.  Pretty rare.
This place maybe deserves 2 1/2 stars, but I'm sticking with 2 after comparing  it to all the great meals we had and this one stands out as the least favorite.  First, it took 10 minutes to get a menu!! What's up with that?  Then after we got our menus another 15 minutes to have our order taken.  So after 25 minutes we weren't expecting our food to come out quickly,but it did.  The same inconsistency was found with the food.  Lobster rolls were delicious and of course expensive, but loaded with lobster.  All three in our party were extremely disappointed with the fish and chips. The batter wasn't cooked through and when I asked the waiter about it he said that is the way it's supposed to be.  I lived in England on 2 different occasions....where did this chef get a soggy batter undercooked recipe from?  Not GB I can guarantee!!  Little corn dogs were ok and the fries were just ok.  The mini blt sliders were just meh.  They looked delicious but needed more mayo or some kind of sauce.  Pretty sure I wouldn't come back to this place with the strange service and hit or miss food that is definitely not cheap.
Came here for lunch as part of our mancation plan to get loaded first thing in the morning.  Nothing like a couple pints of strong, belgian beer to start off the day.  I had the fish & chips, which was better than your average fish & chips and should satisfy that craving if you were to ever have it.  I would ask for skinny fries instead of the ones that usually come w/ the order though.  I didn't want to order the pastrami or corned beef, because I'm such a Langer's homer and nothing could ever compare, but my friends ordered those 2 things and they were both amazing.  Not as good as the #19 because of the accompaniments, but the pastrami itself was right up there.  Service was very friendly and on top of things.  I would definitely come here again if I wanted to have a beer in a more casual atmosphere.  Oh btw, my friend ended up throwing up on the street, so if you saw a handsome, asian dude bent over a trash can outside of Aria on Saturday, that was my buddy.  Good times.
I was extremely impressed with pretty much everything here.  Yes, you're in Vegas and everything is more expensive.  But as far as gastropubs go, this one is up there with the best of everything.  Everything we had was amazing, from the tuna poke appetizer and the house made chips, to the entrees.  I had a chicken pot pie (advertised as made with a veloute), which was killer.  Creamy delicious inside, perfect fluffy crust.  Served absurdly hot though.  The best tasting thing on the table was probably the lobster rolls.  Perhaps the most beautiful looking sandwich I've ever seen, from bright red lobster meat to glistening buttery rolls.  I also heard great feedback on the swordfish enchilada (?!) and the fish & chips.  Everything is done real well here.  Don't forget the absurdly large and delicious beer selection.
Went here before a show, and i really wish we had more time here, we had like 45 minutes, and def rushed ourselves, as this place deserved to have more time spent in it.  Ordered a few beers, popcorn comes out in a lil tin can, just eh.  half isnt popped.    Appetizer - I ordered the lobster poppie, and my friend ordered the duck buns.  each came with 2, so we just split them.  Both of these things were so weird and refreshing, they were great.  The bun on the duck bun was a lil much, but delicious.  and the lobster poppie aioli was addicting, i actually soaked up some with the duck bun.  Dinner - My friend ordered a fish special, i dont remember what it was, other then that it was very good.  and i got the brisket on challah bread with te bbq sauce and black truffle mayo.  the sauces were delicious, and challah was, being a jew from long island, not the best, same with the brisket.  if you're not like me, and not used to amazing homemade brisket and challah bread, then it was easily amazing.  Worth going back to, specially for the drinks.
This is why I am always unabashedly checking out menus located outside of restaurants... sometimes, you hit gastronomic gold. We had read the full menu earlier in the day while doing the touristy thing and decided to come back. After a run-in with some Patron at Pink Taco's happy hour (seemed like a good idea at the time), we didn't end up getting to our destination till after 10:30... where we were saddened to find that they only offer a limited menu from then until 1am. Damn you, tequila!!! I got their very refreshing mojito and the boy and I shared the chicken parm sliders, the sweet potato fries and a Caesar salad. The salad was a Caesar... come on, how can you mess up a Caesar? I appreciated the addition of tomatoes though...  the fries were also yummy, not at all greasy or burnt (could have been a bit hotter)... the stars were the chicken parm sliders. Tiny cheesy morsels of goodness sandwiched between little fluffy buns that you can add a lettuce/tomato mix to... deeeeeelish. Service was good... not overly friendly, but adequate. The thing that I will remember most is the ambiance... very man-friendly, but more of a modern Mad-Men off-duty type of way. I also realized that this is the same place that I had heard of that gives you your beer for free IF you are able to drink it in under seven seconds. The barkeeps rings a very loud bell if you are able to... I heard that bell quite often, lemme tell ya. I definitely want to come back before they close down most of the kitchen... ideally wearing a dress that I stole from Christina Hendrick's wardrobe.
I really hate giving these types of reviews but when its  that bad...  It was about 3pm on a Saturday afternoon there was a good amount of people in the place, but it definitely wasn't busy. Even though it wasn't busy it still the the lady behind the bar took forever to get me a menu and even longer to ask me if I was ready. I ordered my beer, I ordered my food then sat there for about another 45min.   Finally when my food came it looked amazing and all of the bad that just happened didn't matter.... until I bit into my burger. It might as well been made from a solid block of salt, it was that salty. When I say that I'm not exaggerating when I say this, I've never had anything that salty in my life.   I ask the woman for the check (I didn't ask them totake the food back) she noticed I had only taken one bite and at least took it off my bill (without my asking). At least she tried to make it right but it was too late. I was starving to begin with, and I left just as hungry...  It sucks because my local friend said it was a good place to grab a burger, just not for me... not that day at least. Maybe I'll try it again but not any time soon.
I was excited to try this place but the food just wasn't that good. Trust me, I really want to like this place. With that said, it's a fun pub and we went back for beers again. They do have really good service but the food is overpriced and terribly mediocre. Also, basic beers are at least $10 a pint, I know this is Vegas but c'mon! A Fat Tire is $12? You gotta be kiddin' me.
My two girl friends and I wandered into Todd English to try the fruli strawberry beer, unfortunately the bartender said it was no longer being made  =( I forgot our bartenders name.. either way... all of the staff were so accommodating. Since we had originally dropped in to try that specific drink and we aren't big beer drinkers, the bartenders let us sample a bunch of beers they thought we'd like. All of the samples he gave us were more than enough for us to drink but we still ordered a glass of each of our favorites. We also decided to order cookies and ice cream, i know it's a strange combo with the beer and all but we were craving some sweets at the time. The bartenders were so friendly, chatted with us and the regulars who came by. I felt like we stepped into an episode of Cheers. When we asked for our bill, we saw they only charged us for 1 coke and the ice cream and cookies! we left happy and left them with a pretty big tip! 5 stars for Todd English for their beer selection and especially their service!  next time I plan to try the food...heard their pastrami sandwich is amazing!
I didn't have a good experience at this restaurant. First, I think the name "gastropub" is thrown around a little loosely these days. I noted a few items hinting at creativity, but mainly the menu is bar appetizers, burgers and some British food. Creed and Maroon 5 on the sound system, and enough "flair" on the wall to make you feel like you are in a British TGI Fridays, not a hole in the wall British Pub.   Went for lunch and the place was not packed at all. Despite seeing several servers walking around, waited a good 10 minutes for a water and a menu. The following was ordered: buffalo burger medium, substitue horseradish sauce instead of bleu cheese, and sweet potato fries. 35 minutes later (place is almost empty) food arrives by a different server who puts it down without saying anything and walks away. Food consists of a small patty of well done meat on a very large, somewhat burned bun. I am not sure of there burger weight, but putting it on a bun twice the size does not help with any sort of illusion. Large hunk of bleu cheese, but no horseradish anywhere to be found. No one is around and I am starving so I scrape off the cheese and just eat it. Anyone who has had buffalo understands it has a different flavor than beef. I cannot verify this, but I am pretty sure I DIDNT have a buffalo burger.   No one checked on me even if I had wanted to say anything. The next time I saw my server he was delivering my unasked for check.   This "pub" is exactly the reason I avoid chain restaurants whenever I can.   Since I want to be a little nice, if you do want a good beer selection (and even some ciders) this place might be up your alley. Also, the sweet potato fries were good.
Went to dinner here with a party of 16 and the service was great.  The beer is a little pricey though so prepare to spend a little there.  I had the Chicken Pot Pie and it was amazing, served in cast iron pot and piping hot with tasty crust on top.  Also had a side of macaroni and cheese and was also very very good and creamy.  Will definitely go back to this place again!!
I was happy to come here since Todd English is a well-known chef and was named a National Rising Star Chef by the James Beard foundation.  This place is located at the City Center and has a huge beer selection and some great cocktails.  I had the Grow a Pear cocktail, which was yummm.  It had grey goose, la poire vodka, sour mix, w/ riesling.  Also ordered the lobster roll sandwich that came with chips.  To my surprise is was a pretty big portion, and although I tried my hardest to eat it all, I just couldn't.  It had huge pieces of lobster claws in the roll and had a bit of a tang to it.   The pub itself has a really fun atmosphere.  The paper place mates has quotes from Abe Lincoln to bumper sticker sayings that say 'Vegetarian: an old Indian word for bad hunter.'  LOL.  Next time I'll grab a seat at the bar...that seems to be where all the action was that day.
I can only give 4 stars for I only came here for a beer. The place was nice; we saw it while walking around Crystals.  So, my friends & I stopped for a quick drink, like I said I only wanted a beer...... And I walk into beer heaven. It may not have the largest selection of beers, but it has a really good one! Our serves was really nice, always on top of things. And the beers were nice and smooth. Nothing could have been better!!
The food and service were horrible and the restaurant was half empty. I have eaten at other Todd English restaurants and really enjoyed them, so my experience at PUB is even more appalling because of the comparison. The only redeeming features was the extensive selection of draft beers and a great, fun atmosphere.
I'm still dreaming about this place.  The dirty chips, pretzel bites and french fries were ALL delicious... the best I'v had in my life-- the lobster roll.  Amazingly devinely dream-worthy.  Service was ++, a tad bit pricey, but expected on the strip, esp in Aria.
A big reason I'm giving this place five stars is because of the excellent service! That's not to say the food isn't good as well (it is!), but the service our group of about 30 received here for a birthday was just awesome!   Like I said, we had a group of 30, which can be daunting. The birthday girl (who had made a reservation here months in advance) had called in shortly before we were coming and ordered several appetizers which were waiting for us when we arrived. There were two long tables that were next to each other where we were seated, and each table had onion rings (which were delicious!), "dirty nachos" (think nachos w/potato chips instead of tortilla chips), which were also delicious, and honestly I can't remember the third appetizer. I'm not sure if they did something special for our group or not (hey I just showed up and ate what was ordered), but if these were the normal portion sizes for appetizers they're HUGE!   Now this is where I say the service was awesome...   Shortly after our entree orders were taken a small group of us had to get up and leave to take care of some of business for the birthday girl's big night (the Vegas club scene is a pain!). We expected to be gone a short time and by the time we'd get back our food would have just gotten there. Well, we were gone much longer than expected. Without any questions asked (nobody from our group said anything) our waitress (I'm assuming she got permission from the higher ups) said she would remake our food since we were gone so long. I kind of felt like an a-hole, but the restaurant was beyond nice for doing this for us.   Oh, as far as what I ordered I got the West Coast Burger, which is essentially a Turkey burger w/bacon, sprouts & avocado. It was delicious and tasted very fresh. The fries that came w/it were delicious as well! Oh I also had a couple of pear vodka cocktails which were refreshing (a bit sweet...but refreshing)   I would definitely come back to Todd English PUB when back in Vegas. It's a nice restaurant and the prices are fair for the quality & portions.
Took my parents here on a recent trip to Vegas and they quite liked this fare.  Meet & potatoes kind of thing but a little gourmet.  I tried the carved meat & it was quite tasty and cooked just right...ie not dry.  Close to the Aria in the City Center.  The place is quite busy & boisterous.
Had a really nice brunch on Memorial Day Sunday while watching the end of the Indy 500.   We've eaten at Todd English's Olives in the Bellagio -- this is good too, but nothing like Olives, either ambience or food selection.  But, it is an archetypical "pub" / sports bar.  They were running a Corned Beef Hash special with asparagus & hollandaise and a brunch drink special on Mimosas and Bloody Marys. Great food, good bread to start with, decent sparkling wine in the Mimosas.   Great service.  Definitely will go back -- the rest of menu looked great for an easy lunch or dinner place while in the City Center area.
My girlfriends invited me out for a night on the town-   I am always a little hesitant to go out on the strip on a work week... however they mentioned something about Nickel Beers?   I was shocked, there is a place in VEGAS that doesn't charge you $8-$15 a drink.   I was totally in.   When we got there it was really busy and we had to wait in line. Once we got in the place was so crowded. When we finally got served at the bar after several minutes, we ordered as many PBR Nickel Beers as we could. I mean who could go wrong with a beer that only costs 5 cents.   I'm not a fan of PBR- but for 5 cents a beer... why not!?   They have an outdoor patio where everyone smokes at, and on the inside the bathrooms for men and women are combined (well just the sinks are in the same room) and they have a host in the bathroom who is really funny.   I had a really great time, and definitely plan to go back in the future!   Tuesday night from 9 until midnight is when they serve nickel beers, I would advise you to get there early if you want to sit at the bar.
I was fortunate to tag along with Blair B. and her husband Mike en route to their friend's birthday dinner at PUB.  I got a pint of the Irish cream beer, and it was okay - not worth ordering again but needed after some stress.  The three of us shared 2 pounds of meat - 1 of crispy duck leg and 1 of lamb loin.  We got challah and kaiser rolls, and four different sauces.  I will stop right now and say get the black truffle mayo as everyone else says.  I am not a mayo eater or even much of a condiment person, but that mayo is ridiculously good.  The lamb was great on its own or with the challah and mayo.  The duck was crispy and delicious.  I liked the pickles that came with the dishes.  the only odd thing is four people at our table ordered half yards of beer, a certain part of the woodwork at this PUB/Bar, yet the waiter told us the place ran out of yard glasses!!!  What?!?!?  We hardly saw any on tables, and it was only like 9 PM!  Strange.  He ended up giving the bday girl and her husband "the last 2 in the whole restaurant" and gave Blair B. and Mike B. 2 pints instead (so they may have lost out on 2 oz each).    In the end it was just a nice experience.  It was pretty loud in there and hard to hear, but the patio seems quieter for a next visit.  Our waiter started off crabby but ended up pretty nice and refilled waters often.  I am glad we came and conquered the carvery!
Food is good and servings are large. The huge sandwich is a deal if there are 3 or 4 of you that can agree at $50.00  Also be aware there is a seven second beer chugging challenge. If you complete the beer in 7 seconds its free. Can be a scene/ crowded on evening weekends- low key on week days for lunch.
We saw the menu last time we were in Vegas and had to try it on our next trip out there.  We were not disappointed.  There menu was outstanding and was filled with unique and elegant twists on the usual "pub grub" one would see on a bar menu.  We decided to create a lunch tasting menu so we could sample many different dishes (it was hard to choose).  We started with oysters Rockefeller which was exquisite and topped with a fresh aioli.  That was followed by an amazingly fresh tuna tar-tar on tortilla crisps with an avocado cream to cool down the chipotle drizzle.  We finished with lobster roll sliders -- they were to die for -- which came on a hot buttered bun with a side of coleslaw and chips.  Great lunch, can't wait to try carvery menu.
The perfect cure for the premature hangover. After a full day of Vegas-style pool-drinking and an early evening power nap this is was the perfect place to refuel with some Vegas style pub food.   Sadly the pre-mature hangover meant we did not try the raw bar. We ordered a bunch of things to try. My favorites were:  Mac and Cheese - legitimately different than the millions of other mac and cheeses out there. Very savory. Steak Tacos - Sauces were really good, as was the corn/bean relish  Other things we tried that were all good  Beer Battered Onion Rings - Big portion Corn Dogs - Yes, awesome.  Roast Beef Sliders - tasty fixings  Solid go-to for a casual night out in Vegas.
A hip place (maybe too hip) that was way overpriced.  The bartenders were cute, helpful and nice.  The beer selection was pretty good.  But, the beers were just not that fresh and were VERY expensive.  No one wanted to pay for the expensive pub grub ($18 for fish & chips), so we had a few beers and headed to Burger Bar at the Mandalay Bay.  It was much better (see my review if you like.)
There aren't very many low-key places to eat & hang out on the strip so P.U.B. was a welcome change of pace at the end of a long weekend.  The place is pretty huge but somehow still manages to have that cozy red British pub vibe.  Service is very friendly and accommodating.  We had a very large party (14, yikes!)  and they were able to seat us together.  Two servers took care of our table  and we had no issues with the ordering process or the bill.  Impressive!  I would say the only place P.U.B. fell short was the food.  With Todd English lending his name to the place, I expected better.  The menu reads amazing, but when the food comes out, SURPRISE!  It's just typical pub fare.  My veggie-less Chicken Pot Pie was a flop, as were the not-so-fresh Fish & Chips.  The lobster rolls were sort of bland and borderline soggy.  The best thing I tried at the table was a basic Shepherd's Pie.   Maybe the carvery is the way to go (choose a meat, bread, and sauces), but it comes with zero vegetables so you have to order those separately.    Price-wise, beers run around $10 a pint for most of the microbrews, BUT if you can chug one in 7 seconds or less, it's free!  Hmmm, maybe we should have come here at the beginning of the weekend instead!  Expect to drop around $40 for a beer and a meal here all-in.   That's practically chump change for dinner in Vegas, plus you can wear shorts and flip flops!
After wandering around on the Strip, we needed to get something to eat before we passed out. This was a good spot to settle down and have a brew at the bar.   When we sat down, the first thing the tender said to us was if you can chug your first glass it will be free. Of course we thought he was joking until he came back. MY buddy took him up on the offer and chugged down an Apricot ale (which is delicious). To our surprise this is a normal thing and they even have time glasses at the bar.   We only ordered apps, I seem to remember the pretzels being okay. Otherwise I thought this place was good and the bathrooms were nice and clean. That is always a plus.
We went here for dinner on a Saturday night after a long day of gambling and laying out in the pool (I know, such a hard life we have). They seated us right away (we were expecting to have to wait), and our waiter, Alex, came to us within the first 5 minutes of being seated. This pub is awesome, for all you beer loving drinkers, they carry about 48 different types of beer on tap and have a pretty large list of wines as well.  I had the bison burger, my boyfriend had the chicken roasted pot pie and our friends had a shepards pie and the swordfish enchiladas. The bison burger was really good, it had the perfect amount of blue cheese and spice. The burger had a kick and it was so good and perfectly cooked! The chicken pot pie was really good as well. My boyfriend said that the vegetables were really fresh. It was well balanced and the chicken was cooked just perfectly. The swordfish enchiladas were yummy and the fish was very fresh, the salsa was homemade and flavorful. The shepards pie did not disappoint either. The mash potatoes were creamy and the flavor was excellent. We ended up having to wait for our food a bit longer (and we thought it was standard because we had ordered items that would take a while to make), but our waiter had told the manager about it and she came by, apologized for the wait (it really wasn't long at all) and offered to have us pick out drinks on the house. That is stellar customer service!  We will definitely be coming back here whenever we visit Vegas!
This place is one of the few eateries in Aria that isn't snobby or stuffy. The atmosphere is comfortable and hip. Moreover, not everything on the menu will cost you an arm and a leg. We took advantage of the snacks and appetizer menu and were pleasantly surprised with the good-sized portion and gourmet quality of this otherwise casual restaurant. I recommend the lobster poppy ($13), which was our table's favorite dish for the night. The sandwiches are great too and come with a a variety of gourmet condiments like truffle oil mayo. I don't drink beer but from what I hear, the chocolate beer is worth tasting. Definitely worth a visit if you are looking for a relaxed place to enjoy a bite with friends.
I always stop by the Todd English PUB.  Their corndog app is delicious.  The "All American Beer" sampler is really good too.  Good location too.  Have drinks, food and walk around the Vegas City Center.  The only reason I didn't rate them 5 stars is because they are a bit expensive for a "pub" and the host and waiters don't seem to be working together...we didn't get menus or service until 5 minutes after we sat down.  The waitress arrived and said she didn't know we were in her section.
The build-your-own sandwich thing on the menu was really yummy. I had the turkey and my bf had the corned beef. Both were really tender. The black truffle mayo on the side was also really tasty. They have a huge beer menu if you're in to that kind of thing. I wish the ambiance had been more cozy and pub-like, but it was still nice. Our server was very nice and attentive. The food came out really quickly. It wasn't crowded when we went for lunch and I found the prices to be reasonable for Las Vegas.
Despite how good the food was, and it was AMAZING. The service was awful. Our waitress wasnt really interested in helping us. She forgot half of one of the orders at our table, it took almost 10 mins to get water. Then when I ordered a black and tan she brought me a full guiness because the Bass keg was empty and they needed to change it... ummm yea wouldnt you ask before you assume? Not to mention it took forever for her to return with our checks.
My husband and I went there on a rainy afternoon on July 11th hoping to enjoy our last day in Las Vegas.  The pub itself is nice, great atmosphere, servers very friendly, food is simply OK.  I had Sheppard's Pie, extremely sweet which was odd to me as the English version is completely different and what I'm used to.  My husband had fish taco's and said they were good. I'd give the other items on the menu a try as the menu really did look good.........BUT would I go back, not quite sure.  I ordered an Ice Tea and not two minutes after it being delivered while in my hand the glass exploded and it sounded like a bomb had gone off.  I was still holding the goblet in my hand but the stem and most of the glass was everywhere including my wrist!  Did I need stitches NO but I had blood running down my arm, on the table and it scared the hell out of me and my husband.  Now was this the Servers fault........NO but what I found tasteless and very unprofessional was the Managers concern.  He merely came over, inspected my wrist and said "are you OK?" when I replied yes he got me a band-aid and we never saw him again.  Our hotel covered all our meals but that is NOT the point.  Our bill came to only $48.65 and what he should have done was said "please come back for dinner ON US"....not the hotel, come back and I'll serve you a fantastic dinner simply because you had such a weird experience.  NOPE nothing, not even I'm sorry for your experience. Our Server Damon E however was wonderful, caring and very concerned.  I now have a scar on my wrist, it hurt the entire rest of our trip.  Should I have gone to the hospital, not really as there was nothing they could have done.  But for a Manager to have such little concern for his patrons is a shame.  It's HIM I should have reported to their headquarters and commend the Server for his quality of care.  Maybe I will do exactly that!
Overpriced crap!  Experience: The staff was very friendly.  I loved the ambiance and decor.  However, I don't go to restaurants for the ambiance and decor.  Food: They do a great job on the sides, but fail miserably on the main entree.  I ordered the following:  1. Bison burger- they put way too much blue cheese, it over powers the burger.  I had to cut off the top of the patty, because it was making me nausea 2. Steak tacos- the steak was over cooked, which made it too chewy.  The grilled corn and black bean mix was really good, but I don't like spending $20 for corn and beans 3. Side of mac and cheese- great, but it takes a lot to mess up mac&cheese 4. Chicken parm sliders- decent, but nothing special  Overall: I tried this place 3 times, because I really wanted to like it.  Unfortunately, I would have to say 3 strikes and they're out!    For the price I expected more, not crap bar food I can get from Uno's Pizzeria.
This is a pretty decent stop when you're in the City Center. They have a huge selection of beers, and they have peanuts on the tables. I don't know why, but I love a bar where you can throw peanut shells on the floor...but I digress.   I've had the burgers here and tasted the fish & chips. Both were really good, flavorful, and filling. Of course, the prices are high as well.   The service (at the bar at least) lacks a bit because they have 2 - 3 people assigned to one section. This creates a lot of chaos and interruptions, when you've just told one server something and the next guy comes and asks you, and then another one.   If you go, sit at a table for a better experience.
My friends and I recently went to Vegas and had a group (of 13) dinner at the P.U.B. The atmosphere was nice and the guys in the group were impressed with the very large beer selection. I had the Rojo Sangria and I'm so happy I did. It was honestly the best I've ever had. I normally go for the white, but the description bent me to the red.   They have a raw bar to choose seafood from. I'm not a seafood fan, but a couple people in the group got oysters and shrimp and they said they enjoyed it.   Our server was lovely. I wish I remembered his name. He was super helpful and honestly steered us away from the Shepard's pie and swordfish. No one tried either, we're assuming for the better.  I had the Pot Pie. It was pretty legit. It was nice and creamy and to my surprise had cheese in it. (Luckily I am a big cheese fan.) One of my favorite parts to a pot pie is the bottom crest that gets soaked in the gravy. Unfortunately, this pot pie is only covered with a puff pastry that was cooked separately. It was still really good though.   Almost half our our table tried the fresh cut meat sandwiches (what I think they are known for). A few got the brisket on challah and really enjoyed it. My fiance got the crispy duck w/ challah and was very happy with his duck.   All in all it was a great time!
Great lunch spot.  Huge portions!  The truffle mayo is amazing, and the blue cheese spread very good aswell.  I got the sliders and had a bite of the grilled cheese.  Both were great.  It comes with a huge portion of fries... wish I would have know that sweet potato fries were an option.  They looked so good!  Service was fast and attentive.
This place is way overrated. We came here for brunch.  We ordered the Duck buns and brown butter lobster rolls and a side of fries. Started out with two pints of Maudite (heck its Vegas!) The service took its time and we had to wait for our food. The duck buns were good and the meat was nicely shredded with a nice dollop of Hoison Sauce. As for the main course the lobster rolls were a disappointment. The meat tasted like it had been sitting for a while and though drenched in brown butter it was missing taste and the portions were small. We split the second pint. The beer selection is good but the prices are high. So for 2 people without a significant amount of food or drinks we ended up paying over 1$$ which is ridiculous for a pub. I guess I am one of the few people who doesn't like gastro pub craze that's sweeping the nation. If the food is done right and a portions are fulfilling I would have no complaints but just jacking up the price while serving mediocre fusion food is unacceptable.
Impressed for sure!  The Dirty Chips were freak'n bomb! I couldn't stop snacking down on them. Reading my friend's review, i decided to get the 1/2 pastrami, w/ bread, and black truffle mayo and the horseradish. And it was pretty damn good. The black truffle mayo was a great dipping sauce. Sadly the sauce didn't last long since i was dipping everything in there.  Next time I'll request 2 black truffle mayo. And the pastrami was also really good. Tender. The 1/2 order was still to much for me. haha.  Beer: I don't remember what beer we got, but they have a good selection. I just remember the pitcher of delerium tremens cost $60. haha  Service: Good  Not bad. I'll be back for sure! I want some more dirty chips!!! haha
we stayed at city center and had some time to kill between check out and our flight so we went here bc it was super close..to continue with our one meal a day during this trip..   we split the apps.. -chicken wings: had a nice kick from the spice -corn dog puppies: mini corndogs with fries.. i liked these the best -roast beef sliders: only thought these were ok   this isn't a place i'd crave on my next visit but i wouldn't mind giving it another shot..
We were staying at Aria and we stopped in on a Saturday night and had some delicious eats! My husband got the most AMAZING Chicken Pot Pie I have ever had. I couldn't keep my hands off of it and I was so sad I didn't order it for myself. He was so annoyed with me moaning and groaning at how fabulous it was. I was tempted all weekend to go back and just order one to go, so I could enjoy it in the privacy of my own room. It was THAT good! I got the fish and chips, they were fantastic, but totally were a second thought after I had a taste of the pot pie! Our friends got the mini sliders, BLT, and corn dog nuggets that were all wonderful as well.   If you're into Bud Light and Coors Light or simple beers like that, you won't be that happy with the beer selection. There are tons of beer, but the most simple beer for you would be a Corona. I love to have different beers, so it was nice to have one there.  The ambiance is good, it was a fun place and I would go back in a heartbeat! Perhaps good ole Todd, would want to send me a pot pie in the mail??????
We went here for our last dinner in Vegas! It is a nice Pub between ARIA and Crystal's Shopping Center. Atmosphere is very laid back, relaxed. Staff was really friendly, place was nice and clean. I had a great dining experience.  I had the Roast Beef Mini Burgers! It was yum! A couple of my friends got the skirt steak! And the popcorn they give you when you first sit down is awesome!! lol.   I would def go back here and I would recommend this place to anyone I know!
Location:  P.U.B was very accommodating to our party of 18.  There was no wait and our table was set up perfectly.  The servers were tentative.   Food:  I still ordered the Lobster Rolls even after some of the negative reviews on Yelp that they changed there bread from a nice toasted brioche to a soggy sweet hawaiian dinner roll.  I expressed my concern regarding the bread and he assured me that they switched back to their original recipe and bread.  Wrong!  It was the same sweet hawaiian dinner roll.  Not worth it for $24!  It definitely does not compare to the delicious Lobster Rolls from Boston.        The appetizers were good.  Go for the Shepard's pie.  You can't go wrong with this hearty and satisfying dish.  Overall, good for groups, great beer selection.  Food...just so so.  I give this place 3 stars.
The Chefs eating food from the pass area was unappetizing. All three of them were snacking the entire time we were there. (for non industry folks, the pass is the table top where the food for the dinning room comes from). But I am sure I am the only one who noticed in my party and it did not stop everyone from chowing down. I got the pastrami slider dish with perfectly crisp fries, my dad the fish and chips and my uncle the cobb salad. In a previous visit my husband and I ordered several appetizers and (quite a few) a beer or two. They have a great beer selection and the flight option is a good idea if your a beer novice. Just tighten up the snacking off the plates and you'll get that 4th star from me.
When I worked at City Center, I had far too many energy drinks before my shift. And on an empty stomach, this got me shaky, anxious, and I was absolutely ravenous and I had a strong desire for some delicious food! I've always wanted to try something at P.U.B. and a client recommended the Lobster Rolls.  At $24, its the priciest thing on the menu. But as a lover of lobster and everything luxurious, I had to order these. I got them to-go so I didn't get the P.U.B. experience. But the service I received was good. The bartender quickly retrieved my order and had me on my way so I could go back to work to enjoy my meal.  Nothing about this dish was healthy. The rich, buttery, flavorful goodness was everything I expected. It was served with a fresh slaw which cut the fattiness of the rolls and fresh kettle chips which were crunchy and absolutely addicting.  I would definitely come back! Next time I'll be dining in and getting an ice cold beer to go with it. (not during work hours of course!) ;)
Three words.  Black truffle mayo!!  Omg!  Love love love!  The prime rib sandwich was amazing!!!!!!  Biggest serving of sliced prime rib, your choice of bread, and two sauces!  Definitely get the black truffle mayo!!  The fondue was good too!  A friend of mine also highly recommends the horseradish!!  I'm usually not big on sandwiches at dinnertime, but I definitely would order that again!!  For appetizers, we did the oast duck buns!!!  Awesome!!  And this chick is not a beer drinker but I had to do the fruit and chocolate beer sampler!  Yup.... Beer that tasted like fruit and chocolate!  Uh, the chocolate, not so good.  But the raspberry and peach beer.... Tasted like juice!!! Fun atmosphere, good food, good service!!
round two and todd english's PUB is still churning out great food!  Ordered the fish & chips, and the clams again.   The clams are still phenomenal! Juicy, flavorful, tender, and HUGE. I wasn't even hungry but I kept dunking the bread back into the sweet ambrosia of a sauce.   Fish & Chips looked scary at first because I've had too many horrible ones that looked like the ones you get from PUB but boyyy was this delish!! Tender flakey fish and a crunchy crust. The chips were SO-SO, but the slaw that came on the side made up for that. Usually i don't like slaw but this one had peas, and green beans in it with a light and tangy flavor.  Next round will be the raw bar!
I hold the Duke status for this place, but am fully willing to relinquish it. Like many restaurants that start out so good and degrade into mediocrity, TE PUB has followed miserably. My primary complaint about the place is the attitude of the wait staff and hostesses. The snooty arrogance of this place does not turn me on. There are a couple of friendly bartenders but most of the wait staff seems annoyed at best. One hostess in particular might be the worst in town.   Last time we went my friend ordered fries that tasted like they hadn't changed the oil in the fryer in a week.   Too bad, I used to like this place it was my go to joint when clients were in town.
came here for dinner on night two of a bachlorette party.  made reservations and seated right by the door which i was a little perturbed by.  but friends head up, the portion sizes are ginormous here.  i can eat and i barely ate half my shepard's pie.  i should have shared with my pal who had eaten about the same on her pie.  felt really bad since i couldn't exactly get a doggie bag.    oh yes, the dirty fries are a must for a group.  greasy potato chips and some chicken liver.  what's not to love?  $2 oysters!
First of all, could you make this place more difficult to get to from the strip?  Typical English Pub beer selection that you would find in any US English pub.  Waitress informed us that they offer the only cask beer in all of Nevada.  The free popcorn was a nice touch but my friend said they were stale.  I thought they were just fine.  Excited to see that they offered a buffalo burger but was disappointed when all I tasted was the blue cheese slathered on it.  A previous reviewer on here made the same comment about the cheese I noticed.  I will probably go back if I feel the need to trek 18 plus minutes off of the strip to get there.
My husband and I went to PUB for lunch in Vegas during our last visit. I'd been dying to try this place since it opened and it did not disappoint.  We love Strongbow (sucker for this sweet English summer nectar) and its unusual to find it on draft in the US but PUB had it. We started with Duck Rolls which were gorgeous, light fluffy and so tasty, I could have eaten 50. My hubby had the lobster rolls which were delightful and I had fish and chips which were the best fish and chips I've ever tasted (and I'm English).   Our server tempted us into a bread pudding desert which was just heavenly. Speaking of our server *(Alex) he was awesome, attentive and looked after us the entire time. No complaints here on the service.  Lunch was typical Vegas prices but for the experience, it was well worth it!
Amazing my husband and I frequent it every time in Vegas!!!! The sandwich board is the best we get a lb. of whatever meat we want and share it..
Nice food (had the brisket yesterday...duck today), cool atmosphere. When staying at the Aria, this is a casual no-brainer.
Best las vegas - hangover - brunch/lunch place. Everything looked and tasted like heaven. The super deep fried dirty chips, lobster rolls, fries, sandwiches, burgers, and pastrami sliders cured every ounce of pain I was feeling.
Great food and large drink list!  The portions are quite large and one entree could easily be split for two people.  I recommend the mussels with bread and my friend said her bloody mary was one of the best she's ever had!
Where else can you find a $32 pitcher of PBR!  served by a pretentious bartender?   The prices are ridiculous and the service isn't too good either.  Even happy hr isn't worth it.  Didn't even get to the food whats the point.
An expansive beer list but thats about all it has going for it. The food reads better than it tastes. The 'dirty' chips were a must order based on the ingredients, but  it was so huge it got tiring eating it. Was good though. The foot long kobe dog was all bread and it being kobe made no discernable difference in taste. Service seemed peppy at first but quickly deteriorated..maybe we smelled or something.
Food is expensive and tastes like @$$. I seriously had better food from swansons microwaveable dinners. Plus the beer is very expensive and you get barely any. Way better places out there.
Stopping at PUB for lunch while on vacation wasn't a planned move for us but will definitely be a scheduled stop next time my boyfriend and I are in town.  We weren't famished when we showed up and really just wanted a little lunch to hold us over.  I ordered the fish and chips and couldn't have asked for anything better.  The fish was HUGE, really, and fried perfectly!  It was served with a highly complimenting malt vinegar aioli and "English style chips."  My boyfriend ordered the hot dog and he couldn't stop talking about it!  I'm not a big hot dog kinda gal but I did try it... twice! Our biggest problem at PUB was trying to decide what we wanted to order.  They have such a great selection we really can't wait to go back!
Bad service, so so food. The waitress was covered in tattoos and piercings, which always make me lose my appetite. I ordered soup to start, which was delivered without a spoon. It took me five minutes to flag down a service person, who was surly, not apologetic, as he dropped a teaspoon onto the table and vanished. What happened to soup spoons? The chicken dumplings were good, as was the lobster cocktail. The overhead music was too loud.
I've been back twice. I have accepted that the service is slow, but the food keeps getting better. And I haven't seen a single chef eat from the pass. I am addicted to the Hot Wings! But order the dressing on the side, it's too hard to dip when spread out on a hot plate.
No tomato juice. I am already pissed. Waiter seems to be a bit snobby. My cold cold martini was cool at best. 2 stars so far...glass was not even chilled.ugh, waiter way too dismissive for me. raw bar pricey but excellent. Onion rings nice spice but not hot in temperature...... They took my fork away! Had to eat delicious pot sticker with a knife. Butter with pretzels sucked. Had to ask for mustard. Now we're talking! Drank my son in laws very good franziskaner from munich. Roast beef sliders and creamed spinach excellent. Chicken Parma sliders missing spice. Skinny fries they're good.not excited over the fish and chips! Taste terrible can't eat it. Looked like the blob on a plate. I love fish and chips. I figured they would be safe... I was wrong. Left it on the plate. Beef sliders were better than average but the fries influenced them. Wife's wine was good . Boddington white ale was as wonderful as always- says daughter #1. wife said we should have gone for Asian food. Seems like bill was forced on us. We called ahead and when they asked we said it WAS a special occasion. Why ask? They did absolutely nothing. Out of 4 eaters the average raring was 2.8. Bill was $180 tipped....$30. We Wont likely be back, sorry Todd...
The Chicken Pot Pie is best thing on the menu! Every time we visit Vegas we always have to make a pit stop here for the pot pie. The service is pretty good here as well too.
I stopped in here for happy hour and was pleasantly surprised.  It's a large, casual space with really friendly staff.  I sat at the bar and ordered chicken wings and sliders.  Both were very good.  I also liked the free peanuts and the fact that you can throw the shells on the floor!  They had about 30 beers on tap.  The great selection of interesting craft beers was impressive.  I'd definitely come back for happy hour or a regular meal if I'm in the mood for an upscale casual dining experience.
very vast selection of beer. A++ all their food portions are huge. their pot roast pot pie was to die for!!! all of my friends got their sliders which were superb too. only thing to complain about is the attention of the service which was very inattentive.  it's right next to Aria though, so you can go play some slots while your waiting for the food.
Alrighty- let's be real, it's a gastropub. You go here because you want something to sop up the alcohol floating or about to be ridden in your system. If you're wanting haute cuisine, it shouldn't be your destination point. But then again- if you're in Vegas and you're wanting haute cuisine and then decide to go to a place with the word "PUB" in it, then you're totally off the radar and need a tour guide or something. But I digress....  P.U.B is one of my total mainstays when I'm in Vegas. Now granted, I have somewhat of a blurred point of view regarding Vegas seeing as how  my family lives there and I'm there practically there half of my year, but I have to say- I rarely have found a place in Vegas where I crave a specific thing over and over again. And it has got to be the Dirty Chips at PUB. Think about how mind-blowingly amazing it must have been for Todd English to put THAT together. (b/w you and me, it HAD to have been after a night of him being stoned off his mind or something). House made kettle chips, blue cheese, cheese sauce, pancetta, green onions, and fried chicken livers- yes, you heard me correctly- fried chicken livers! It is like a stoner's fantasy. But even if you're not a chicken liver fan- the chips are to die for. I mean- I would actually kill for them right now! Really. No...really!   Other than that, everything else I've had there has been delicious. The Pot Pie. The Shepherd's Pie. The Onion Rings. Now I didn't have that all in one sitting....what am I? A heifer? But the true nature of the PUB is the chill atmosphere and to top it off, and amazing selection of beers. I highly recommend sitting at the bar to eat and you can get some one-on-one edumacation about some of the beers and sometimes they serve limited quantity, hand-crafted beers, and you can sometimes ask to taste some. To top it off, they actually have a great wine selection too. For those non-beer drinkers who don't feel like being gassy. Cause in Vegas....sometimes gassy is NOT classy.
Oh yeah.   Worth the wait.   Abso-crunchy-lisciously roll your eyeballs backwards three Xs scrumptious.  That almost describes TE's mini corn dogs. I love them "Maui French fry-style" (mix the ketchup with the mustard.) Boyfriend tosses em back with full strength Dijon. Since I missed out on my Michael Mina lobster corn dog this trip, I was aching for these mini morsels.  Todd English PUB is a great mix of fun, food and nice service. It's a great rest stop from fancy dining. The pub smokes their meats and Boyfriend enjoys the French dip sammie. This time around my daughter-in-law and I shared their grilled bologna sandwich. Yes AFTER the corn dogs. Yum!   TE also mixes in fun. Sit at the bar and under lit 7-second egg timers challenge you to their beer chug contest. Down a pint before the last grain of sand hits bottom and you win a second pint free! They also have a beer pong ball machine - think gum ball machine filled with logo'ed pingpong balls - for more fun and games. They might not encourage responsible drinking but hey! This is Vegas baby!  This is a solid four star for food and fun!
Came here with a big group of 16 people and 2 kids. Service was pretty good for a large party...and maybe because we also had a high roller at our table. lol.   Anyway, food was okay. Nothing too special. I got the ribeye, which was really plain, but presentation was nice. The best thing on that dish was the potato wedges smashed together covered in spinach. My bf got the chicken, which again was really plain/tasteless alone. My dad got the prime roast and again it was flavorless. If you use the sauce it was really salty, there was no perfect balance. My friend got the salmon, which was cooked right, the only thing cooked right and not plain. The skin was nice and crunchy too. I don't think every one really loved their food. It was okay.  I think I'd prefer a buffet... variety!   But this place is good for their selection of beers and drinks! Big place, was able to accommodate us last minute.
We ate lunch here on our last day since it was in our hotel.  The $2 oysters were a great deal & really good. We split a roasted turkey sandwich from the "carvery" section. It was hands-down one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. The turkey was absolutely delicious.   I'd give this place more stars if it weren't for the service. We sat outside & had 4 different waiters during our 40 minute lunch. It was a little bizarre. We also ordered sweet potato fries that were unfortunately forgotten about.   Prices were very reasonable & I'd probably come back if I stayed in the area again.
I was in charge of picking a place for dinner for our group of 8 for a recent trip to Vegas and trying to be budget and fun concious for everyone, I decided on this place.  I was a bit disconcerted by the either really high or really low reviews on yelp, so I had no idea what to expect coming in.  Starting out though, the decor was interesting with a mix of high celining and tile floor brasserie and modern english pub styles.  When we arrived we were promptily seated despite not having everyone in our group there.  We ordered a few drinks to keep us occupied as we perused the interesting menu.  Unfortunately our waiter wasn't quite as attentive as I would've liked, but I may blame that on some of our group showing up late and maybe he was thinking we'd wait for them. Over the night, we did also wait a little longer than usual for drink orders. I had a nice little find in Newcastle's Werewolf though.  Foodwise, I was severely disappointed no one at our table wanted the dirty chips. I knew I stood no chance against them alone, so I directed my efforts elsewhere. Oh well... the wife decided to get the ahi poke on wonton chips, which the tuna was nice and fresh but it lacked in seasoning and the wontons were kind of greasy and stale.  I also had a taste of someone's pretzel and wit whiz (I would imagine that means it is supposed to have some witbeer in it). The pretzel had a nice chew, but the whiz was pretty bland.    Fortunately I ordered the pastrami along with the truffle mayo and blue cheese fondue.  The pastrami alone would've given this place at least a 4.  It is super juicy and tender, not too salty, and just a hint of smoke and spice.  The truffle mayo isn't mind blowingly good, but its pretty tasty.  The blue cheese fondue was easily forgotten in favor of the mayo.  The two slices of thick cut rye were just about right for making 2 open face sandwiches with just enough extra pastrami to nibble on its own.  Despite the make it yourself method, at $16 this is a pretty good deal considering the quantity and quality.  The wife had the BLT sliders, but with my full plate I unfortunately didn't have the desire to try them.  After we finished up eating we met up with an even larger group of our friends and the beer chugging, shots, and beer pong commenced.  Overall, a pretty good place to start out a night with some tasty, filling food and some drinks that still leaves you some money for the craps table.
This is a great modern iteration of the classic pub... Todd English has brought gourmet to pub and the result is a fun and tasty experience.  The beer selections are fantastic!  Lots of interesting options, now including Napa Smith Organic IPA.    Food:  Must try the pretzels with cheese, the pot sticker apptzer.  Also sliders and of course fish n chips.  We had table of 5 and ordered a bunch of stuff to share.  Go into this thinking "pub food with flair".  Will definitely be back.
We came here because I heard they served a mean lobster roll... Let's put it this way. I'd never order the lobster roll again. It was more like a roll with a bit of lobster. You are served 3 of them on a thick Hawaiian type roll.  The duck buns to start were great, as was the complimentary popcorn that lasted about 2 seconds.   The atmosphere is open and large but overall I'd didn't love this restaurant and highly preferred Todd English Olives at Bellagio for lunch.
Low key vibe, more carnivorous options than a butcher shop, plenty of TVs showing every sporting event in the world, and affordable prices - this is Todd English P.U.B.   While in Vegas I had done my fair share of spending way too much on cuisine...hey, it's not difficult to do. So, imagine my delight when hubs and I checked out this spot and left full, happy and not broke. Bonus!  Service was efficient, smiley and helpful. Our server led us through the menu and provided solid suggestions. I went with the 8 oz. size of corned beef - which offered a hefty amount of meat on the tasty challah bread I chose. Ad for my accompaniments, the black truffle mayo, horseradish and pickled veggies went very well with my stack 'o beef. Fries were decent overall but frankly, you are probably coming here for the myriad of meat options. The corned beef is certainly on point.   Todd English P.U.B. is especially refreshing as it's not overpriced or overdone. When I find myself back in Vegas, I'll certainly come back for another sandwich and brew!
I gave PUB 4 stars because the food was upscale casual without being fussy, our server was super friendly and fun, and the beer list is outstanding - including a nice fruity pear bear that I love.  Also had Firestone, which is where our friend works.  I had the chicken pot pie, despite my lactose intolerance.  It was super delicious - my husband ended up eating half of it - big portions, succulently roasted chicken, vegetables, a nice veloute, and puff pasty.  He had a burger and proclaimed it to be tasty.  We had the onion ring appetizer, which was really good.  The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming, we watched Game 2 of the World Series, so it's sports-lover-friendly.    The value of the food was good.  Vegas strip food is overpriced, but at least here you feel like you got a good meal from it.  Laid back, casual, and fun.  Highly recommend!
HEFTY  Like eating a mimosa brunch buffet wasn't enough. Girlfriends and I opted for something low-key and near the City Center in LV. We hauled out 4-5 boxes full of left over food outta Todd's.   Todd English P.U.B is unique for a gastropub being divided up into three categories: The Carvery (meats), The Grill (house specialties), and the Raw Bar (all seafood).  Do get:  - Dirty Chips - A mountain of potato chip nachos, drenched in melted bleu cheese, bacon, and little balls of fried chicken liver.  Tasty, but OH MY GAW.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dn_ipqbm7_jUz5X3rDez_A?select=MVU5PL5K_-K0Da1uDjUJnw - Raw Oysters - $2 each. Simple, delicious, no complaints here - Lobster Roll - Another delicious dish - luscious pieces of mayo-ed lobster piled on 3 mini hawaiian bread-type rolls   Do not get: (Sadly, my dish of) the 1/2 serving of the lamb: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dn_ipqbm7_jUz5X3rDez_A?select=hZ9a-iO3R_ssTZHELPDO0w Although still noticeably huge, it was chewy and pretty bland. I had a choice of choosing the black truffle mayo [there wasn't enough (synthetic) truffle oil, I tasted no truffle] and apple butter sauce.   Also, DO NOT take those dirty chips home. Ever bit into a soggy bleu cheese chip? Not the smartest to decision to take this to-go, but if an after-club inebriated snack still tastes bad -- it's really freakin' bad. We all synchronized the nasty-what-the-eff-did-i-eat face.  Don't be greedy and share your food here.
Todd English P.U.B. was just what I needed to have an escape from the escape of Vegas.  Sometimes, the glitz and the glamor is fun and all, but geez, sometimes a girl just needs a good beer.  Thankfully this place is here because as a craft beer lover, I have a refuge from all the cosmos and sparkling champagne.  I was quite content in my jeans and t-shirt, just being me.  The food is very good.  Not over the top, but casual food.  I had the lamb sandwich from the carvery.  It was very tender and the apple chutney and blue cheese fondue made excellent sauce choices.  There was a variety of bread to choose from and challah seemed like the best choice.  The sweet potato fries were very crisp and hot too!  Oh, on a whim I had an oyster shooter.  A oyster with cocktail sauce swimming in vodka and a splash of beer sounded like a perfect idea.  This place really shines on beer though.  Although it is not the ultimate craft beer bar in the world, it is different from all the other bars in Vegas.  You can get flights and I was impressed they had cask beer.
Lobster roll is yumz but overpriced!! I redeemed with 7 second beer challenge 2X!! Casual laid back atmosphere is a nice break!!
Two words: cast beer.  Beer that is conditioned in casks is naturally carbonated, and often has a thicker mouthfeel and flavor.  I had the casked Black Butte Porter, and it was amazing!  Served at room temperature, and not very carbonated, you could taste all of the fine flavors in this well crafted porter.  It was a bad choice for my Tomato and Onion salad with blue cheese dressing, but it was worth it!  The beer choices are some of the best on The Strip, and they are the only establishment serving casked beer.  I probably would have settled with a 3 star review, but that fact is pretty impressive.   The food was pretty good.  I only had that Tomato and onion salad, which is just that.. two thick slices of yummy tomato and two slices of onion.  It is more of an appetizer than a real salad.  I probably wouldn't order that weird thing again, but all of my friends enjoyed their dishes.  Most of it was upscale burger and sandwich type things.  Ah, and they serve popcorn as a complimentary appetizer. :)  The biggest downside to Todd English is the pricing.  It's steep, let's face it.  It's also on The Strip, where overpricing is the norm, so Todd's gets a pass.  The fact of the matter is for me that this is an establishment aimed at the craft beer drinker, and that alone has won my heart!  Cheers, Todd English!
Wife and I wanted something we could take back to our room for dinner. Decided on TE Pub since it was at the base of Aria and we were feeling something simple, I ordered the chicken parm sliders and skinny fries, she got the chicken tacos and rice.  I received 3 sliders and a very small salad, wish it was a bit larger portion as the sliders lacked any greens on them, still tasty though. Their fries were also very good, light crisp on the outside. Wife enjoyed her tacos and the rice that came on the side was a very generous portion.   The bill ran us about $40 with no drinks, so a bit on the high side, but the quality and portioning were quite good.
Went here to have some lunch and finish watching football last Sunday. Service was poor... waited 10 minutes after being seated. My wife  left and came back with the manager. Our server cut them off and said " I'm ready to take your order"... Should have left then. Food is OK, service is ... ridiculous
I live locally so I have been here often and would be dining here if the food was better...much better.  I give 2 stars because every time I come here the bartenders are always cool.  Although, I have never seen the same bartender twice.  The last time I was there (2 nights ago) our bartender was Chrystal and she was very friendly and well imformed.  She was on it when it came to working and serving guests so I would give her 5 stars but unfortunatly she works at Todd English's PUB.   I went here because I was craving fish and chips and even though I knew the food was not so good I figured they had to get fish and chips right because it's an english PUB.  I was wrong.  It was so terrible and since Chrystal was a very good bartender, I shut my mouth sucked it up (later yack it up) and ate what edible parts I could of my flavorless fish and cold over cooked hard chips, that cost $20!  There was a couple next to us at the bar that ordered the DIRTY NACHOS (which looked disgusting) and after a bite or two they returned them.   So all in all go here for the great bartenders and the endless peanuts and even a free beer if you can down it in 7 seconds. JUST EAT BEFORE YOU COME HERE OR AFTER.  The food is just bad :(
I really can't say enough good things about this place.  It's not that expensive - this is Vegas after all - and the food is excellent, service prompt and efficient and ambience comfortable.  Highly recommend the onion rings  And the homemade donuts for dessert.  Convenient location in the middle of the Vegas strip.  Will definitely return
Had a $50 GC from our hotel reservation website that was good for redemption at any store or restaurant at the Crystals center. Sooo we walked through debated between Mastro's, Beso, and Todd English. Glad we chose this place because it's probably the most laid back of all the choices. With Louis Vuoitton, Prada & Gucci stores within walking distance, this place was eerily normal. Wait staff friendly, set up table for six with no wait, dining room was pretty full. We ordered appetizers: onion rings (plate of like six HUGE seriously the size of a grown mans hand) and pot stickers. Both were reeeeally good. Two of us had the ribeye, they liked it. The rest of us had burgers- the Pub Burger is excellent, Fatty fries awesome. The chicken blt looked really good, but he didn't like the skinny fries they're infused with some sort of blue cheese seasoning. And the other person didn't care for her buffalo burger because it was drowning in blue cheese. Overall, really good!
I go to Vegas 2-3 times a year and have enjoyed many of Todd English's restaurant's all over the country.  This was my first visit to PUB and all I can say is WOW.  I didn't know what to expect from this place but it became clear to me how perfect this restaurant was in every way.  The location is great, easy to get to from Aria, the Crystals, the Cosmopolitan and the Strip.  The atmosphere is casual and it is perfect for Vegas.  It envelopes you, takes over you, and is easy to get into the relaxed, casual, PUB atmosphere that so many other restaurants try so hard to replicate but none get as good as English.  But don't be fooled, because I haven't mentioned the food yet, and the food is the STAR of the show!  I had an order of dumplings that were better than Wing Lei at the Wynn.  The burgers are delicious and the entrees as good as any of the more "formal" restaurants around town, including English's own Olives at the Bellagio.  So even if you are not a drinker, this place is for you.  But if you do drink, the beer list is incredible.  This restaurant fires on all cylinders and is now permanently on my must go list for any Vegas trip.  It is equally appropriate for guys night out, a couple's date, a family dinner & solo dining.  No other restaurant can do all that.
Hate the food but love the beer. Hence the 3 stars. This has the midwest bar-type feel in the very modern city center. Hidden in a corner of crystals and actually connected to Aria, this place can actually be missed pretty easily if you're not paying attention. The food is okay, for the price ..definitely not good but like I said, just come for the beer and the venue.
This place has my personal all time favorite beer on tap...Pyramid's Apricot Ale....which you cannot even buy in the bottle where I live.  I was so lost in my beer that nothing else mattered.   I remember ordering the pastrami sliders, skinny fries and a side of blue cheese fondue to dip my fries in.  The food was decent but I didn't care as long as I had my dear friend apricot ale to hold and sip.  I was so sad when it was gone I ordered another one.   The place seemed a little over priced but after all this is Vegas.
We went back for happy hour the day after our first visit.  Pints were half price and cheap(er) beer always make me happy.  We ordered the Oysters Rockefeller and they were amazing!  I could have eaten the spinach topping with a spoon! I really enjoy the atmosphere of this place.  It was comfortable, sports were on tv and the service was quick and friendly.
Well, that was disappointing. The 4 of us are looking for a spot for dinner in Vegas. We've been wanting to try Todd English for over a year so we decide to meet up there.  I walk in and stand for at least 5 minutes without a hostess being at the front. Eventually both hostess come back together and I am not joking both ignore me as I am standing 2 feet away, with a line behind me. Thankfully the (executive?) chef comes by and all of the sudden the hostess see I'm standing. We are then seated.   Upon examining the beer list on the menu/chalkboards we still have a few questions so when our waitress comes by we ask her about the "trappists" beers they carry. The menu just says Rochefort, and I ask her which of the Rochefort's she carries but she has no idea. After checking she comes back and tells us it's the Rochefort "8" (which by the way is the worst of the three that the brewery makes, why would you carry that one). So we decide on Dechutes The Abyss instead. For some reason she only rudely asks for my ID, even though my friends and I are all the same age, watch out ABC. 5 Minutes later she comes back and informs us that they are all out of the Abyss...of course...  Since the rest of their beer list is very boring and unoriginal I'm forced to order an Arrogant Bastard. My friends order their beers and she runs away as I am trying to order Appetizers. I flag her down and order some sliders and pretzels. Our beers come out and I immediately know that beer I ordered is wrong. Its much much darker than it is supposed to be and tastes nothing like the Arrogant Bastard. I try to find my waitress but to no avail. So i set my beer on the edge of the table, fully untouched, but she ignores it. A food runner drops off our "toasted"pretzels and they are stone cold. Worse than any pretzel I have ever had in my life. I place our untouched pretzels with the beer at the edge of the table praying to God someone will take them away from us. But of course they never do, and I am forced to sit staring at them.  The sliders and fries were actually pretty good, but they use Heinz ketchup, which is a big no-no for any gastropub.   As we sit hungry and thirsty we decide that our dinner will have to take place somewhere else. Its easily an hour since we walked into the Pub and our waitress hasn't taken our entree order.  She then comes by and asks us how everything is, when there is 3 untouched beers and the pretzels at the end of the table. We simply ask for the check and she leaves without saying a word. She then brings the bill and drops it off without a word. With our dishes still waiting to be taken away. We pay the bill and leave.  I will never return to this place even though I love the concept and am in Vegas all the time. This is an extremely poor rendition of a gastropub. Hire some employees that actually care about what they are doing. Don't brag about "you don't carry bad beers like bud" when you actually DO carry terrible beers that are just as widely distributed as bud. I would not describe them as a craft beer bar.
Based only on beers, this is the only place in nv that serves cask beer.  What a treat!  They have a very large selection of craft beers as well as trappist beers. Definately a beer afficionado's heaven. Todd English u continue to impress.  Plus you get complementary popcorn.
great spot to stop by for dollar beers on the 12 bars of christmas !!  1dollar blue moons !!  enough said.    Didnt really check out the food here ..just beers lol.  Great service.  I also did the beer challenge here. which is finish a pint in under 7 seconds and the beer is on them. Rules are you cant spill or throw up. i did mine in 5 seconds flat....good to still know i still got it.
I liked this place a lot... Lobster roll is fantastic... Best milkshake ever
This place scored damn near a 5 with me but 5's are very rare in my opinion so I give this place a 4. Luckily I don't judge a book by it's cover because when we entered the hostesses seemed to have better things to do than there job and didn't even great us, they just looked at us, really??? We may have been a little overdressed because it was Sunday football and I was wearing a suit and my wife a dress but what the hell. Anyway enough of that the rest of our experience was great. The beer selection is one of the best of seen, not because the amount of beer that they have which is impressive, but the quality of beer. All I have to say is Black Butte...this was already one of my favorite beers and the one that started me onto the path of beer greatness 10 years ago but to have it straight from the cask is a glorious experience. The food was high quality pub food with a twist. I had the prime beef and I have to say that this is a must if you eat meat. I am usually not very impressed with prime rib or anything like that but the flavor of this meat was better than any i'd had before. Be aware that while this place is called a PUB, the prices are closer to that of a nice restaurant but IMO well worth it. If and when I go back to vegas this will definitely be on my list of musts.
yummy shepherd's pie!
Food was average. Place was so noisy you couldn't hear your table without a megaphone. Not sure how to describe the ambiance, except to say it is someone's Las Vegas attempt to be urban something. Really, I expected more and got less.
Come here for BEER ONLY they had pints for $1. As far as for the food it seems Todd English got his inspiration from a Friday's franchise and then overprices it just to make it look pretty on a plate .
Really, $9 for a pint of PBR and $6 for a bottle of Miller lite! That right there should be warning on how overpriced the beers are at this joint. I get that it's located in the luxurious Aria hotel but charging almost triple the price on cheap american beer is insane. Hell I cant get a Belgium Delerium Tremens for $8 at most places, why is it $16 here. It's almost cheaper to play $20 at a 25 Video Poker machine and get two comp beers.
I come to this place everytime i am on the Strip.  They have a deal where if you can drink a pint in 7 seconds then you get it for free.  Best Deal on the strip...if you can do it of course.  Good food, and a good place.
The PUB is one of these places that's really fancy, yet decorated up to be pretend-divey. They pull it off nicely, and you actually feel pretty cool for hanging out in this place. I went on a Monday evening and it was pretty crowded, so I'm sure it's jammed on weekends.  The beer is the main attraction here - excellent selection all day, every day, but you really want to be here late night Tuesdays for 5 cent PBRs or any day for happy hour (4-6), when all drafts, wines, and well drinks are 50% off. Yes, that's right, 50% off! That's a good happy hour at any place, but especially at one located within Crystals, or, as I like to call it, the Rodeo Drive of Las Vegas.  Aside from that, they go for upscale pub fare - fish & chips, sandwiches, pot pies, etc. Their specialty is the 'carvery,' where you order a meat (1/2 or full pound), a bread, and some sauces to make your own rustic-style sandwich. Among my group we had the grilled bologna sandwich, the fish & chips, and the corned beef. All were excellent, although highly priced ($20 for fish & chips).  Service was good, and they found us a table in the corner so we could have a little bit more room for the Baby.  Overall, this is definitely a place to bring visitors, but I wouldn't come back on my own unless it were happy hour.
For the beer selection and the waiter's ability to help us navigate it,  alone,  I give the restaurant four stars!  Well done.  I opted for fish & chips and was delighted.  Not overdone, great temperature, light flaky flavorful fish inside ...crispy deliciously seasoned chips...nice  good ambiance too
This is the best spot in town for a brew. Great selection of draft beer, including several Belgian ales, British ales, US microbrews and seasonal ales.  Good bar food also.
I'm a local and we went here after shopping at city center.  The decor is super cute, food was really good [see pix].  The black truffle mayo was to die for. It deserves a sentence all to itself.  Order 2 of those b/c you are going to have to share it even though you don't want to. I warned you.  Lots of beer on tap, tons of English people eating here, & they have HH from 3-6.  HH is 1/2 price wine, beer, sangria. not bad.  Food specials are a little lacking  in my opinion, $2 oysters (or $24 a dozen) or $1 chicken wings (or $12 a dozen) not that impressive, average rates at best.  I ordered the roasted chicken & would go back to order that again.  Friend of mine got the fish n chips, excellent choice. Came with fat fries and this really unusual but delightfully tasty coleslaw that had green peas in it. My other friend got the swordfish tacos.  Those I didn't like, but he enjoyed them so that's all that matters. They were covered in cheese sauce so that it looked more like a casserole than tacos. There was no way you could eat them w/out a knife and fork & they were too fishy for me.  More importantly, I liked the people at the bar. They were pretty much locals but all of them were really nice. They had a ton of bartenders so our drinks never sat empty & they were eager to strike up a conversation too. And they had the basketball game on, nice BIG tv's *score*!  We liked it so much my girlfriend texted me when she got home about when we are going to go back.
This is a very casual restaurant.  I like their lobster sandwich, onion rings, and duck bum.  The salad was just okay.
When you walk for a little over two hours in the maze of the Strip casinos like a modern Daedalus AFTER running a half-marathon and almost being trampled by an angry crowd - you are HUNGRY. And thirsty. For beer, in my case.  We had set our views on Todd English PUB before race, thinking that it was far enough from Mandalay Bay to be spared by runners. And since we had parked our car in the Aria - we just had to eat ourselves silly, roll out of the restaurant and into the car, set autopilot to the hotel and go to bed. Easy enough.  But the place was totally hopping when we arrived, and we were told that it would be a 45-minute wait. Bummer. Fear not, dear friends. We managed to grab seats at the bar, sit down (felt like heaven) and went to business.  The place is nice and definitely "urban pub"-like. And the menu was quite appetizing (but what wouldn't be after such an ordeal?); I ordered just before the last call a glorious shepherd's pie that was probably the best I have had in my life. Big chunks of beef AND lamb in a luscious ragu sauce, fluffy potatoes, generous layer of melted cheese - the ultimate comfort meal. But it was $18. OK. I get it. You are paying for the name, and the craft. But when you go on the beer menu and see that a pint of PBR is priced $9 - you have to wonder. Who are they kidding here? Fine, we are in Vegas. On the Strip. But PBR is PBR. I couldn't get over it. I ended up choosing the only "reasonable" choice on this insanely extravagant drink menu - a combo PBR tall boy and a shot of Jameson for $14.  Slots machines are definitely not the only money traps out there.
***Todd English PUB offers many entrees that are not that expensive when compared to other celebrity chef backed Vegas restaurants, but the food was mediocre; I will probably seek out Todd English's Olives (The Bellagio) instead on my next Vegas trip***  We were in Las Vegas and were looking for a decent but still reasonably priced dinner spot so we decided to head to Todd English PUB.  I was impressed with Todd English's food at the LA Food & Wine Festival and had high hopes for this one (even though I knew that Todd English PUB was going to be much more casual and simple fare).  The atmosphere was very raucous.  It very much had a gastropub feel and it was quite loud.  There was also a seating area outside with heat lamps (unfortunately, since Todd English PUB is located in a congested area, you have to deal with several smokers nearby).  The menu consisted of a wide variety of food from several fried appetizers to burgers and sandwiches as well as some English pub grub like fish and chips and bangers and mash.  We started with the ahi tuna on wonton crackers, which was the best dish of the night.  While expensive, the starter was good.  The ahi tuna was nicely mixed with seaweed and gingered sesame vinaigrette.  The tuna mixture sat on light and crispy fried wontons.  The tuna was fresh.  It was also quite spicy.  I also had the bangers and mash.  The mashed potatoes were good.  They were very light for mashed potatoes and had a good flavor.  They kind of reminded me of the mashed potatoes at Nick & Stef's in Downtown LA.  The bangers were quite bland though.  They were moist enough, but they had very little flavor.  They sat on a creamy mustard sauce, which was also bland.  I tried some of my friend's fries, which were just okay (a little soft).  My friend mentioned that the fish and chips were bland.  Service was decent.  The staff was friendly, but it was hard to flag down our waiter at times (which is a common problem when you eat outside and the outside dining area is not that connected to the inside dining area).  Prices were not too bad for Las Vegas.  There were several entrees below $20.  However, for the quality of food, you can find better gastropub food in other cities at similar or lower prices.  Though we liked the ahi tuna on wonton crackers, the entrees were very disappointing and I am not sure if the other entrees would be any better.  I did like the little sampling of Todd English's food at the LA event (and he is a very charming, funny and smart guy), but I think his more upscale Olives in The Bellagio is probably a better representation of his skills in the kitchen.  Todd English PUB is located right next to Aria.  Aria has its own free parking structure and it is easy to find a space (valet parking is also available).
After two recent trips to Las Vegas which included two trips to the PUB I figured it's time I wrote a review.  In a town lacking in quality beer (as far as I could tell in my two short trips) I was happy to stop by and get a nice cask ale.   My first trip had us enjoying a drink at the bar while we waited a few moments for a table.  We sat at the low bar area which is not preferred.  It's really awkward to interact with the bar servers but it worked for what we needed.  For dinner we had the dirty chips, corndogs and spicy chicken wings.  Portions were huge and the food was good.  The second visit I was alone and wanted to sit at the bar.  Ended up at the low bar.  But the beer was tasty and my chicken tacos were wonderful.  Service was very friendly and efficient both times I went.  Prices are high but that's expected due to location.  I'll be back during my next visit I'm sure!
I'm still at 3 stars for this place. Love the decor and atmosphere, but everything continues to be just a-ok.  The beer list, while good, is actually a bit underwhelming. In fact, I think it has shrunk instead of grown. But it is one of the few places around Vegas where I can get a Timmermans.  After them being out of wings the first time I attempted to have them here, I finally did actually have them on my last visit. They were good, but not great. I liked the presentation of them. The breading was eh. The flavor was decent, but not spicy enough. The blue cheese was great.
Great vibe, and great-sounding beer list, but...   As soon as we sat down (nice atmosphere, by the way), the waitress breathlessly told us that they had 38 (38!) beers on tap.  Only... they only had one of seven seasonal beers.  O-kaaaayyyyy...  so I guess that means they have 32 beers  How about...?  Nope.  The next half dozen choices we came up with, they didn't have.  So in actuality they had AT THE MOST 26 beers.  Our problem was that the rest of the beers we could choose from we had already had (or they were IPAs, and that's a beer designed by people who hate beer), and we wanted to try something new.  The waitress was very apologetic, and we finally found one we could live with.   We only ordered an appetizer, the dirty chips.  Tasty, and even if you think you don't like chicken livers, don't worry -- they're fried and don't taste much like liver, and there's only four pieces around the side, so you don't even have to eat them if you don't want to.  At some point someone whom I assume was the manager came over to apologize for the lack of beers (I THINK he said something about changing the beers and menu hadn't changed yet???) -- but he also did something that turned this from a slam review to a "you know, I'd go there again, and tell people to try it out."  He comped the beers we had, and asked if we would like to try something else.  We thanked him and told him there wasn't anything else we wanted to taste.  But he came up with a Belgian that sounded good -- but instead of the little tastes we thought he'd bring over, he came with two full sized glasses (it was a tasty beer, too!), which were also comped.  Things go wrong sometimes, but how you handle it makes all the difference.  This was deft handling!  I say try the place out.  It's a great place for a little bit of food, some good beer, and great vibe.
These was my third trip to Todd English PUB over the last 2 years--and the first with my wife (as opposed to only my guy friends)--arguably it was our best meal of the entire trip.  We had two couples dining--and were seated immediately by pleasant host staff fairly early on a Thursday night--before the place was really busy.  We had water to our table within 2 minutes--and a server who was covering for our server started a drink order for us.   The cocktails were very good!  They have a very refreshing margarita with cucumber--which is made all the better by the fact that it is NOT syrupy sweet.  They have a HUGE beer selection--and suffice it to say we were all feeling no pain after our first round.  The menu is loaded with options--but we went mostly with comfort food including an excellent shepherd's pie and chicken pot pie, as well as very good salads, chicken parmigian sliders, and more drinks!  My wife tried several of the oysters from the raw bar, and said they were excellent.  Our server was well-versed in the menu, wine and beer list, etc--and attentive without being intrusive.  Towards the end of the meal the restaurant was definitely filling up and noticeably louder.  Overall--an very good experience with good service, great bar, and very good food.
The one star is for the lobster rolls, which were quite good. For the rest? I walked away both unhappy and queasy.  Start with the beer: we visited PUB right after it opened and left without ordering because they were out of my first three beer picks. Tonight? Same story. Also could not make the first two mixed drinks my husband requested, but finally managed a vodka tonic.  I ordered roast beef sliders. The roast beef was just ok, but the bread was dry, hard and cold. I also ordered a side of fries, which were served dead cold. Our server did go and get a new, hot order without argument, then brought me a bottle of ketchup (which you have to ask for because only plebes want ketchup?) absolutely crusted with old, hard ketchup.  The last straw was the drunk guy who decided to sit at our table for a chat. After I chased him off, the waiter came over and commented on it. After. Thanks. In a 1/4 full restaurant, I'd love a little more monitoring from staff.  I'm sorry that I didn't take the time to ask for the manager and complain, but I really wanted to be on vacation. If you're also on vacation, choose NobHill (MGM) or Sensei (Bellagio) or even Todd English Olives (Caesars) for MUCH better food, and the same unexciting beer selection that you eventually discover is available at PUB.
Maybe the only place that closes in Vegas, Todd English opens at 11am,  a miss for those in search of morning pub fare as an alternative to the traditional Vegas brunch options.  Raw bar is very good, with the lobster cocktail hitting all the marks: fresh and abundant, served in the shell (full tail and claws!) with a homemade cocktail sauce.  The sliders were average, the frites were frozen (my life's biggest angst...); while my colleague had English fish and chips, while it was cod (yum!) it did not look hand dipped, and again with the frozen "chips'...  I asked for Guinness, and while the server (who was very attentive and friendly) never said anything, I know she was feeding me semi-stout from a local brewery. Why not just say so?  If I ask for Diet Coke, servers typically go out of their way to say "We only have diet Pepsi..."  but I digress.  Impressive facility (hell, its Vegas...) but didn't have the requisite pubby feel to it. And $140 for lunch for two (3 pints each) is a bit rich.  Yeah, yeah, maybe I don't need 3 pints at lunch... save it.  Oh! and they have a hot dog on the menu for $18...wtf?
This follow up review is from approx 2 months ago....haven't been back since and don't plan on going although it's 1 min walk from me.  Had a few friends over for Thurs night football...after we wanted to grab some food so we headed downstairs to Todd English Pub (despite my previous review decided to give it another shot and try the food too).  I live right above this place (at Veer) but avoid it in general.  Shared 3 items, fish and chips, sliders and one other (can't remember so it couldn't have been too memorable).  Fish and Chips were good, but not worth $18.  Everything else was just overpriced bar food.  My friends were amazed at the $10/pint prices, so we decided on a pitcher of Spaten for $35 to try and get more for our $$.  NOT SURE IF IT'S MORE SAD/SHOCKING/HILARIOUS THAT ONE PITCHER = 3 PINTS HERE!!!  SO THEY CHARGE YOU AN EXTRA $5 FOR THE PRIVELEDGE OF POURING YOUR BEER. I'd love for a manager to contact me and explain this to me!  Service was friendly but rushed...what's the point?  The place is never full anyway so why rush your customers?  They tried to take our food away several times before we were done.    Avoid this place.  Hit the Burger Bar at Mandalay or sadly even the Pub at Monte Carlo is better :(
Todd English PUB has rich hearty pub food. I love the decor and the windows that open into Aria. We had the chicken pot pie and fish and chips. Both were great. The potpie had a film crust and very rich filling (heavy cream probably). Our waitress was attentive and helpful.   The only complaint I have is the hostess service. When I arrived I was looking into the restaurant for the rest of my party and they did not offer to help or see if they were there. I ended up waiting outside and then calling my party to find they were already seated. This one of my biggest pet peeves with restaurants. Your first impression when you walk into the restaurants sets the tone for the entire meal. If your hostess service is good, you probably will overlook flubs throughout the meal.
1/2 lb of thinly shaved prime rib goodness, sour dough bread to die for, and au jus done perfectly.  I think I'm in love!  We also sampled the Dirty Chips....very rich and filling, plan on skipping dinner after these.  This was a fun restaurant/pub just outside of the Aria Resort.  It's impossible to pass by and not want to join in the atmosphere.  Lots of great choices on the menu and plenty of beers to choose from.  I especially enjoyed the bar table tops that have the self serve keg draw on it!  That could be trouble.
We had one of the best times at Todd English PUB.  Chef Jamie was attentive and informative. The food was delicious.  The Chicken Parm sliders were exceptional as were the Dirty Chips.  The atmosphere was fun and all the staff friendly, especially our server, Andrew.  Brad-the manager came by a few times to check on us and offered some great suggestions from the menu and the bar.  Will be sure to return.  Highly recommend!
Food is decent but service sucks! Also a bit pricey!
We recently were in Las Vegas and had read multiple reviews of Todd English (even though I had never heard of him) and went to his Pub.  We enjoyed our meal here and our server was really nice, friendly and helpful.  There were obviously tons of beers and I decided on the Delerium Tremen which was really good.  For my meal I ordered the brown butter lobster roll and it was super tasty with the rolls toasted just enough to make them crispy.  It's definitely pub food here and a little expensive but that's to be expected in Vegas.
I won't complain about how expensive the Todd English PUB is, because it is in the Aria hotel and everything is equally overpriced there.  But I will complain about the poor food.  For example, the chicken pot pie had a total of four small pieces of chicken in it -- but that was actually a blessing, because the chicken tasted like boiled cardboard.  The puff pastry on the top was puffy but had no taste of pastry.  That might have been a fluke, you say.  Well, how about the soggy, unflavored, lukewarm fries?  Or the fish and chips where the cook managed to utterly ruin a promising piece of haddock?  Tasteless too.  On the plus side -- the beer selection is impressive and people watching can be fun.  And the popcorn was decent.  I don't expect any improvement in the near future, as the Todd English PUB is crowded most times.  It's amazing what constant hype on hotel TVs and hoards of tourists who don't use Yelp can do.
My husband and I have enjoyed this pub the last two visits to Vegas. The food is good and a tad bit pricey. I had the chicken parm sliders with a side of sweet potato fries and my husband ordered the bologna sandwich. Both were delicious. The selection of beer is impressive, we both had a pint of Killkenny. Mmmmmmm!! The only negative that I would say about the whole experience was the guy at the bar who was very loud and every other word out of his mouth was vulgar. Normally, we would not be bothered but he was standing about a foot away and made it tricky to enjoy great food and great beer. Oh well.....we will return and enjoy the pub again.
Todd English has done it again ...  Great place, amazing menu and atmosphere (where else can you play beer pong with food like this).  Highlights of the menu include: reuben sliders, tuna burger (it is more like tartare put together than ground tuna meat) and the bison burger.  Definately one of, if not the, best places in vegas to put down a few drinks, watch a game and eat some great comforting pub grub.  Proves once again that you can never go wrong with a Todd Enligh restaurant.
Great drinks and great service! My boyfriend and i went in to drink and watch a Fulham (soccer) game, and we were so pleasantly surprised. They bring out small buckets of popcorn to start your meal (like an italian place would serve bread). Considering that it's a beer heavy bar, I thought it was a great idea. I had one of the nicest waitresses I've ever had here. I expressed that I wasn't sure what I would order, if anything, and she pointed out what other people were eating and what she liked too.  I also thought the placemats were such a great touch. They were pieces of paper with funny, booze-related quotes printed all over them.  Here was one that cracked me up: "When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading" -Youngman
Pricey crab cakes and chili. Had to flag someone down to give us a drink.  UMMMM.... isn't this a bar???   Meh.. not impressed.
God I love this place. From the design to the food, Todd English is my personal Lord and Saviour. Only thing wrong at times are the rowdy, tool-ish crowd of dudes in striped and flannel check shirts slamming down beer mugs and talking about how many girls they think/hope/ will probably not/ bed on their "wild weekend" on the Strip.   Skip all the sports stuff on TV if you are not a sports fan..go for the delectable and delicious and certain delirious inducing meats that will send any carnivore into a tizzy. Stopped off here first thing when after I checked into my hotel and it was on like Donkey Kong. Judging by the how good the carvery here is, you will leave very satisfied knowing you have participated in eating another innocent cow.   It's all about the carvery and this night Mr English's menu did not disappoint. WIfe and I shared the full pound of Beef Brisket with a side of fries with the truffle mayo. Friend got the ribeye steak. The beef was so tender and so expertly prepared I barely noticed the tools that night.
Perty classy joint but yet casual, lots of beer on tap and the food was was really good
We had been dying to try out Todd English PUB. When we arrived we had no reservations and it was a Saturday evening. We were seated right away. The hostess told us what her favorite thing on the menu was which is the brown butter lobster rolls. She explained them to us and it sounded so good that I thought I totally wanted to try that! So I ordered the lobster rolls and my husband had the fish and chips. Our waiter answered all of our questions we had about the different types of beers. He was very knowledgeable. The beer is so tasty! SO many to choose from!  When my food arrived the presentation was lovely and I couldn't wait to dive in and eat it! IT was the best lobster roll I've ever had!  I am still dreaming of that delicious lobster roll till this day. Hopefully I can find a place in So Cal that has a lobster roll as good as this one, because if not I will be driving down to get one before the end of this year! :)  We loved Todd English PUB.. A must try if your visiting Las Vegas and love beer and good fish.
When we arrived at the the PUB we were surprised how unpub like it was, It did not attempt to have a faux interior that Vegas is famous for. It was very bright and trendy, which are not things I look for in a pub. The  hostesses were very friendly and outgoing and made us feel welcomed, but that was where it ended. Our waitress Krystal K seemed very sarcastic and did not care if we were there or not.  Enough about her, our food was good, my friend had the bangers and mash and I had the clam chowder but I don't think a very small laddle of clam chowder is worth $8 nor a bologne sandwich worth $16.00. I do understand that it is Vegas and prices are overinflated, but come on...really Mr. English your prices are way out of line. The small bucket of popcorn was an unexpected surprise...Beer pong balls for sale in a vending machine,  nice addition to the atmosphere. I may go back on my next trip, but it is tucked away in a corner and I am not sure if it is worth the walk.
Oh my goodness!  What can I say?  Not enough about the Brown butter lobster rolls.  Three sweet rolls stuff silly with fresh lobster.  It was friggin amazing.  Comes with a very onion based coleslaw that I ended up giving to hubby.  And a small package of homemade chips (a little oily for me).  It's all about the lobster rolls.  GET THE LOBSTER ROLLS!!!  Oh, and hubby had the Chicken parm sliders with fries.  Good stuff, but totally overshadowed by my yummy lobster rolls.  Comment about the hostess at the front. Couldn't be a more unfriendly girl/woman.  Totally didn't greet us - had her hands crossed in front of her chest the whole time.  Never smiled.  Bitter.  Other than her, everything was great.  Nice restaurant.  Greeted by our enthusiastic server with a metal "mini-bucket" of fresh popcorn.  Can't go wrong with popcorn.  Get the lobster rolls!  ;)
We stopped at the P.U.B. (what's with the periods?) before seeing Viva Elvis at the Aria Hotel and Casino. All we wanted was a quick bite to eat - and that's what we got. I had a Cheese Sandwich - which was OK. Nothing to write home about. Others had a bison burger which looked good - but didn't really elicit any response. The beer list is quite extensive - there are even beer cocktails. Naturally the one beer I wanted was out of stock.  Service was kind of hit or miss. We had to wait for a table even though there were plenty of tables unoccupied. Our waiter took his sweet time - so we asked for the check the minute the entrees came out.  Oh and he wouldn't split the check between more than 3 people. Really? In this day and age? That alone is a reason not to go back.  So basically it fit the bill for a quick bite to eat - but that's not enough to recommend this place.
You can hear some pretty interesting conversations in this place, its packed with guys during lunch AND dinner!  I like this place for a couple reasons:  1 - it's SUPER casual and laid back. 2 - I can come here and hang out with my girlfriends/guy friends and just have a drink. 3 - most of the food sounds pretty good (... and some have an interesting twist!).  The duck buns are UHHH-MAZING here!  They were the perfect portion for me.  4 small buns with shredded pieces of duck dipped in hoisin sauce, and scallions on top - nothing else (that's right, no side of fries or anything).  $14 for this is pretty pricey, but this beats a lot of other restaurant/food options in the ARIA/City Center area.  They have a RAW section where you can order what I hear are pretty good oysters too!  .. and of course it's a pub so you'll find other things like beer on tap, burgers/fries, pot pies, beans, etc.  The environment in here is pretty cool.  They have bar tables where you insert your credit card into this machine, and can pour your own beer from tap.  WOW!   They have a couple huge/large dart boards too, but you don't use real darts of course since it's in the bar area - they're magnetic.  I'll def be back to try other salivating items on their menu!
Busy, noisy place. But that is not why it earned two stars. First problem was that two of the three beers we ordered were flat. Something that a well trained, caring waitress should have noticed. Once we pointed it out, she cheerfully apologized and fetched two different beers. The second problem was that the burger that one of us ordered as "medium" showed up not medium rare, or rare even. It was bloody. Some obvious lack of attention in the kitchen. Our still cheerfully apologetic waitress hustled off to replace it.   The dirty chips are an interesting appetizer, but probably not something that many people would make a regular habit. The rest of the food was not bad, but a bit forgettable. It appeared to me that the menu was designed primarily for novelty. This was my second visit. So I guess the novelty has worn off.   I am sure that this place will stay busy and thrive, but with so, so many choices in Vegas, I probably won't return.
Landed in Vegas and had a late lunch here with the manfriend.  We are both fans of Todd English so it was a no brainer, we knew it would be amazing.  I of course ordered a drink - some strawberry mojito thing and then we immediately started off with 12 oysters, 6 east and 6 west.  I'd never eaten oysters before so it was a new experience.  A little slimey but very fresh tasting.  I had the ahi tuna poke and a side of skinny fries.  Perfect.  The ahi tuna poke was delicious.  I LOVE seaweed salad so to mix that with sriracha and a wonton skin was perfect.  The skininy fries were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I couldn't get enough.  He had the pastra-mini and said it was good but I wouldn't know because he didn't save me any.  We always get dessert so we got the cookies and cream...which is essentially pizookie.  The chocolate chip cookie was WARM AND GOOEY and pretty much one of the best cookies I've ever eaten.  We got vanilla ice cream - which wasn't my first choice but it was the perfect compliment.  YUM YUM! Definitely a good choice if you're looking for good, simple food instead of something fancy shmancy.
Based off some other reviews, I think we may have just had an isolated bad experience, but we nonetheless had a bad experience.  First of all, nice beer selection.  Great happy hour specials. For a place claiming to be super knowledgeable about beer, the quality beer was served far too cold.  Not to sound like a beer nerd, but good beer shouldn't be served so freezing that I miss much of the taste and smell.  Our waitress was, well, not nice to put it diplomatically.  She was clearly overworked, but she ignored us repeatedly for unknown reasons.  I gathered she got forced to work later than expected, but well, these things do happen.  The waitress also seemed to suggest I was stupid when I politely declined her suggestion of another beer when she said the beer I wanted was not available (she recommended a beer that was not comparable).  I suppose I might give it another try given the good reviews, but it would be tough given the service and beer situation.
Todd English's Public Urban Bar is located at the City Center Aria Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.  For years I have wanted to go to a Todd English place in Vegas ( he has three of them) and so this vacation my wife, Simone and i did.  The first problem I had was actually finding the entrance. You can see the place from the inside of Aria but the only entrance that i could find was from the outside walkway. At any rate, when we got to the P.U.B, the place was rather large and it was packed full of people. our waitress was able to squeeze us in at a table once again right beside the restrooms (this always happens to me). While I took advantage of being so close to the crapper Simone took a look at the menus. The P.U.B features an open kitchen so you can watch the chefs making the food. This is always a good thing as it helps pass the time while you wait for your meal and also gives you a good indication of the quality of the place. The menu is extensive with a complete carvery menu for those meat lovers that includes turkey, beef, duck, chicken and more. Also a raw bar and many grill choices. Simone and I started with an appetizer called Duck Buns.  These were extra large Hoison shredded Duck filled steamed dumplings. They were topped with scallions and served with Ailoi for dipping. They were pillowey and soft on the outside and the duck overflowing from them was steaming hot and tender. They were a very good start to our meal.  Next up were the entrees. Simones choice was, of course, a salad. The chopped Salad to be exact, and that is what it looked like when it arrived.  A bunch of vegetables and lettuce, chopped with dressing. Simone liked it. I didn't bother to even take a picture, that's how excited it made me, but i suppose its hard to make a bunch of rabbit food all that special. Perhaps stupidly so, I went a bit more adventurous with my meal. I went for the Brown Bag Lunch. Artisan Bologna Sandwich on simple white bread with melted cheese and Mayo and a side of chips.  I have not had Bologna in years and about 8 hours later ,I would remember why, but i digress. The Bologna was sliced thin and grilled until the edges were crispy then served on white bread with melted Swiss.  When it arrived at the table it looked kinda pornographic but I dug in anyway. It was definitely artisan and homemade, not your lunch meat variety Bologna. It was kicking with lots of spice and garlic. Good, but perhaps to spicy for my already pickled stomach after a week long battle with gluttony in the City of Vegas.  Being the trooper that I am, I pushed through and finished the entire sandwich and then of course had to move on to the dessert menu.  We went with the Mona-Resee dessert option, basically it was a tasting plate that included homemade Twinkies, a cupcake, red velvet cake, a cookie and even some cookie dough. Simone and I both enjoyed this and Simone took some with her for the rest of her late night chocolate fixes. But this is not where this review ends...as mentioned earlier,  I feel the need to share with you the aftermath of my meal choice .  The Bologna bit me back  at around midnight. The word Fire comes to mind, Not just your average heartburn situation- this burned EVERYWHERE. And it hung on. Three Zantacs, and a night of getting to know my hotel throne and Todd English and his meat were still with me. It took me almost the next twenty four hours to feel well again and it made for a rather rough last day in Vegas ( sorry to the hotel janitorial staff). I wish I could honestly say that I will not hold it against the P.U.B, but I probably will. I can tell you for a fact my Bologna days are over.  Even doing this review today my stomach turns just a bit at the memory.  Maybe someday I will go back to the P.U.B , but who knows? Sorry Todd, I so wanted to love your new place... but it stayed with me for way to long. Thanks for the memories...Two stars for the PUB. **
i would take a star off for the high prices but it's vegas.  been twice for happy hour... their happy hour is awesome  carved lamb with sourdough, horseradish sour cream and soy maple sauce. skip the soy maple sauce but the lamb and horseradish were perfect together. 18 bucks  oysters are 2 bucks each and very fresh. a bit small but i prefer them small and they are only 2 bucks.   chilled shrimp was best i ever had even at 4.75 each. very big  king crab legs _ 35 bucks for a half pound and worth every penny  lobster rolls - 24 bucks... very rich sauce... not very authentic but retarded good  3 dollar sliders during happy hour are excellent...  bartenders took great care of us. Tom and Rod were really cool...  their happy hour is impressive with half price pints...   take the 7 second chug challenge and u get 2 free beers right there.  disregard any bad reviews... sit at the bar and ask your bartenders whats up!
like other restaurants on the LV strip.. you're gonna pay a bit of premium.. nevertheless.. they pour a proper black and tan.. and their fish and chips are pretty damn good.. it's pricy.. but the food is solid.. they also have plenty of beers which is always a plus
Happy hour is definitely the time to go. Otherwise it's pretty typical expensive beers. As in $8 to $10 for a pint of things like Guinness or Spaten. Of course the place is attached to the Aria and City Center so I expected it to be pricey. The HH special was half price pints, $3 sliders, $2 oysters and $1 wings. I took advantage of the beer and sliders while catching a couple of afternoon March Madness games.  The entrees coming out for other patrons all looked really good as well. Next time I am in Las Vegas I may make it a point to grab lunch here.   I want to go 3.5 stars because I fall between A-OK and I'm a fan. I'm certainly a fan of the happy hour deals but not having much in terms of entrees I cannot solidly give it a lot higher.
I've been to the Todd English PUB several times during business trips to Veags both with coworkers and many times alone. The service has been great on all occasions. When alone I've never been put in a corner or asked to sit at the bar. The staff treats all guest with the same attention and friendliness.   YUM YUM YUM The food is so much better than your average pub food! The organic chicken pot pie was so good with a flaky crust and creamy sauce, and the corn dog puppies is enough food to be a meal.   I will return again and again.
We loved this place! It was packed during NCAA tournament weekend, but we were able to find a spare seat at the bar while we waited for a table. They told us there would be a 20 minute wait and it was probably less than 10. We had a great corner table with a great view of the basketball games. The drink selections were great for both the beer drinker and the non-beer drinker, which is unusual for a pub. i was able to enjoy a lovely sparkling rose while my DH enjoyed some wonderful draught beer.    They also have some really cool tables with taps in the middle that it looks like you can use a credit card and serve yourself. That was awesome! The menu is also great! There were so many great sounding choices. we started with a dozen oysters which were very fresh and very good. i followed it up with the sliders which are served with carmelized onions, blue cheese and 1000 island dressing and fries. They were soooo good. My DH had the lobster rolls, which were also 3 mini lobster rolls and came with homemade potato chips and slaw. He is still talking about those sliders!   We would go back in a heartbeat!
March Madness is truly madness if you're looking for a spot to sit at any Vegas sports book after 8AM. So, Friday morning, we got our bets in and headed to find a comfortable place to get something to eat and watch some games. Walking around, we ended up at Todd English P.U.B., which had everything we wanted; seats at the bar, breakfast options, and TVs showing the games. This was one spot, I was glad we stopped in, I had one of the best bloody mary's, ever, spicy, with the right mix of vodka (Hangar One) and tomato juice and the perfect garnish of pickled carrot and a block of cheddar cheese with some pickled string beans, all with a salt and peppered rim. Delightful. One of those babies and that's all I needed for the afternoon.  Breakfast was good but a little salty for my taste. There were a few brunch options, I got the bacon, egg, cheese sandwich (bacon on the side) and Gramercy Guy had the English breakfast, fried eggs, bacon, toast and beans. These beans were the show stealer. I traded my bacon for the beans and thinking about them now is making my mouth water. There was meat (I was told from the bar tender, it's what's ever left on the cutting board) with the right balance of smoky (probably from the meat) and sweet. Had I known how good the beans were, I would have swapped the fries I barely touched for more beans. And you know what they say about beans being for the heart. So really this was a perfectly balanced meal between the beans and the tomato juice.  The cool thing about Todd English P.U.B. is their drink challenge. Along the bar, there are many hour glasses that flip; they are timed for 7 seconds. The challenge: if you can drink a pint of beer before the time runs out, it's free. I knew I wasn't up for the challenge but watched many people around me do it, some more than once. Matt, the bartender, guessed that about 80% of the people who try actually succeed.  To see pictures and read more go to http://gramercygirl.blogspot.com/2012/03/todd-english-pub.html
Cici, our bartender, was a doll both times my boyfriend and I went to the pub! Charismatic, helpful and easy to relate to, she made for great service!  I can't believe that I am saying this, but I had the best roast beef sliders and chicken wings in my life! The juicy sliders had this amazing cheese wiz sauce that I couldn't get enough of, and the wings were seasoned well, and fried perfectly crispy, even when eaten cold an hour later!  Between our service and the food, we found ourselves plopped at the bar for hours basking in the casual, yet upscale pub eatery around us.
Two for the slowness of the kitchen. A one appetizer and two person meal was a two hour event complete with us needing to talk to the manager. They comped a meal to make up for it, but it was just lunch. Is it that hard to keep it together?  Wings: as expected. I got the chicken sandwich that was served cold and the bread was so buttery I didn't eat it. The skinny fries were excellent. My bf got the iceberg salad that was typical and the sweet potato fries that he really liked. Great beer selection and with diet cola being $4.50 a glass, you're better off buying a beer.
Enjoy free beer and a friendly atmosphere? If so, this is the place to go!  Free pint of beer if you finish within 7 seconds (2 tries per person each day). Rod, the bartender, was super interesting and cool. We had happy hour wings and sliders, which were only mediocre.  Regardless of the food, we returned the next day due to the bartender, great service and of course, free beer. We also discovered the option of self-service beer depending where you want to sit. Prices were calculated by the number of pints poured(applies to happy hour prices as well)- which means no waiting around for your beer, and playing bartender for the night. Awesome and welcoming ambience- will definitely return.
We are locals and we had friends visiting from Iowa, Wisconsin and Phoenix.  It was a gorgeous day in Las Vegas and we were looking to sit on an outside patio.  We went to Todd English Pub and encountered the manager, Brad.  We chatted with him and told him we were high school friends having a fun reunion with our husbands and he really took great care of us!  Brad got us a table on the patio and even introduced us to the Chef!  All of the staff was great and the food was amazing!  We will take all of our out of town visitors to Todd English Pub!  Thank you!
The food and atmosphere are GREAT!!!
I've been here before - because of it's location. It is inside the Aria - with outdoor seating right by the doors to the City Center. Ideal location - to get some fresh air, rest your feet.  We've only had the raw oysters, sliders, and some sangria. The food is good - but the service is terrible. It takes forever to get anything - menus, water, drinks, the check....
Stayed at the Aria, so I was pretty excited upon realizing, that this was adjacent to the front lobby. The selection was outstanding- lots of Belgian imports, as well as quality stuff from around the good old US of A. For an Eastcoaster such as myself, this was a great opportunity to get stuff like Black Butte on draft. For those visiting without renting a vehicle, this would also be a good opportunity to get their craft drink on right on the strip, unless they want to be sipping sugary drinkie poos from over-sized plastic sippy cups. The ambiance is also superior to most L. Vegas bars. The lighting was very cozy, the bar was an oval in the center of the room, with multiple bartenders tending to ones needs. A game of sports was being televised on television sets placed all around the joint. Now for the prices- most stuff was in the neighborhood of $8-$10. I understand that for Las Vegas this is a very niche business, though one on the rise, and the rent must be higher than Charlie Sheen, but other places we visited were able to offer somewhat lower prices. Not being huge gamblers, what me and my wife did was play some slots at Aria, than upon winning $30-$40, we would proceed to this P.U.B. and blow our winnings. Repeat as many times as necessary.  Note for guests staying at Aria: the in room fridges have weight sensors. I did what I do everywhere else in the world- take the contents out neatly, place own purchases(gallon of water, as we're in the dessert, beers), and before checking out- place everything back in in the same order. We received a bill of around $50 for mini fridge charges. They said they would investigate, but it took us many calls to the managers to get this fee reversed...lesson learned- don't every do anything, anywhere lol
The PUB is good, but not great, and falls a bit short of expectations based on the price, especially since this place is at heart, an English style pub.  The beer selection is great, but over-priced - if you think you can chug a full imperial pint in just under 7 seconds, give it a try and you'll be rewarded with a free beer if you succeed (but like most carnival games, don't count on winning).  The food is good, but again, not great, and falls a bit short of expectations.  I'm also a bit disappointed by the scale of the menu here - while it seems fairly large at first glance, upon closer inspection you'll see a lot of variations the same classics, mainly burgers and sandwiches.  Don't get me wrong, they are perfectly good, but coming from the mind of Todd English, I simply expect a bit more creativity and diversity - everything on the menu is fairly standard fare.  You won't go wrong by stopping in for a beer and a quick bite to eat, but for the price, you might just be better off heading somewhere else, such as The Pub at Monte Carlo.
This is a nice "non-strip" feel pub that is on the strip. It is in the new Aria. The spot is tucked away with a small outside entrance. Once you enter you can definitely feel the friendly pub vibe.  The bar is smack dab in the center of the place. There are a ton of seats. Or if you prefer a table you can go that route as well. The outside seating looked nice. It was full so we went for the bar seat. Our server was quick and friendly. I was starving after walking all around that day so it was nice to have good service.  The bar has these mini hour glasses and apparently if you can finish a beer before it runs out the beer is free. Seems like a cool idea. I ordered the bangers and mash and my man got the grilled cheese with brie. Both dishes were bomb. The bangers and mash was rich and tasty. It had a true home made taste. Nice and hearty. The grilled cheese was really rich. I would only recommend this sandwich to those who like the stinky cheese......and a lot of it. I mean don't get me wrong it was great. It was just stinky cheeseeeee.  They have a full bar and a few beers on tap. Typical bud light type beers as well as darker beers like IPA's. They had a good selection in general.  If you are looking for something that doesn't feel like the strip but is on the strip....go here. You won't be disappointed.
Service beyond bad. 13 people behind the bar and crap for service. I've been a bartender....it's not rocket science.
Stopped in here for an early dinner on our way to see Love at the Mirage. It was perfect timing because we got there during Happy Hour and scored 1/2 price beers (very, VERY solid beer list), meaning the beers were only slightly more expensive than I'd normally pay, instead of WAY overpriced.   I had the lobster rolls, my friend had the mussels. I am not a mussel girl, but I sampled the broth, and wow, it was so good & perfectly seasoned. My lobster rolls were divine... just the right amount of mayo and the buns were overflowing with lobster.   I dig the vibe of the place, it is a Pub after all, but it just has great ambiance and you don't feel like you're in the middle of all the Vegas craziness. I think the prices are pretty par for the course as far as Vegas goes, and my meal was worth every penny.
Nice ambience and good food, but for a price.  I stopped by in need of a liquor mop while waiting for my friends to show up, and had some prawns and oysters, and also the lobster rolls, which were pretty spectacular and chock full of sweet lobster goodness.   They also have a really extensive beer list, but ~$10 a pint (even for PBR !!) starts to add up.   Still, it's a good place to check out either during happy hour or if you walk away from the Aria tables with a little extra scratch.
Great beer selection! The lobster rolls are amazing. Service is just ok. Hung out here with my husband and watched some sports on our mini get away! Had a good beer flight but kinda pricey. Then again it's Vegas and everything is expensive. Good knowledgeable bartender (girl with short blonde hair and tattoos))! And then there was a crabby bartender who looked like a mean Russian dude! Good hang out to chill at the bar and watch sports! Nice outdoor area to people watch!
We just arrived in Vegas and we wanted a quick bite and some drinks to start off our epic adventure.  This place was EHH.   We shared pitchers of the white sangria. It tasted watered down. I can barely taste the wine or the fruit juice.  I ordered the burger sliders which was ok. It was good but wasn't special.   We chose this place only because it was the liveliest place to have some drinks and bites within the Aria vicinity.
I wouldn't say there was anything 'special' about this place, as it was your basic American Irish Pub trying to be Irish. The food portions were grand, and I will say their food was quite tasty.  The service was what I expected - average, so no surprise there. Overall I would say that I was neutral about this restaurant. It met my need to consume food for energy and survival, and outside of that, it didn't 'wow' me in any way.
4.5 stars! Wanted to give them 5 but our waiter seemed to disappear and forget what we ordered a few times! No bueno!  Where o where to begin! Actually this is going to be a bullet points type of review!  -Non-Smoking, perfect for my Bestie who was Preggers at the time -Love the decor (woods with big white marble oyster bar) -Shared sinks for bathrooms where the guy who hands you towels will freestyle with you tip him (which makes you want to give him a bigger tip since he's so good) -Bathroom amenities free to use include: perfume, cologne, candy, gum, hairspray, gel and other things -Food was very good; need to try the lobster rolls next time -Happy people all around made it have a great atmosphere -Have drinking games (need to try next time I go)  -In City Center, which is where all the new/nice places are  Point is...if you are in Vegas...this is a place you MUST go!
Stopped by this week for happy hr specials, $3 sliders means a slider not two not three just one mini burger.. And I mean mini.  Oysters were good,  service great..   A bit high on the $$$$$. Oh well it's Vegas ..
What is one to do if you're in vegas for an extra day waiting on an airplane, stretched nearly to the end of your budget, and you want a cheap place to knock back a couple pints? Head to this place. They've got a rotating 3 dollar "keg blow out" special, and the beers are pretty good.  Granted, even being in vegas, it's *really* hard to justify 13 bucks for a pint of their normal selection, even if it was from my favorite brewery back home.  As for the food? passable, but not really fantastic.  What was however, was the service. Aside from another meal we ate on our trip that cost roughly 6 times as much, we didn't get better service anywhere we went. In fact, I don't know if the 5 star joint we hit was actually any better. They've got some really friendly people working, happy to keep serving up pints, and more than happy to bs during slow moments.  I'm going to have this place in mind the next time I'm in town, don't have my company card, and want a pint or two.
Great spot! Happy hour was bomb and the bartender was super nice she never on e forgot about us!! Great service!!
Absolutely LOVE their happy hour menu.  $2 oysters. $1 wings. $2 sliders. Half off selected wines, sangrias, etc.  Originally came here just for their cheap oysters but, tried their delish sangria. Then, since I was there I might as well have some sliders which were extremely and surprisingly juicy. And welll.....since wings were just a dollar, I had about 6. lol  Best $20 I've ever spent.
3.5 STARS for their very generous and expansive happy hour and their friendly and helpful bartenders/staff.  I came here on a weekday and even though there were a share of tourists and locals, this place was very full at the bar area.  Most of the staff were very chatty...there was a little bit of a back and forth between two staff workers on who really was the more devoted Kobe Bryant and Lakers fan!  I got three oysters plus a pint of Lagunitas from my beloved city of San Francisco and later on some sweet potato fries.  With happy hour pricing, all of that fell under $20.  I did try their Deschutes Inversion IPA but since it was a cask beer, they served it room temp which sort of turned me off.  I realized I need my beer cold.  The oysters were fresh and a steal at $2 each.    Now to the beer selection: although they do offer a lot of selections and I saw the taps all around the bar to show it, I wasn't as impressed as I thought.  My usual excitement when I go to a place with lots of draught beers, is to find something that I haven't tried and usually it's an unique brew that is hard to find or something like that.  Out of all of the beers that were offered, I think I've tried at least half of them and most of the other half I didn't really want to try.  I was hoping maybe to see some smaller breweries from Southern California or Portland but I saw a lot of familiar names: Sam Adams, Trumer Pils, Shock Top, and Sierra Nevada.  It's still a good place to go for a drink and to watch the game but maybe I'm a beer snob.  And the regular menu I didn't try like sandwiches and entrees but with the slightly higher price point due to the location on the Strip and all, I probably will be sticking with happy hour at the bar.
I came here with a group of friends for the happy hour special on a weekday. We had some food credit with Vdara, which sadly later on we found out the food from this establishment didn't count part of the food credit with Vdara program, darn! Even though we did ask the employees here at this restaurant whether it would count, and they said it would - lame!   Regardless, this place is super over-hyped and over-priced. I didn't find any of the food to be fabulous or that great. We ordered 2 or 3 rounds of oysters, I found them to be small and nothing spectacular. Then we ordered 2 rounds of chicken wings which were yummy. And we also had the onion rings, which are HUGE, but I didn't find the flavor to be that great, but then again I'm not a fan of onion rings.   They need to bring down the prices at this establishment and maybe it'll be on the same level as the food quality.   But then again it could be me, because I always see this place packed when I pass by.
1 star for the beer selection another star for the looks of the bar and the third star is for the happy hour deals they have  -1 star for not having 3 of the 4 beers I actually wanted -1 star for our waitress who asked "do you want another drink?" and when my wife responded "not yet" the waitress put the bill on the table and walked away. I don't know about you, but I'm pretty sure "not yet" means that you would like another drink when you finish the one you have. I don't think it means "not yet, we are done and you can push us out the door even though it's nowhere near closing time and you definitely don't need this table."
Todd English is alright. Sure, they have a lot of microbrews; however, I don't think I ever spent more on a microbrew before. It is best to come here for the twice daily happy hour to get 50% off beer on tap.  The food is also okay. I ordered some chicken sliders, which were just okay. My girlfriend and I also ordered some appetizer, but I can't remember now.
All the walking in Vegas got me pooped!!! My friends and I came in for an early dinner and to rest our feet. LoL The decor is very casual and of course has a pub like atmosphere with beer in the air and sports on the tubes. The waiter was really chill and nice. He checked up on us a few times and did not let us feel neglected at all. My friends ordered a chicken pot pie and the Amsterdam Burger. We ordered a big plate of beer battered onion rings to share. Out of all the beer battered onion rings I have ever tried, these have the most beer flavor. The only problem is the giant onion ring inside the batter does not rip apart so I'm basically pulling the whole thing out and not enjoying the outside. As for me, I ordered the lobster roll that came with not just one, not just two, but THREE lobster rolls!!! It also came with coleslaw and chips, but I substituted the chips with criss cut fries. The lobster rolls were melt in your mouth... MHMMMMMMMM SO GOOD!!! I ate TWO of them! The lobster rolls are jam packed with BIG CHUNKS OF LOBSTER MEAT. They are so warm, buttery, comforting, and oOoOoh hit the spot DELICIOUS! The coleslaw was okay and the fries were pretty good, but I would come back just for the lobster rolls over and over again! =D
Absolutely the worst food i've had in a long time.  I'm surprised, because of the location, how they can actually put out flavorless food and unfresh produce.  There are a lot of talented chefs in las vegas, maybe Todd English should think about hiring some of them? (or at least let them add flavor to the corporate recipes?)  My bf got the grilled chicken sandwich, which had a big giant bun, and a small, flattened piece of flavorless chicken.  I originally ordered a chopped salmon salad, but when it came, no salmon, and the rest was wilted iceburg lettuce draped over the sides of a bowl with chopped tomatoes and cucumbers inside.  We also got some kettle chips and blue cheese type of appetizer that was inedible as well.  Would give four stars to our server.  I can't remember his name, but he was a trooper.  I saw another table complaining about their food as well, so i'm sure its not his first time.  He tried to accommodate us, but there was really nothing he could do.   The red sangria was tasty.... so, i'll give one star for that.
We came here while on a scavenger hunt in Las Vegas. The bartender was super friendly, I really wish I would have gotten his name. He totally took the time to help us find a California based beer that was on draft. I settled on a refreshing cider, and my boyfriend had the recommended beer.  While sitting up at the bar you get a full view of the cooks shucking oysters and it is a pretty intense show. I have plenty of experience with those damn things and it still scared me when I see someone else doing it.   Friendly staff, definitely worth stopping by.
Really wanted to like this place.  Great atmosphere but the food was mediocre.  I could have overlooked the food were it not for the less than friendly service.  It was a Saturday night but this place wasn't even busy, yet our server acted like we were a huge pain in the ass for even coming in.  Would maybe try this place again because of their great happy hour prices and my eternal optimism.
Stopped here for some oysters before Cirque's Elvis show.  They were $2 each and they were beautiful! OMG, we could have eaten them for days.  The sauces they came with were delicious too. Can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
I was here 2 nights ago. This is the best place to be in Vegas provided you can polish off a pint in less than 7 seconds.  Also, this place had the most beautiful tattooed-hipster bar tender in the whole wide room.  She wouldn't give me her digits because I was probably too drunk, but she told me to sing my praises to her on yelp.  My hipster love rap I wrote for her:  Todd English Pub 7 seconds to chug. Free beer, plus this girl Only seconds to love But I wanted it to last So now I need some help I want more than pan flashes She said, "leave it on 'Yelp'."  Now tell me 'do you love me'? Singing lyrics by Guster Confirmed or Plausible? Look like the Girl Myth Buster  Your hair so silky red My feelings hard now to explain My spidey sense is acting up So please come be my Mary Jane.  Not a smoking reference Don't dichotomize like Petty Join my heart breakin' band  Cuz I am 'Hipster' ready  You proudly wear your oversized Leopard patterned glasses So here's my love confessional Your test, I hope it passes  Got my heart tickin' like a bomb come diffuse You wear your heart on your sleeve I can see it in your tattoos  I said you were my dream girl Rebuttal with an awkward pose Failed attempted ugly face Flared nostrils on a pretty nose  Double pierced tongue I want to check your teeth for enamel A dental hygienist married  Sith destroyer Mark Hamill  Star crossed lovers, yeah, I could be your Jedi Knight And if you so agreed to it I'd use the force like every night  Night time raccoon attack You know I'd suck the rabies out Just to kiss your pale skin Let's churn 'sun-burn-babies' out  I'm Burning up, I understand  there's prolley not a chance in hell Do me a solid, don't change a bit stay you, you do it so well  Todd English Pub 7 seconds to chug. Free beer, plus this girl Only seconds to love But I wanted it to last because it felt so right I want more than pan flashes just one more night
The food was killer! I haven't haven't had a  lobster roll that good since I was in NY and Boston. My wife had the oysters and loved them also. Everything looked great on the menu.
Pretty good food. Everything was fresh and tasted really good. I ordered a CBLT( chicken,bacon, lettuce, tomato sandwich). The chicken was cooked nicely and the roll was hearty. The bucket of fries that came with weren't anything different than you would find at any other pub. The beer battered onion rings were very good, some of the best I've ever had. The  bucket of popcorn placed on the table to snack on didnt really make sense, and not to mention wasn't that great. The service was just ok. I might have just gotten a less-than-attentive waitress. I would recommend this place and would certainly make a return visit.
Stopped in here for a couple burger sliders as Maestro's was too full for our party of three.  Good little spot. Beers came quickly.  Food came quickly and it was good. If other spots are packed, give this spot a try for quality food and a sports bar atmosphere.
this place should be replaced. It's in the new Citycenter development between 2 great hotels and its far from par of its surroundings. First of all, I felt that they didn't have a big selection of beers and that disappointed me from the start. After we waited a while to get our food, most of us were pretty disappointed with that as well. I could barely eat part of my shepherds pie, another person at the table didn't enjoy their burger (seriously how hard is it to mess up a burger), and it seemed that most people didn't even finish their meals. The only person who really enjoyed their meal was my girl friend with her chicken pot pie. This place has Vegas prices but the quality falls far behind. Todd English needs to learn how to cook good (English) food and improve the quality and quantity of the beer selection.
Okay, I ate here twice.  Both times, I gotta say, in comparison to the overpriced crap you get on the strip, these guys deliver.  Service was genuine and kind.  The beer selection is pure madness (hence the 5 instead of 4 stars).  I mean, seriously. These guys know beer.  And the food is lip smacking killer.  I got on both occasions: fish and chips, welsh rabbit, and portabella mushroom burger.   No misses at all.  Can't believe they are on the same property as the Aria.  Tip: get the skinny fries  Tip: Enter through mall entrance to get into the right seating line  Tip: Ask for the local beers, some tasty surprises await  Tip: They have Tabasco and Cholula.
In 2011, we ended up here because BESO was no longer open for late-dinner hours.   We didn't want to walk far, and since this place was offering late night choices, with Todd's name, we figured what the heck.   It was terrible experience overall. A poor attempt at bar food, and heartburn all night long. Never again, not even dead.
Great atmosphere and great food, I will come back her next time I'm in Vegas.
A must stop every time I visit Vegas. The service so casual and can either be attentive or lacking. I've never had a bad experience, but at the same time I'm not very needy. I see others getting impatient but for some reason it's never affected me.  The food is outstanding!!! I've had a few different items but the lobster rolls are beyond good. The sauce, presentation, and portions were perfect. Most recently I sat at the bar, watched some sports and just had an overall great time. I left with a $60 - $70 bill and was very pleased with everything.
I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Both times I ate at the bar.  The appetizer chili is great.  The beer selection and the casual ambiance is great too. I got the fresh carved meat - lamb with a few sauces on the side.  The meat was ok, i was expecting it to be more flavorful and moist.  The portion, however, was very large. I could not finish it and I got the single portion.  The side sauces were just ok.    There are other items that look great I still want to try, but the carved meat is their "specialty" which was a little disappointing.
Excellent service, fabulous food, great bar. Don't miss the Welsh rarebit--heaven!
Came here with a few college friends, so naturally we did the pint challenge.  That is a solid deal if you put on your frat boy hat and man up.  We ordered some bar food which was ok.  The one waitress, who looked like Snooki, must hate her job.  She was very unpleasant, which meant no tip for her.  I'd suggest stroll in and pound a few free pints, then head elsewhere.
2.5 Stars....  I really wanted to like this place not having tried a Todd English restaurant but unfortunately this place didn't live up to my high celebrity chef expectations.  We started off with the dirty chips which sounded good on the menu, but weren't that good in real life. The chips were smothered in REALLY sharp blue cheese which overpowered the entire dish. The chicken livers that were served with it were fried so much they were nearly burnt. The saving grace of that appetizer were the tomatoes and bacon which tried to cut the sharpness of the blue cheese, but to no avail. The bright side of our appetizer ordering were the raw oysters. They were fresh and the cocktail sauce had the right amount of heat from the horseradish.  Now on to the entrees. I ordered the chicken pot lie and the sauce was a little too salty. The pie top was nice and flaky though. My husband ordered the New Amsterdam and I think that was the best dish of the evening. It is basically a pastrami Reuben with a hamburger. It was delicious!   My sisters ordered appetizers as entrees. The duck buns had too much hoisin sauce and in the sauteed clam dish my other sister ordered about half of the clam shells were empty! The waitress was kind enough to go to the kitchen and get her more.  Overall I would say it was an okay experience. Many of the items we ordered fell short, but perhaps it really depends on what you order. Maybe next time I'm in a celebrity chef mood in Vegas, I'll stick to the tried and true DC chefs (aka: Andres, Richard) ;)
This place was a surprise for me.  My wife and I had just arrived in Vegas, were starving, and went into this place without much thought.  We were pleasantly surprised by the good drinks and great food.  We ended up coming back here again for lunch later in our trip.    The shepherd's pie here is excellent, with lots of flavor and great texture.  It's not the typical browned, ground meat you get in most other places.  The fish and chips are great too, although not particularly different from any other good fish and chips place you might go to.  The lobster sliders are good but I thought they skimped a bit on the lobster.  One thing any of-age person has to try is Todd's sssSweet Tea.  This bourbon cocktail is amazing, and very dangerous.  I could drink these all day, and will probably come back here on my next Vegas trip just to get this drink.
Great atmosphere. Good food.
Went there twice during a recent business trip and thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere, fantastic beer selection and good happy hour deals.   As far as food is concerned, I didn't try much because the summer heat in Vegas suppressed my appetite, but what I did sample was tasty. Some of the best Buffalo wings I've had, and only a buck per wing during happy hour. On my second visit I had the delicious chicken parmesan sliders & a few raw oysters (only $2 each all day long) flown in fresh from Vancouver.  Beer selection was the best I've seen in Vegas, although very overpriced with craft beers going for around $12/pint. Go during happy hour and they're much more reasonable at half price. I drank Dogfish Head 90 min IPA (my favorite beer) and the Speakeasy IPA which was solid. FYI, glasses of wine are also 1/2 off during happy hour.  Great music selection (from Beastie Boys to Zeppelin), attentive bartenders, and quirky but classy decor -  I D.U.G. The P.U.B.
Great pub-like atmosphere, beer selection is good, great service and average food. A nice change from some of the surrounding restaurants and their stuffiness or lack their of. My husband and I shared the sliders, the lobster rolls and some fries.  The lobster rolls were suggested to us by the hostess.  Looking back, I feel that it may have been simply because it was one of the more expensive things on the menu.  Either way, I bought it, she won.  The sliders were average, slightly dry and non-impressive.  The lobster rolls (also sliders) were good, not great, just good.  The lobster chunks were good sized but the sauce wasn't super great.  The lobster rolls were served on small  dinner sized rolls and topped with a butter, aioli sauce.  Good, just not great. We sat in the bar area at a low top table.  Service was very attentive, never had an empty drink, all without being pushy or smothering. Next time I'm in town, I will most definitely be back!
Even though there is only one meal entree that is vegetarian, they totally score with it!  Sure there are plenty of random sides and alterations to entrees my man and I could have made in order to enjoy vegetarian options but we were still surprised there was only one option. That is until it was in our mouths causing our taste buds to dance a Portobello Mushroom Burger dance of joy and happiness. SO good.   I refrained and stayed away from the bucket of fries but from what the man says, they are the best he's ever had. Or one of the best in his top 5, something like that. The burger comes with a side of pickled vegetables that I seriously couldn't stop eating. We shared the burger on our first visit because we weren't super hungry. The second time we went in while on our Vegas trip we shared the Portobello Mushroom Burger and the Iceberg Wedge Salad (vegetarian version) with a side of vinaigrette dressing.   I enjoyed two, yes two, glasses of delicious Blanco Sangria filled with peaches and strawberries. I need another glass now! Check this place out. They have a ton (about 40) different beers and the atmosphere is fun. Definitely worth a stop while you're in the Vegas.
We decided to try this place out because we were eating late after a show and didn't want to be anywhere too fancy nor too cheap (ie chain fast casual place). I suggested here because I had seen it from time to time while going through the Crystals center on my way to/from Aria, the Cosmo, etc.   We were happy to see we came during their late night happy hour. We were starving so got some $1 wings to start. I am not a HUGE wing person, but these were very delicious and although some may find $1/wing "pricey" I thought they were a good deal? They give you real blue cheese too.  My bf and I decided to share their carvery platter (lamb) which was amazing and came with some tasty sauces. We had several friends meet up with us and our waitress was very patient considering we had all had quite a few cocktails and the constant seating kept changing as our group grew/shrunk.  However, the chopped salad my bf and I also shared was awful and we actually sent it back because it was so bad (basically "chopped" lettuce and... 1 tomato? That is all I remember being on it). Luckily our waitress took it off the bill so no worries-- but one of our friends got a Caesar and wasn't thrilled with it either, so maybe skip the salads all together and just get the unhealthy bar food and meat ;)
great service. kinda pricey. I would say 15+ for a burger or sandwich.  But what can you say? You're on the strip.  It was pretty tasty though and they dont take too long on making the food.  Oh and they give free popcorn out.
Ate here for a late late dinner after an exhausting 60 hours of Vegas. The food was delicious! We ordered off of their carvery portion of their menu. Prime rib and brisket. Both a WOW. I will definitely be going back.   The atmosphere was really laid back..then again we did eat there around 10pm.   Can't comment on any of the beer though it looked like they had a large selection. Next time
We shared the lobster roll and pastrami sliders. Side order of duck fat French fries. Needed to get rolled out of there but worth every calorie. I like the casual and friendly atmosphere. This is a very fun place with an impressive beer selection.  I could see spending an afternoon trying beer and special treats. Ohhh...lobster rolls....
Terrific service -- waiter provided great recommendations when we couldn't really choose what we wanted off the menu.  Casual environment but even those a little dressy fit in.  right in between Aria and Crystals at City Center ... great location.
I went there for my Birthday.  I wanted casual, fun and also good.  I got what I wanted.  This is PUB food on steroids.  It has an extensive beer list and traditional pub food but with a gastro-spin.  I was there with three other people and we all left fully stuffed and satisfied with everything we had.  The waitress was very friendly and let us take our time with having a few drinks and then ordering appetizers and going from there.
Listened to Yelp and you were right. The lobster roll was great!  We came here for a late dinner to make it for happy hour. Great specials!  We got $2 oysters and $4 dollar beers if I remember correctly? Great food and I highly recommend for a semi casual dinner in the heart of city center.
Stopped here for a late dinner, huge beer selection, any type of brew seemed to be available. Ordered the mussels and the tuna burger, both were great, nicely done and tasty.
Todd English PUB has a lot of things going for it...great location in the City Center, great deals for happy hour, awesome beers on tap so you can make a nice flight (and beers are listed with brewery and location too which melts my cold, cold heart of ice), a beer challenge which I WILL accomplish sometime in my life (anyone know how to do this whole "open your throat" thing I keep hearing about?), and I haven't tried the food, but the menu looks promising.  It's a must see for beer lovers in Vegas.  Go there.
The ambiance, beer selection and staff were wonderful. The beer price is steep.  I didn't try the food. A fun place to kill several hours watching the Olympics. I will be back to try the food menu and continue drinking my way through the beer menu.
As a city center resident I eat here quite often. It's almost always full of people and the servers and staff are very friendly. The vibe is an upscale pub with lots of amp,e comfy seating.  The oysters are great! 2$ a piece durning happy hour might even make them a little tastier :)   The appetizers are to die for! You really can't go wrong treating this as a tapas bar with friends so you get to try a little of everything! The tuna tar tar is tasty and whatever sauce they use just adds to the over all melt in your mouth texture. The duck buns are a gooey mess of flavor :) unfortunately they do come out a bit dry sometimes... You MUST try the steak tacos again, the sauce is what makes them memorable.  Stay away from the parmesan sliders. They just come out overly dry and lacking luster.  As for beer options there really is no comparison! The servers are very good at making recommendations and with so many options it can seem daunting to try to pick! They will even make sure you love your beer or replace it till you find one you like.  For a casual dining option to watch the game or meet up for happy hour you really can't go wrong with TE Pub
Was pleasantly surprised, I was a little leary after reading all the mixed reviews. After perusing the pictures, we decided to try the lobster roll, wow this was delicious. The lobster was so fresh, and it comes with coleslaw and housemade kettle chips. We also ordered the $2 oysters, and ended up with 2 more orders they were so good. The bar has a Yardhouse type vibe to it. Would be fun to check out for happy hour, I will definitely come back, there were plenty of items on the menu that I want to try.
Definitely a fun place to have good food, good beer, and hang out with friends. I love the vibrant/loud vibe of this place. My husband and I came here while the Olympics were on, and it was really fun to watch on TV while everyone cheered during the events.   I had the Ahi burger, which was left nothing to complain about, and finished with "Stephanie's bread pudding", which had Captain Crunch pieces on top - yum!   The beer selection is really good, not as good as other places on the Strip, but also nothing to complain about. I would definitely eat here again and recommend it to anyone wanting a fun, pub atmosphere with better-than-pub food.
As good as it FREAKING GETS !!!!!!!  I'm not usually a fan of beer, but with there various selection of handcrafted beer, you just can't help but to order one! The $2 oysters are fresh and absolutely presented on a fancy smancy tray.  As our food was being brought to our table, the mouth-watering smell of the lobster roll traveled faster than the waiter, at which we all immediately made room and waited anxiously for it to arrive at our table. The grilled cheese with bacon and tomato sandwich made me roll my eyes back continually as juice and oil dripped down my fingers.  Lastly, (as I've become allergic to shellfish , yes, I know, very unfortunate) my friend ordered the seafood stew and I watched sadly as the rest of the girls devoured and lick the bowl clean; hence, it must be delicious.
My wife and just had lunch.  Fantastic experience. The food and drink were excellent.   What so much made the day came from two of the most positive, customer focused, fun people I have ever had the pleasure to meet:  Eleanor Armstrong and Laura Berger.  Definitely would recommend.  I will return and expect another terrific time.  Be sure to ask for Eleanor and Laura.
I'm a little torn on this gastropub because the service was soooo awesome but the food was so-so. And, the pre- and post- dinner happy hour on all pints and wine isn't a bad deal! Am a newbie to Chef English's food so decided to go with the special that day that seemed to be a fav' chicken panini with heirloom tomatos with truffle fries. The fries are pretty darn yummy. Panini was sorta dry and not very flavorful. In place of the pre-meal bread, you get popcorn. I'm not a huge popcorn fan so was a bit neutral on that.  TVs are a plenty if you're looking to chow and watch. So are the beers on tap here if you are looking for a wide variety. Our bartender, Sheena, and waiter were the best despite how crazy busy they were! Love that.  It's hidden in a corner on the second floor of the Crystals Mall right outside the Aria casino. Check it out during happy hour for starters!
Fun day, went to Todd English pub for a quick lunch.  What a great lunch, made even more enjoyable by the bartenders Eleanor Armstrong, and Laura Berger.  Talk about outstanding customer service!  Way to go ladies!!
My friend and I came in here on a whim after a long morning of pai gow poker. We were totally suckered in by the huge Happy Hour sign. $1 wings, $2 oysters and $3 sliders!   The restaurant seemed really busy, so we didn't want to wait for a table. Luckily, there were a couple bar stools open, so we were able to snag a seat rather quickly. The bartender was running around....but didn't seem to notice me or my friend. We sat there awkwardly for a while until he finally brought us some menus. He didn't really talk to us, and he barely cracked a smile. Usually I love chatting up people at the bar, but this bartender just didn't seem very friendly at all. -1 star for the unfriendly service  We ordered a couple of oysters and sliders. The oysters were fresh, but I've had better. The sliders were good....but again nothing to rave about. We got to sample some beer from New Zealand (they were doing some sort of promotion). The beer was fantastic. Really light and refreshing. It was exactly what I needed on a hot Vegas day.  Nice pub in the heart of the City Center, but I don't know if I'd actually come back for more. The food and beer were both good, but the service was seriously lacking. There are so many great restaurants in Vegas, and this one definitely didn't wow me like others have.
We stopped in for lunch today and loved it.  I had the lobster Cobb salad which was loaded with lobster meat and that was a surprise. I really expected a few pieces of lobster  The flavors of all the ingredients worked nicely together and I about licked the plate.   My husband had the wedge salad with skirt steak.  A perfect man salad! He really liked it and he's picky. We also shared some skinny fries which were fabulous.   It wasn't a cheap lunch, but it was definitely good.
Happy Happy Happy Hour! From 3-6 M-F half price pints and wine by the glass you cant go wrong! With a wide rang of beer on tap here are my favorites-  Anchor Stream-  A San Fran Beer with a toasted malt flavor and a hop finish, you will love it Guinness- You can never go wrong with this stout on tap Pyramid Audacious Apricot Ale- I'm usually not one for fruity beers but this is an exception. Amazing Ale with a burst of Apricot and hints of lemon and wheat. Delirium Tremens, Belgium- This hoppy beer that sits at a 8.5% alcohol content is amazing. crisp yet yeasty you will love this beer. But be careful, its strong :)  Now for the food...  You can never go wrong with starting out with the Beer Battered Onion Rings. they come with this spicy ranch dipping sauce that truly makes the dish. Ive always wanted to try the dirty chips too. kettle chips with bacon bits scallions and chicken livers... ill def try that next time! I had the West Coast Burger for my entree. Its a turkey burger, with sunflower sprouts, bacon, slaw, avocado and dressed with honey mustard. It also came with huge fries. So yum! My friend ordered the New England Fish & Chips. They were truly authentic and amazing. We also shared a side of Mac & Cheese... don't judge us it was worth the calories haha  The decor is beautiful as well. Surrounded by windows and natural light It was a nice escape from most pubs that are dark and dim. I also noticed they had beer pong pool and darts. How fun! The bartender told us about the drinking contest they had. Drink a pint in under 7 seconds and its free. Now i would never try this but I'm sure it would be fun to watch.   All in all this place is a fun change of pace from the typical Strip Restaurant. I suggest it highly!
Horrible place. Wanted to always try this place and did with a horrible time. The venue looks awesome and the people were ok. But the food is horrible!!! the service so so. So we got seated at a regular booth for 4 people but we decided we want to sit on the table with a keg installed so we can pour our own beer with their tap. We ordered: Corn dog puppies: i can buy them at walmart and put them in a oven myself (F) Spicy crispy chicken wings: really how can you serve this? (D-) Beer battered onion rings: its hard not to go wrong with fried food. (C+) Sliders:  nothing great (C-) Brown butter lobster rolls: i would of expected at least average (D-)  Food was horrible!!!  Next the whole time while we were ordering and eating and waiting our keg broke and they had a guy fix it the whole time we were ordering, eating, trying to drink. so we had a party of 5 because of the worker.   What did Todd English PUB employees and manager decide to do when I complained?  "Hey Im sorry, how about a 4 cups of beer?" Thanks but F off.    Will not come back. A really nice venue but failure in their food and service.   Isnt a restaurant a place to eat good food and have a good time with friendly workers? Especially at their prices come on now
I love Todd English Pub!  This is actually one of my favorite places to eat on the strip.  Primarily for business luncheons or pseudo-social happy hour, but dinner here is just as nice.  The staff is  always very friendly and quick to assist.  The food is fantastic.  I keep trying new things and am consistently impressed.    And who doesn't love to see a few tourists try to slam a pint of beer in 30 seconds to get it free?  Like dinner and a show!  Classy spot with plenty of people watching.  I could sit there for hours enjoying my duck buns and IPA!
I had an amazing cheese burger here. the bun was delicious along with the 10oz angus beef patty. Great beer as well and they even have a foosball table!! great job guys!!
I wish this would open in NYC!  Came in with a big group for lunch, but ended up staying for a few hours. They have beer taps built into tables, modernized comfort food favorites, and an extensive beer list. Typically, I would order beer at a pub, but I couldn't resist the strawberry mojito. It might just be the best I have ever had. Food was delicious too!  I definitely reccomend PUB.
I'm not a fan of Vegas buffets. Those glorified, gluttonous grubfests aren't my thing. So on a Sunday morning, we take a stroll to Aria hotel to get to Todd English Pub. This is the perfect place to unwind and/or enjoy a sobering brunch.   We usually come in around noon-ish on Sundays and we've never had to wait. With the hungover crowds lining up at buffets across the way at  Bellagio or Rio, Todd English has been quite peaceful each time we've visited. The longest we've had to wait (for a group of 6+) has been around 10 minutes.  The first thing we usually order is the bucket of Traditional Pickles - definitely wakes up the taste buds. My Vegas trips are not the same without them.   My boyfriend has gotten oysters from the Raw Bar and on occasion, an oyster shooter or two...and he's loved it. I can never join in on the shellfish escapades due to my obnoxious seafood allergies. Big booooo's. :(  Because we usually dine with a group, I've gotten to try a little of everything.   Appetizers: I'd recommend the Ahi Tuna "Poke", Duck Buns or Caesar Salad. All pretty tasty yet not too rich. Perfect for a first course.  Main courses: - The Veggie Muffuletta is sooooo tasty and not too overwhelming. If you like sandwiches, or you're veggie, I'd definitely recommend it (with EXTRA salsa verde). - The Skirt Steak is to die for. You might also want a side of salsa verde sauce to go with it. Perfect flavors for a Vegas brunch. - How do you go wrong with sliders? Especially BLT sliders?!? And those crispy skinny fries? Ahh heaven!!! You might want to ask for a side of the black truffle mayo to dip those fries in...or maybe that's just me. - And if you like a meaty mouthful (o__O), you can always order meat by the pound at their Carvery. Prime beef, corned beef (my favorite), brisket, pastrami...you name it, they'll carve it fresh for you. Pick a choice of bread + sauces and you have yourself a meaty manwich. It's almost too good to be true.  They've also got a hefty collection of beers & beer cocktails. However, I stick to the girly stuff. I've had their bloody mary's, Bellinis, and their Grow A Pear cocktails...and I'm absolutely in love with the latter. Perfect hint of sweetness. Great as dessert actually.  As for the vibe, like I said earlier, it's never been busy when we've gone so I'm not sure how it is with crazy crowds...it is a pub, after all. I do love the layout though, it feels open and never congested; the bar is in the middle of the restaurant, like at Yardhouse.   I've enjoyed this restaurant/pub each time we've gone. Todd English Pub has definitely become our Vegas Sunday-morning tradition.
Food is tasty, they have a good beer selection and the atmosphere is cool. BUT I think the food is overpriced. I know it's Vegas, but still.  A great tip...if you can chug beer like a pro go for the 7 second beer challenge. Choose a beer ($10 or less) and if you can finish it in 7 second or less it's free. You can do this twice daily.
When lobster is on the menu, there is no question what I will order.  I've been on a quest to find the best lobster roll outside of New England and I've found it!  Big, juicy chunks of lobster, simply dressed, on a toasted, buttered roll.  Yum!  I would travel back to Las Vegas just to order this.  If my travel partner had allowed, I would have eaten every meal here and ordered the same thing.
The meal was absolutely fantastic. Ordered a Ahi Tuna Tartare for starter and it was sooo good. Also got the junk chips which were delightful. Crispy fried pickles were great too. Tuna Burger cooked medium rare was next and it was seared perfectly on a whole grain bun, with huge amount of avocado and arugula, perfect. All in all, great food. Service was friendly, attentive, and spot on. Well worth the price.
Awesome place, great service. Richard Baldino was an awesome server. Great beer selection!!
3rd time at Todd English PUB, and 2nd time this week!  I love the atmosphere and my service has always been top notch - especially tonight (keep reading)  Tonight I went with my fianc and her family.  Our servers were very friendly and everybody had a great time.  The staff was nice enough to modify some of our meals - like a special salad for my fianc and off-menu greens with my steak.  The mussels are so good, especially the sauce - I found myself almost drinking the tomato sauce with a spoon.  Others tried the thick slices of pastrami and loved it.  The shrimp, sold by the piece, is perfect.  My ribeye was a thin cut, pub style.  It was tasty although I prefer a good filet over a ribeye any day.  Interesting thing happened:  My shrimp came and I grabbed the lemon - something thick and black on the lemon made a dark stain on my finger!  Smelled like grease or rubber.  The staff was quick to apologize and take it back to the manager.  I went to the nice bathroom (complete with attendant) and wash my hand.  When I came back, they had given me a fresh batch of shrimp and a couple of extras!  The manager came by and apologized again and was very nice to everyone.  I was impressed because a simple sorry would have been enough for me, but they made sure we were taken care of.    Finally, we briefly mentioned that we were getting married in several months.  At the end of our meal, out of nowhere, a couple of lit candles and some ice cream cookie sandwiches appeared on our table.  Nice touch.  The menu has so many different choices, I could come back 10 times and try something different every time.  Some people complain about the prices but, come on, what do you expect from a nice place right next Crystals -  a high end shopping mall.  I love this place and will return for more.
Don't waste your time or money!  You will easily find something better.   Overpriced.  $11 for glass of beer.  Poor and slow service.  15-20 minutes between each siting of our server.  Nothing tasted fresh.   Duck buns were too salty. Sliders: buns were dry and beef was flavorless. Fish and chips was nothing special, have had much much better and paid far less.
I have to give this 5 stars for the BEST Chili in Las Vegas (and just about anywhere else...but I haven't been to everywhere else yet...oh...but...it's good...reeeeeal good!)  Matthew at the bar is very friendly and can make a killer Old Fashion. BTW - did I mention the fried oyster appetizer?? topped with microgreens with mint too...yum.
OK, first rule when you're sitting at the bar here: Throw the peanut shells on the floor, not on the bar! (You'll thank me later for this.)  I was at a highly technical conference that was held at Planet Hollywood (where else?) and had a couple of nights on my own. First night, I wanted to see Monday Night Football at a bar and, after Yelp consultation, ended up at PUB. It was great. I had a well-made Manhattan to start and some sort of exotic beer with my lobster rolls. The lobster rolls were excellent - lots of big chunks of lobster with brown butter on three slider rolls. The next night, I went back and had the tuna burger. Again, a fantastic burger with lots of rare tuna and some wasabi oriented sauce that was just perfect with it. I sat at the bar the second night as well. Only down side was that the bartenders seem very busy and you might sit a moment waiting for another drink. It's also a pretty noisy place, so don't go here for a romantic meal. Prices are a bit high, but unlike a lot of places on the Strip you won't walk out feeling ripped off as the quality of the food is very high.
Great food, fast service and free comedy relief. Thanks Richie Baldino! We had the Fried Bologna Sandwich, which was great if you like fried bologna (I do!). We also had the Buffalo Burger on Richie's suggestion, also very good, but you'd better be hungry, it's a ten ounce burger!
Yummy but costly...
My favorite dining experience in four days at the Aria in Vegas... ended up there three times and my husband even more.  In short: amazing food and extensive draft beer menu at a better value than anywhere in the Aria and I imagine elsewhere on the Strip.   Our first meal was a Sunday brunch.  At 10am in late September, it was just cool enough to enjoy our meal outside, watching an NFL game on a big screen they had wheeled out.  After much deliberation and consultation with the server, I had a salad and the lobster rolls - best meal of my whole trip.  Just amazing.  Order them, several times if you can.  They were offering an impressive Bloody Mary menu... not our thing but I'm sure many others would love to add smoked gouda or bacon or beef broth to their Maries.  We instead ordered fancy $11 seasonal fest draft beers - a deceptively great deal considering the $8 Bud Lights everywhere else on the Strip.    Second meal: dinner.  After demolishing the toasted pretzel appetizer, I couldn't finish the second half of my grilled cheese panini with brie and bacon.  I do consider myself a connoisseur of both soft pretzels and brie sandwiches - I can't emphasize enough how good these were.   Third "meal": late afternoon happy hour.  TE PUB offers a decent Happy Hour for Vegas standards (somewhat decent for DC standards): 3-6pm and 10pm-??, half-price draft beer, $1 wings, $2 oysters, $3 sliders.  I hated the Woodchuck Pumpkin Reserve I ordered (who can drink that nonsense?), and my awesome waitress replaced it no charge.  Three of us shared some wings - perfectly tender and seasoned - but in retrospect I regret not getting the soft pretzels again.   Laid-back ambiance, the kind of place I would love to frequent in DC, a nice break from the "chic" of the Aria and the general excess of Vegas.
How oh how have you been hiding from me!!?  Everything about the lobster roll is mouth-orgasmic... Including the roll ( So be careful anti-carbs-citizens)! The grilled cheese bacon panini is p horrifically amazing!   I dare you to try it
We went in on a Thursday night. The service was AMAZING! Matt was the bartender and he was super helpful and cool. He recommended the lobster rolls and they were pretty good. They were a little heavy on the bread and claw meat but overall pretty good. We also had the corn dogs and wings. Both were very good. Beer selection is not great, but I'm not a fan of any imported beer. I just have a taste for American beer I guess, but overall, a great place to spend a low-key evening in Las Vegas.
Honestly the worst experience we had in Vegas.  Waitstaff was SUPER slow. It took us an hour and a half to eat sub par food.  My girlfriend ordered a salad to start and beef sliders. I ordered the Carvery - beef brisket on sourdough.  An hour after we ordered, drinks long gone and waitress nowhere to be found the food shows up. No dressing on the salad.  Sliders were bland. Meh.  The Carvery 8oz of brisket and 2 pieces of sourdough that they couldn't be bothered to toast, and 2 minuscule little sides of sauces - (you get to choose 2) was underwhelming. How bout some fixings, tomatoes, lettuce, what not to maybe make a sandwich? It also came with some gross pickled veggies.  BOTTOM LINE: Skip it and do tapas next door
Great lunch spot, we got a table outside and the people watching was wonderful!  My husband's brisket platter was fantastic, my lobster cobb salad was just so-so.  Good, reasonable wine list.  I can't drink beer, I'm allergic to yeast :(, but the beer list is awesome!  Good service despite being very busy.  Definitely recommend for a casual lunch.
We have been to PUB a couple of times now.  On both occasions we have eaten and also taken on the 7 second beer challenge.  The beer challenge is a lot of fun - you used to be able to select form any beer on the - very extensive menu - but now you are limited by price to only certain beers - and you have 7 seconds to down your pint.  If you succeed you get the beer for free (limit of two) if not, you have to pay for it.  I would recommend that you pick a less gassy beer (my favorite is Boddington's, very smooth).  As for the food, we have tried 5 or 6 of the entrees (as our last visit was in a large group) and it really wasn't that great - sometimes it has been the flavors, sometimes the "secret" ingredients that aren't listed on the menu but come as garnishes on the plate.  Their fries are pretty good (sweet, steak and frites) so I would say get a side of those.  The food prices are a few bucks more than I think are reasonable and on any future visits I think we will stick to just some drinks and eat elsewhere.  I suppose it is just our taste in food as we ate at Todd English's "Olive" in Bellagio on a previous trip and didn't much care for that either.
I love this place but there is one Bartender that odd. I think his name is Mark. Anyway he can cock block with the best of them! Watch out boys is your looking for a date!
I  like to concept of a casual pub, especially in a higher end hotel/shopping mall.   For my first visit here, my co workers and I came in for lunch and I had the chicken pot pie. I know it is usually better to have more meat or protein in dishes,  but there was way too much chicken in this pot pie.   My second visit, I had a  variety of  their carved meats. The carved meats were good and they came with more than 6 sauces as a spread. Part of the carvery meats, you also get rolls, so you can make your own sandwich if that's how you like it.   Overall, it's a nice restaurant to get casual food.  I am meaning to come back to check out their happy hour..... $1 oysters, can't beat that.
Was in Vegas a couple of weeks ago and stayed at Aria.  We decided to try Pub since we've liked Todd English's restaurants before.  The restaurant was really noisy and packed for a monday night, but that didn't detract from anything.  I started off with a couple of appetizers.  First we had the fried oysters with a scallion aioli.  The oysters were huge, plump, succulent, and perfectly fried.  We also had a mussels appetizer, which was also tasty.  For the main course, I had the lobster roll.  While tasty, the bread was a little greasy.  I also ordered a side of the bubble and squeak.  Now, this dish I did not care for.  It tasted like it had too much wine in it that was not cooked out, leaving a raw alcohol taste, which was not very palatable.
My wife and I ate there last Saturday.  We were pressed for time and they got us in, fed and out just in time to make our show.  The food was pretty good.  I had the carvery chicken and enjoyed it.  My wife had the bangers and mash and thought it was just ok.
Had lunch on Friday 11/2.  Great experience, very cool Pub interior, tables with taps!  We sat outside in a very pleasant atmosphere.  Service was perfect, attentive and informative but not intrusive.  Fish and chips may have been the best I have had outside of London.  Highly recommend it.
I have tried Fish and Chips at pretty much all the English pubs in Vegas.   Even though the price was really high, I did that again.  Ouch! It sucked really bad.... It wasn't crispy at all (it was more like fritter) and the cod was very thin. Very greasy (I know all fried food is greasy - but in this case, the oil they use is bad, I guess). Not fresh at all (maybe frozen fish?).   I also ordered a pint of Guiness draught - it was like 18 bucks or something,,, super ridiculous! Wasn't taste good either (meaning it wasn't fresh).   I'd rather go to Irish Pub in Mandalay Bay. Food is better, price is cheaper, and Guiness draught is much better.   My server was super slow and bitchy, btw.   FDP.
I've passed this restaurant multiple times over previous Vegas trips and not once I stepped inside it until two weeks ago.   This is a surprisingly good casual restaurant in the otherwise heart of Aria casino. I would never expect this casual-yet-classy restaurant to be here. It reminds me of home and local bars. The food is top-notch. I ordered a hot dog and my girl ordered the lobster rolls.   It was too much food for the both of us but we still finished it. It was all good... I also ordered a pear cider to wash it down. It still a bit pricey for American food (think Denny's but extremely hgh-end quality menu's) but I'm glad I gave this a shot.
The waiter was extremely friendly and attentive, the beer selection was good but not fantastic, the food was quite good.  The lobster roll was really good and so was the corned beef sandwich.  I'd recommend picking on of those specials they have where you choose the type of meat and bread and the you make your own sandwich.  The price was on the high side but i believe they run special happy hours regularly so if you don't mind the crowd you can go there during those times.
Deep down, I was hoping to glimpse the model-gorgeous owner, Todd English. After meeting him at his original Olives in Boston at a private function that he hosted, I still remember what a gracious host he was...even though I couldn't get past how good looking he is in person. Ok...oh yes, I was going to write a review on The Pub...  Fresh fresh seafood  - as soon as you walk in, you see the shrimp and oysters on ice. Raw bar heaven.  Great beer selection; moderately priced and great service. Skinny and fat french fries; you have your choice; I like that!  Tuna = have it a lot of ways and each way is excellent. Our table had tuna three different ways: the burger, the ahi tuna on wontons, the tuna stack. Outstanding!  Very busy. This is a place where you can get in/out in an hour, catch a show, blow your money at the tables and then come back again in the morning for their killer Bloody Mary.  Great buzz, open kitchen, clean. Loved it. Easy to see how you could come here a couple times a day. Next time, maybe Todd will be there...or at his Olives inside Bellagio!
Cool restaurant atmosphere and tasty food. I like the option to build your own sandwich with bread, meat, sauces and side. You'll definitely be able to make a combination that suits your tastes.
Went here for a very quick happy hour special, 3 hours before our flight.  $1 wings - pass on these, they're not very good. $20 = flight of beer and sliders 4x 5oz flight - excellent! Beers are high quality and the four in our flight were not even listed in our extensive menu. and 3 sliders = cheesesteak, asian slaw + salmon, turkey; all were excellent and very filling together.   Service was just OK; we felt neglected and it took a long time for our food come out. However, it was very busy for a weekday afternoon, and the complimentary gorgonzola popcorn at the beginning kept us occupied while we waited for a server.
The service here was really slow. They host was hilarious and very friendly but everything took a really long time. For Vegas the one good thing was they had a $3 beer special so that was nice to see. I got the soft pretzels and my friend got the corn dog puppies. It is a really pricey lunch menu so we were a little disappointed in that for pub food.
Descent microbrew.  My sliders were pretty good.  She got the chicken pot pie which was soupy and disappointing.   I'd like to give them a better review but sending out chicken soup with some puff pastry on top shows a lack of quality.
Excellent variety of ciders with an awesome happy hour.  Well, awesome because it brought the drinks down to a reasonable price. The happy hour food specials were pretty tasty too.  If you order the pretzels make sure you have someone to share them with.  The staff were all very fun and chatty.  I'll def hit this happy hour up next time I'm in town.
Tasty and fun.  You can't get much better than that.  Came here before a show on a Friday night around 7:30.  Wait wasn't bad at all.  They have a pretty extensive beer list, but I didn't partake as I was already happy from the happy hour at Comme Ca if you know what I mean.  The food was so yummy!  I got the shepherds pie and the beef/pork ragu was probably one of the best shep pie fillings I've had.  My husband got this pastrami burger that was so big, my TMJ acted up when I took a bite.  You know a burger's good when your jaw unhinges trying to get it.  The pastrami on that burger was surprisingly very peppery.  My brother's girlfriend got the amazing and legend-waitforit-dary grilled cheese sandwich.  It was huge, cheesy, melty, and made with brie.  She wolfed that whole thing down and she only weighs like 100 pounds.  The fries, both the skinny and steak cut, were cooked to perfection.  Had a great time, but can't give it 5 stars because of three things: 1.) The floor is super slippery and when you have heels on and are a little sloshed, this is not good. 2.) There is a bathroom attendant...........really?  At a pub? 3.) The prices are pretty steep for the type of food being served, but, hey, it's the Strip.
2 years on and still very good.  Can you drink a beer in 7 seconds?  This is where the Hendrick's Martini became the go to.  The guys behind the bar know their sh!t and make the place more fun.
This review is based on a brunch, here's the breakdown:  Food: 3/5 Atmosphere: 3/5 Service: 2/5  Food- I ordered the corned beef, potato, with egg on top skillet.  I found it to be pretty bland.  The corned beef itself was good but the potato cubes had no flavor.  I thought the egg on top was going to be a sunny side up egg, but it seems to have been over cooked and was more of a sunny side up hard boiled egg.  My wife had the cured salmon bagel tacos and they were pretty good and creative.  We also had a side of pickles (different flavors), I expected something like a New York deli pickles but there didn't seem to be much variety in the group.  Atmosphere- It is loud in here.  This is a hotspot for the hangover crowd (their specialty is organic bloody mary's).  The decorum is simply...pub.  Service- We waited about 10 minutes before our waitress made it over.  When my wife asked what cure salmon was ( I had already told her it was cold smoked salmon but she didn't believe me) the waitress replied that it was grilled.  When we got the dish it was indeed cold smoked salmon.  To say the least, service is lacking... we saw the waitress just before as it was time to see the bill the second time.  Prepare to fend for yourself.  Would I come back?  Maybe
i would say its good but not 5 star amazing.  i had the seafood stew.  i liked it but it was a little salty for me but it was good.  the fatty fries are really good.  they remind me of KFC wedges.  they had happy hour $1 wings but it was $1 per wing and it was small.  my friend had the portobello mushroom burger and she was surprised when it came.  she expected a mushroom on top of the patty but the mushroom WAS the patty.  so the entire burger is a veggie burger.
First off we get there right at time it opens we were seated and got our drinks.  We ordered. And waited and waited.  Nothing. And waited.  Nothing.  Finally we flag our waiter down and he's like I'm so sorry ill go check.  As we look around everyone who came in after us already got their food. No worries they will get it.  So we finally get it. It was cold.  Like it was sitting out for over 40 min (our wait time after ordering).  So we tell the waiter he apologizes. They bring it back.   Still cold. We decide we can't eat this and we ask for the check.  The waiter asks us if we are doing good and Howe food was we tell him and he apologizes. The manager comes and apologizes and comps our meal  It looked good but too cold to eat. Maybe we give it another chance one day but not right now.
$40 for a pitcher of Strawberry Lemon Mojito was a total rip off. The pitcher came half full of ice which totally diluted all the buzz we were hoping for. The oysters were also dry. Rather disappointing.
Lobster Rolls!!!   So good!  Fun place to go with a group when you first arrive in Vegas.  Make your party compete in the "Down your beer in 7 seconds" contest.  If you do it, your beer is free!  Good way to start the trip.  Bit of advice... The Bodingtons ale goes down the smoothest.  Shhh, that can be your little secret.  More advice, get the lobster rolls... and the fried pickles.  Mmmmmmm.
Oysters!
I tripped across this place while looking for somewhere to eat. I read the menu and saw they had 'Firestone' Beer, that was all I needed to see. The food was pretty good. I ate at the bar so service was prompt. I looked through their other beers and was extremely impressed. They have the Best beer selection in all of Las Vegas that I've seen so far. It is pretty expensive though. I highly recommend this place any anyone who knows good beer.
Very good food and good beer.  Cozy atmosphere, and good service.  Felt like good ole Chicago.
We enjoyed the late night happy hour and had some wonderful food.  Mini Corn Dogs and Oysters for Rob, we shared Sliders and then I also had the Bangers and Mash because of my heritage, I just had to try their version.  The service was EXCELLENT and the atmosphere was jovial but not too loud (weeknight and late at night maybe?).  We will return.  Also check out the water cyclones in the Crystals shopping center, they are a blast.
Well this experience couldn't shake a stick to the last one...  We went to lunch here b/c we were wanted to shop at the largest Louis Vuitton in North America located in the Crystals Mall. It was this place or Wolf Gang Puck's in the center of Crystals.  My personal belief is anyone who eats here is either staying at Aria [very high end] or shopping at Crystals [extremely high end] b/c the restaurant sits right b/w the two locations and there's no real access from the street [so you have to be looking for it to find it]. Also, parking is very tricky, there's no lot close to it, so you are forced to walk through the mall or Aria to get to this location.  We walked in and it was freezing cold in here, like lower than 60 degrees b/c it was 60 outside and it was almost unbearable. [Strike 1]  Then we got accosted and I mean accosted by the horrible, terrible, kill your puppy and eat it, eh-music. It was like Deathstar meets headbanging and it was LOUD so very very LOUD, it hurt my ears, my little brain rattled in my own head.  I think maybe the Devil was speaking to me, but I'm not exactly sure. [Strike 2]  So we mentioned to our waiter, Eric, that the music was pretty bad and very loud. He completely agreed and proceeded to tell us it was the Chef's personal iPod playing. [Strike 3--what manager allows this to happen?] The music was so bad we started screaming to one another [b/c that's the only way you could hear each other] to name that tune...then Shazam came out!  Here's a selection of the music that was being played at a high end restaurant at 11:15 am -- Barracuda- Heart, I am the highway- Audioslave [wha wha who?], The Doors [can do!], and STP [Here I come a little much at 1130 am but will work over Marilyn Mansion "we're all stars in the dope show"--not kidding!].    Now, we were probably one of the only tables not dressed in business suits and not over the age of 40...I can assure you this cannot be the music that a business lunch wants to hear or even notice, b/c you could not NOT notice it.  Eric did get them to turn it down...which only alleviated the issue slightly.   Onto the Food-   --We ordered the pickle basket for $7, it was delicious, reminded me of something Carnegie gives you for *free* to start your meal...so keep that in mind. --They also brought warm popcorn over which was tasty, so ask for that early, the bar [not our table] had peel and eat peanuts.   --One lady in our party ordered the Caesar Salad, looked nice, too much dressing, priced at $17, which is a little steep for a salad at lunch. Thank God we got that awesome music! --I ordered the lobster rolls, butter and Aioli on the side, priced at $24. In the Yelp pix these things look huge, in actuality they are about 1.5 inches long and maybe stuffed w/ 1-2 ozs of Lobster meat, thank baby Jesus for the Coleslaw and pickles or else I would've left hungry.  I would not order them again for a meal, maybe a starter if you had 3 people. They were appetizer size in my opinion. They came w/ kettle chips which I let others at the table eat. I also ripped some of the bread away from the sandwich b/c the ratio of bread to lobster was like 3:1. --We also got the lamb carver sandwich with sourdough, horseradish sauce and black truffle mayo--excellent choice, probably the best choice at the table $18. Lamb was done perfectly, a little on the rare side, and was moist and flavorful.  Choices of sauces was excellent as well. It came with pickled cauliflower [gross], I think a better side choice is in order here. --Our other co-worker, who is preggers, was dying for the foot-long hotdog priced at $16. She ate the whole thing and seemed to enjoy it.   So in summation, would I go back, NO I'd try something else.
Terrible Lobster Rolls, Solid Ahi Tuna and free beer if you chug it in under 7 seconds. Oddly enough, I kind of liked Todd English Pub, but not enough to give it 4 stars.  Good spot for beers if you're trapped at the Aria for 6 days and don't have much interest in venturing out
Sorry--this review will be pretty narrowly-focused, but with good reason.  This place makes a slow-cooked beef brisket that's perfect.  So many places make briskets that are chewy and dry.  The brisket here had the tenderness and flavor that only comes with very slow cooking.  If you like brisket and you're in LV, go here.  Other food was great but a bit heavy.  Atmosphere as you'd expect--lots of tv's, lots of people.  Wait staff was well-informed and friendly.  Service was prompt--maybe a little too prompt.  We got our food very soon after ordering it.
Do you enjoy being ignored?  By nearly very employee?  Standing at the door having numerous employees look through you as they saunter by to lean against the bar to have a chat with the bartender?  Finally having to ask someone about seating and being told, before 11 pm on a Saturday night, that the kitchen is closed?  Me neither.  So this isn't a review on their food, it's a review on the utter disdain their employees have for their customers, or in this case, a never was, never will be customer.  My husband grew up in Vegas, we've been back here frequently to visit family and have eaten at a number of restaurants in every category from hole in the wall to 3 star Michelin and I can say with utmost certainty it was the worst experience I've ever had.  Meh.  With such limited late night dining in the deserted Crystals, I imagine PUB will go the way of Beso in five, four, three.....
Sometimes you just want a nice beer in Vegas, and it turns out this place wedged between Aria and Crystals was a solid choice for some afternoon libations. We actually came here twice during our weekend trip, and it was a solid choice for both food and a wide beer selection (I think we even had champagne?). The style of the restaurant is fun -- it's got that modern pub look that's not trying too hard to look old, and there is a great little patio area for people watching. Although we did get some odd looks for sitting out there, but hey December in Vegas is basically summer to Seattleites like us!   One word of warning: if you're planning on using your Aria dining credit here you technically can't. I only found this out after checkout that the credit only applies to restaurants "in Aria." After about a half-second of stating my confusion to the customer service associate said not to worry about it and applied the credit anyway. So it worked out in the end, but c'mon, half of this bar is basically in the hotel and they are all under the MGM umbrella anyway.
Average. I've had the burger as well as the seafood stew. Both were good, but nothing out of the ordinary. What irked me about the restaurant is the service. I was contemplating giving a 2 star simply due to the ridiculously terrible service. The waiter today was nonchalant and simply going through the motions of appearing to be helpful. The manager was the worst. Our table of six and the table behind us were watching the bear's game. With only 8 minutes left in the game, it got switched to some other game that was just starting. It took them about 10 minutes to switch it back and the manager insisted that all ten of us have been watching the other game this entire time and that the game has not been switched. Seriously?? You're going to question the judgment of 10 of your paying guests and refuse to change the channel when you are supposed to be a sports bar? Ridiculous.
WOW the best brown butter lobster roll.  Everything about it is perfect.  How can I get this in San Francisco?  BTW, comes with good slaw too. Highly recommended!
So disappointing. The service was horrible. Beer tap selection was sad. Had an Old Guardian because it was somewhat interesting. Food? Our server forgot to order it. The "frickles" and fries were so-so. Save your money and find a Sin City Brewing Co. Station instead.
I am not a big fan of all of the restaurants on the strip with famous chefs names on them.  But this place looked interesting on the outside and i was craving a burger so i decided to stop in.  A buddy and i sat at the bar and decided to order a few burgers.  Our bartender was awesome and accommodating.  I am a huge fan of pickled foods so i ordered the new Amsterdam.  Burger, Swiss, sauerkraut, and pastrami. All of my favorite things.  But i could not taste any of them cause of the damn brioche bun that is all the new rave these days.  It just mutes all of those amazing pickled flavors i should have been tasting.  The burger is too big to fit in any normal persons mouth.  When i go to eat a burger i want to taste ground beef that is seasoned perfectly throughout and whatever else i choose to top it with.  All i got was brioche bun which is so filling and taste muting.  I had a few fries but i was stuffed by the burger.  It is a fun restaurant i will give it that, everyone was having a great time i just want to know what happened to the sweet tasting soft buns that let one taste the burger!
Good bloody Mary bar; not $16 good, but good. Great strawberry mojito; well worth whatever I paid for it. They drew me in with their fried bologna sandwich. Totally gross, I know. In my defense, I grew up with fried bologna sandwiches and have nostalgic memories attached. The bologna wasn't fried enough for my taste! The Texas toast was too buttery and way too much mayo.
Eleanor the bartender: fuckin' awesome. Period.
Came here for happy hour on our last day in Vegas. Can't vouch for the normal food but am a big fan of the atmosphere, drinks, and "finger" food. They have $1 wings, $2 oysters, and $3 sliders during happy hour. The wings and oysters were pretty good -- oysters also came with horseradish and a delicious vinegar sauce.   They have a pretty good drink menu with a huge selection of beers. The strawberry mojito is delicious!! Get a pitcher for $40 and split it with friends. A few people at our table also got adult milkshakes which were pretty good, but apparently not as good as the regular milkshakes.  Atmosphere is very casual.. we were there on a football day and the entire restaurant/bar got super loud. Overall a great place to hang out with friends.
Todd English P.U.B., like most Vegas Strip eating establishments is totally overpriced for what you get, but, whatever, you're on vacation, live it up. The fish and chips were excellent and huge portions. I wish I had requested skinny french fries instead of the wedges that it comes with, because it was a bit much. The reviewer who posted a photo of his fish and chips had a very different experience than I and my dinner companions did. We easily had twice as much food on our plates. The lobster rolls was AMAZING and something I still dream about... They went the deliciously decadent butter method versus the gross mayonnaise method which I full support. Also, a huge selection of beers. The decor, had a bit too much of an "American Pickers" theme going on, but it was still pleasant.
Great bartender! (Crystal F. is very professional, and she effortlessly charmed every bar patron, including me!)   New Amsterdam burger/sandwich is great! Fried pickles and beers too.   Grilled cheese left a lot to be desired, as did disappointing fried oysters. Overpriced generally but not at all unreasonable for hotel prices.  Happy hour pricing makes a big difference! One of the better options at Aria.
Came here during our annual Christmas vacation and the service and lobster rolls did NOT disappoint! We forgot to have dessert, maybe too many oysters on happy hour! BUT we love this place and the staff is so awesome! on our list for must stop in Vegas!
The brown butter lobster rolls are literally the best lobster rolls I have ever had in my life--lobster rolls are my favorite food, I get them everywhere. Along with $2 oysters, who could ask for anything more? The service is phenomenal. The atmosphere is great. Come and eat here! Immediately! A perfect lunch stop. Charlie, Mariel, Crystal are PHENOMAL!
Good drink selection and service,  The a prime Rib Chili was good, not great.  If it were chunky style - with someway to tell he meat was actually prime rib, it old have been better.  Campbell's Chunky Steak chili is as good, if ot better. Overall, a good experience.
We went to Todd's four out of five nights on our most recent trip to Vegas.  And almost stayed an extra day just to go again.  No joke.  Where do I start? 7 Second Beer -- can you drink a pint in about 7 seconds?  If so, and if you pick one $10 or less it's free  Up to two per day.  Go with Boddington's or another nitrogen-charged beer.  It goes down more smoothly.  But don't break the glass when you slam it down on the bar.  The bartenders will hate you and you'll bleed everywhere.  Apparently this actually happens.  Pastrami -- best pastrami I've ever had.  Ever.  Best pastrami ever.  It is sinfully juicy yet not visibly or tactile-y {is that a word?} fatty.  Great peppery bark and just the best thing ever on rye with the horseradish and mustard trio.  The pickles that are served with it {cauliflower, cucumbers and such} are also incredible.  Not too tangy or salty.  OMFG  An 8 ounce portion is enough to share and share you should; you want to save room to try other stuff.  Pastrami burger -- one of the top three burgers I've ever had  It looked I seriously {seriously} thought my pescatarian fiance would break down and take a bite.  It was a perfect rare/mediurm rare and beautifully red in the middle  The flavor was outstanding and while it was topped with goodies, the meat really stood up on its own.  The fries with black truffle aioli were also great but were totally overshadowed by the burger  Mussels -- best mussels I've ever had.  Inappropriately good.  Like pornographic.  You get a huge pile of large, perfectly cooked, perfectly tasty oysters.  Not remotely chewy.  And the sauce - oh, the sauce!!!  Ask for extra bread to soak up the brothy, tomatoey goodness  Holy mother of all things delicious.  Pretzel stick thingies with cheese sauce -- came out piping hot and great for absorbing those ill-advised shots after making friends with every bartender in the house    Fish and chips -- the best fish and chips we have ever had.  Again - not kidding  The fish {cod?] was huge.  Like over a foot long.  And probably three inches thick.  And beautiful and flaky and fresh and flavorful.  Served with fantastic cole slaw {different from the cole slaw with the lobster rolls???}.  And fat fries  de-freakin-licious.  Lobster rolls -- the "worst" food item we tried.  Meaning it wasn't the best or among the best of that item we had ever tasted.  Our only complaint was that it was too saucy.  Would have preferred to been able to taste more of the huge lobster pieces stuffed into the brioche style buns.  They came with great cole slaw.  Think KFC but way less mayonaissey and way fresher.  Beer -- a freaking fantastic beer selection.  One of the top three I can think of in terms of scope, quality and size.  Don't know what you're doing?  Ask for a recommendation from the bartenders.  They know their trade  Maybe try a cask ale.  Nom nom nom.  Interested in Coors Light?  Go kill yourself.  Or you'll be the guy down the bar who was literally laughed at by the bartender.  Happy hour -- whaaaaat?  They have two.  I think one is from 4-7 and the other is from 10 - ???  Half price drafts.  This means you can get outstanding beers are very reasonable prices  $1 wings, $2 oysters and $3 sliders.  The oysters are always $2, but whatever  The wings were fairly small but very tasty and served with a chunky blue cheese.  The oysters were also not huge, but of good quality and served with some of the hottest horseradish I have ever had.  And also with straight up seaweed, son.  Eat it.  The slider was a good size and high in quality.  Also not cooked to a crisp.  I dipped it in my leftover wing blue cheese.  Awww yeah.  Bartenders -- they are GREAT here.  Super friendly and super knowledgeable.  Tip them well because you will be going back and back and back if you know what's good for you.  Marielle {sp?}, Tom and Ashley primarily took care of us during our most recent visits.  They are just the best    A few things to note:  There are dining tables with built in taps that keep track of how much you've poured, to the 1/10th pint.  Help yourself.    There are bathroom attendants.  Probably the only thing I don't like about Todd's, but the attendants were friendly and not really annoying.  Did I mention seven second beers?  A bunch of TVs with at least two big screens on each side of the bar to catch the game
We've been to Pub probably half a dozen times.  We recommend it to friends who are in town and they never report back negatively.  As many yelpers note, the carved meats are fantastic here.  The prime beef with horseradish sauce and blue cheese is my wife's staple order now.  It's the best roast beef I've eaten.  I get many things, but the macaroni and cheese is a winner.  The lobster rolls are another repeat order for us, and we've loved them every time.  I've never had anything off of the raw bar, but I've heard good things.  The beer list is expansive and pricey, but it's in the heart of the Strip so that's to be expected.  But, there are several options for ordering.  Fantastic atmosphere, fun place, and excellent food.  Definitely come to Pub.
Great menu and atmosphere.  Awesome beer selection.  Steve is an awesome waiter
it's tough to find a quality place in a new casino in vegas and not overpay,,,after a bit of looking I believe this is the place. good happy hour, great food and selection make his place a home run @ the Aria casino
I will keep this short....Ate here for lunch. Most of the food was a 4 but the service was a 2 hence my 3 star rating. Got seated right away then we just sat, and sat and sat. They we sat and waited for drinks and then we waited forever for food that all came out at different times. Then we sat about 10-15 waiting for our check after we asked our waitress for it.   I will most likely not repeat visit this establishment
Vegas buffets are glorious and all, but i didn't feel like losing all self-esteem before going out one particular night, so I came to check out Todd English P.U.B. Good food. Great beer selection. Tons of TV to watch any games while you eat. However, prices will keep me from visiting this place too often in the future.  The environment is loud and fun. I really liked the place mats because they had quotes praising the awesomeness of alcohol. My favorite was by Frank Sinatra saying "I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day."   Now the food. We came for happy hour, so the sliders and oysters are HH prices.  Sliders ($3) - The meat is cooked great, which is sometimes hit and miss when dealing with sliders. The buns are soft and buttery. Great slider, but 3 dollars is a steep price to pay for such a small thing.  Oysters ($2) - I was unimpressed with the oysters. They didn't taste fresh, and it felt really water-y. No brine-y or sweet burst of flavor. The cocktail sauce was good, but I think a good oyster needs to be able to stand on its own.  Lobster Roll ($24) - Soft, toasty and buttery texas toast. Succulent lobster meat. The lobster roll was fantastic. Again, the price is steep at $24, but of the three things I tried, the lobster roll was the most worth the price.  Also, beers are half priced during happy hour, which is great because the selection is extensive.
Their take on nachos was really tasty. It has one of those menus where I just want to order everything! We had great service here. Great interior design too that doesn't feel like you're in a mall, even though you basically are.
Lots of food choices... and they are delicious. Some our group tried and loved... brie and bacon grilled cheese, fried oysters, fried pickles and sliders. Food good... service... not soo good. Slow and they dont seem to care. But if u can get beyond that.. food is good.
I can't speak to any food here other than the dirty chips, or the naughty chips, or the filthy chips, or whatever they are called, except to say that you should get them.  Get. Them.  You and your cardiologist will thank me later.  They are plenty for two to share and they are insanely good.  I stuffed myself silly with them and would have eaten another full order if I had been wearing sweat pants with Spandex and didn't care about living maybe just a few years longer.  The drink menu is frankly so varied and extensive as to be incredible and the prices are high for just about all food and drinks on the menu, but you're in Las Vegas so I don't want to hear whining about high prices.  If you pay a lot and get quality in return, I'm ok with that.  Last, the music is insanely, ridiculously, offensively, needlessly and obnoxiously loud.  If I ever return, I'm going to sit out on their little exterior patio (which is outside of the restaurant shell even though you are still in a covered mall).  which is too bad because the interior of this joint is attractive.  I am not into shouting and losing my voice over a plate of raunchy chips just because some a-hole thinks painfully loud and bad music equals "excitement" or something.    Just sit on the patio, get the heinous chips, order some drinks, and enjoy.
I have been here several times with friends and family. This is one great place for beer, food and a fun time!  They have a wide selection of beers and they even have the table where you can pour your own beer! How fun is that! I tried several of their dark beers last time I was there and I certainly will return for their Gluten free beer, what an intrresting concept.   For food, I enjoy fried pickles lots! The tsweetness and sourness match perfectly with the cripsy outside. Another appetizer is the duck buns. The bun seems a bit too much but the duck is juicy and delicious. Main course I like the beef brisket and prime ribs in their bbq section. . Lamb chop is a great choice too but unfortunately they do not have mint jelly. My all time favourite is the shepherd's pie which is a must order !
Lobster rolls with brown butter? Yes, please!!!  Wings and fish and chips were tasty, too.  Only off note was the mussels which were ice cold on top and thermonuclear at the bottom due to the wrong shape serving bowl.  The order was immediately replaced and the second batch was perfect.  Shana the bartender was great and mixed a mean spicy bloody.  Will be back soon.
I honestly enjoyed our experience here at Todd English. We went there during lunchtime at a weekday.   Blanco Sangria Pitcher for $30.00 was fruity and refreshing (YUM) 4 Raw Oysters - Fresh! Lobster Rolls and Chips (So ummmy) Seafood Soup (Kinda Chowder like) Good  Bill total was $92.+  Our server Melissa was awesome. We were seated at a quiet corner overlooking the kitchen. It was fun seeing the dynamics of how their kitchen work. We enjoyed our lunch here.. or did the Sangria just kick in???
Expensive Pub food, but the quality and service are outstanding.  We arrived for Happy Hour and had oysters, nachos, and shrimp.  It was a great experience.  The atmosphere is sports bar like and the beer selection provided plenty of options.  I will definitely check out Todd English P.U.B. next time I'm in Las Vegas.
OMG I wish I could come back soon to eat everything else on the menu.  Its high end bar food for sure, the lobster roll was the best I had.  Great beverage selection and dont forget to make your own bloody mary!
The food gets expensive here quickly, but the service is flat out outstanding. This became our favorite place to hang out in Vegas because it was so comfortable. Good beer specials if you like IPAs. Wine Wednesday is a great deal. But I keep coming back to how well our servers and bartenders treated us when we came in. They're friendly and they care.
Best sweet potato fries and ranch in Vegas, hands down!  Stumbled upon this place after wandering around Aria and City Center on our first night in Vegas and the P.U.B. won over my fiance in a hurry.  Came in for some delectable brews and of course, these sweet potato fries.  Tried a multiple number of drinks and each one was delicious!  The Mead is FANTASTIC... especially for people like me who aren't into hoppy and bitter beers.  Also the Strawberry Lambic Mojito is delicious and I highly recommend it for anyone who wants something less brewy and more cocktaily. Oh, but I haven't even told you the best part.  LATE NIGHT HAPPY HOUR is the jam!  Great drink specials and good deals on appetizers.  YES PLEASE!!  The food is pretty good too...we obviously came back for more than just fries before we left Vegas (very helpful that we were staying at Vdara).  Split a chicken sandwich for lunch - definitely splitable for two people without enormous appetites.  Topped off with a couple of drinks and we were in business.  The Bloody Mary's were all the rage on Saturday afternoon for brunch but I'm not a Bloody Mary drinker myself so I passed.  I will say though, I wouldn't have another Oyster Shooter there... incredibly disgusting.  Washed it down with my Strawberry Lambic Mojito and I was A-OK!  Love love love and HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
This was absolutely delicious! A little more expensive than I anticipated, but well worth it. Their selection of adult beverages were great. Will have to try to go again during happy hour so I don't break my wallet. I had the Chicken Potstickers, my husband had the duck buns, and his booking manager had the soup.
Always packed, great beer selection, and the food isn't too bad either! The 2nd best beer bar on the strip! Surprisingly they had a few Cask Ales to choose from, which is a rarity within the Las Vegas area... so naturally, with that enhancement, it bumped it up from a 3 star to a  4 star...  I would very much like to see some more promo's for the locals however.. the nickel beer night was a huge hit... but they unfortunately got rid of it :-(
Came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon, got seated right away. Ordered the braised clams and corned beef,  Food came about 10 min after I ordered.  Never really been to this kind of styled pub before.  The food would've been good if I had a few beers on an empty stomach.  I guess this isn't a place I would normally go to. A little to salty for my taste.  The service was pretty good our server was attentive :)  I probably wouldn't come back . Just not my kinda place
This was the perfect end to a tiring day in Las Vegas - good beer, tasty food, and fun atmosphere.  We had to wait by the bar for about 30 minutes before getting a table, but it was fine with us to have a drink and take time to read over the rest of the beer and food menus. They are pretty extensive, so if you can't find something that strikes your fancy, you may need to broaden your horizons a bit...  A few people have complained in reviews about the loud music - we sat in a booth by the bar and had no problem with volume. The place was jam-packed. To me, that just says that its a popular place and people would want to be there. I've risked it with other restaurants that looked good on the outside, but my first clue should have been all the empty tables. This isn't the case with PUB - let the always-crowded dining room speak for itself! I had the prime rib sliders and oh, wow were they delicious. My husband did one of th DIY sandwich options on the menu - he had just finished the Las Vegas Half marathon, and the amounts of food and beer we got were just what he needed. Sure, the prices are higher than what you might pay at a pub in another city, but for Las Vegas, it was fantastic. If you're looking for a low-key, not too stuffy place to have some good food, good service, and good beer, this is it.
They never have the beers I want!
This place is tons of fun!  I stopped in with my family to have oysters and beer and we ended up eating and drinking for a couple of hours.   Great ambiance, friendly service and good food.
Horrible Experience! We sat at the bar for dinner. The bartenders were soooo rude and arrogant. We asked if they could change the game on TV, he laughed and made fun of us. Then we were eating their peanuts and the second bartender came up and scolded us for dirtying their counter top. We decided not to tip them and as we were leaving the bartender angrily crumbled up the paper and threw it in the trash! Really? We are local residents and we have choices... On the way out the manager tried to buy our dinner, but that wasn't the point. They ruined our night...
A big "meh!" I don't see why people are raving about this place. I like bars and pubs with "beer foods" but this ain't it! Nothing I've tried impressed me. Ok, the size of the foot long hot dog was impressive (actually, it's more intimidating) but the taste left much much to be desired. The fries were mediocre. And I'm a fries lover! Pass!
A good choice for happy hour on the Strip (half off drafts, $1 wings, $2 oysters, $3 sliders from 3-6pm and 10-midnight).  The whole menu looked pretty good, but since we had late dinner plans I limited myself to only things on the happy hour menu. The sliders and oysters were the most impressive: the oysters were fresh and served with several sauces and the sliders tasted much better than your average run of the mill hamburger. The wings were pretty disappointing, very little meat and a buffalo sauce that could have easily come out of a jar. Especially at $1 each, you can definitely do much better for wings elsewhere so it's probably a good idea to avoid those altogether.  The beer selection is HUGE but slightly pricey without the happy hour discount ($10-14). Make sure to pick something that you haven't tried before. Ask your waiter for help if you need it.  If you're into chugging, make sure to go to the bar for the 7 second challenge. If you can chug a beer in under 7 seconds, they'll ring a bell for all to hear and your beer is on the house.
While in Vegas for the Super Bowl we ate at many, many good restaurants. This was one of them. Arriving for a late lunch after a morning of walking around we were quickly greeted and seated outdoors. Our waitress, Lauren, was fantastic. She was friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and beer list and lots of fun.  The menu is pub fare but the upper end of the spectrum of pub fare. K was told that the tuna burger was life-changing, N got the lobster rolls, our friend got a salad and I went with the caprese salad. While lots of things sounded good it was kind of hot and I just wanted to have something cold and light. We ordered an order of sweet potato fries for the table and Lauren had some honey mustard mixed up for us (thanks!).   We were blown away by the fantastic beer menu. Like wow. From favorites to things we can't get in Michigan but have wanted to try to things we've never heard of there was a vast selection that was organized beautifully on the back of our menu.   Everyone loved their food and all but our friend who was working and our exchange student enjoyed two beers.   The lobster rolls were voted best at the table and my caprese salad, while beautifully presented, came in last. The tomatoes just had no flavor. I'm not sure if it's not tomato season in Vegas or what but they were crazy bland. However, I can deal with such a little difference between best and worst when the best is so damn good (and had the toms been better my food would have been excellent).   We will definitely come back here the next time we're in Vegas.
Very disappointing. Only thing that saves this place is the service. Overpriced food that isn't really that good
What an awesome place!... Our waiter was super nice.. Even though I just forgot her name..lol.. SORRY!!..   Lots of fun... Make sure you go there during happy hour for discounted goodies...
I recently was in Vegas for business.  We went to the pub for lunch to meet a client and the food and service took quite a while considering we had to cancel our next meeting.  With that being said, the place was really busy.  The food was great and the atmosphere was casual.
Not impressed. Service was slow and food  was mediocre. Tacos OK. Black Bean, corn and rice had very little corn and black beans. Only positive was I get to sit outside on a nice, sunny, day.
I've always sat at the bar. Selection of drinks is good in my opinion. Bartenders have always been nice.
4 stars only because they took the dirty chips off the menu...WTF?  However, they did make them for us, but couldn't add the chicken livers...damn.  Anyway, I've been here 3 times, mainly because the beer challenge has become a tradition. Everything I've had has been outstanding.  Brown Butter Lobster Rolls are bomb! Carvery stuff is always tasty. Great oysters!  Bartenders are on point and a good draft  beer selection...overpriced, but what do you expect at the Crystals shopping area (Aria, Cosmo)?  And I'm 3 for 3 on the beer challenge.  I'll be back!
Get the duck buns. Trust me.
Solid beer selection (I'd give this a 3.5 - 4) but the food is severely lacking.  I ordered a "deconstructed sandwich" from "The Carvery" - which consisted of a handful of "Prime Beef" that was comparable to Arby's quality; two big slices of white bread that may or may not have been taken directly from a bag of wonderbread (btw this choice of bread was recommended by the waitress); along with a piece of iceberg lettuce,  a couple tomatoes, onion and some pickled vegetables...  All for a mere $25 dollars  Do yourself a favor and just grab a beer here and eat a "post deconstructed" sandwich at Earl of Sandwich at PH across the street for a quarter of the price.   I can't vouch for the rest of the menu but probably won't be back.
The checkin clerk at the Aria recommended this place and it was our first meal in Vegas.  Lobster rolls are a must have here.  They are so buttery and fresh.  The barreled beer is something to try if you never have.  Being from Portland and being an Oregon beer (Deshutes), I couldn't resist.   Warning, it comes warm and is a little bitter, but a good change if you enjoy the micros.  7 second beer drop and it's free, limit two.  Guy next to us dropped one and got it free, he wanted me to join in his second, but by no means am I a speed drinker, but he insisted and paid, but I only got through half.  The best Bloody Mary anywhere on the strip, wife made us go back three times just to get these.  We had at least one at each of the resturaunts/bars we went.  It has two entrances, one in the courtyard between Aria and Crystals, the other is inside Crystals
What a great find!  Great staff, food, and beer.  Beers a little pricey but I guess that's Vegas now.  Fried oysters and Tuna tare tare was awesome.  Lots of locals seem to come and eat at the bar alone ...
I've been here 3 times now, and tried several different menu items. Overall, this is a good place to go with some friends to have a light dinner and a couple of beers.  The items I've had: Brown Butter Lobster Rolls, Tuna Burger, Fish and Chips, Slider Sampler, deep fried oysters, and the bread pudding.  The best item is the Brown Butter Lobster Rolls. These are delicious, and they don't skimp on the lobster meat.  The rest of the items are just ok (standard pub fare) and quite frankly overpriced for what you get.  The bread pudding had potential and some interesting ingredients but just wasn't set up when I got it after quite a long wait.  One other issue I had with this place was how loud it is. I think whoever is setting the level on the music has some hearing loss! This place is not family friendly AT ALL.
Loved the Dirty chips appetizer. But they got rid of them and have a new variation on the menu. The bartender told me they could still make it- so I ordered them...not the same, they didn't have chicken livers...which I don't particularly like, but quickly found out, their flavor is important to the dish as a whole. Then the bacon was missing and they had some other stuff in them that wasn't there in the original dish. My fault for trying to force it- so I'm sad to say, the OG Dirty Chips are no more and you shouldn't try to get them to make it.   The location is perfect! easy to get to from both directions on the Strip.  I've eaten here probably 7 times and never been overly excited about any of the main dishes. They are all marginal to good- but nothing overly exciting. It's a shame.   Great beer selection and a pretty good scotch selection as well. They have a half priced happy hour from 10-12, which is nice.  Their Captain Crunch bread pudding is one of the best deserts in the world!!  So, my suggestion- go elsewhere for dinner and hit TE for drinks and sugary finish.
We walked in for a pint b/c it was HH - which is a fantastic deal! Bar was packed with diners and March Madness fans. Overheard it was just as busy at St. Pats. We got some bar seats from a couple that was leaving. So that was a plus. Not sure how long the wait was for a table.  Was in amazement at how hard everyone was working! Especially our bartender Ralph! Who you MUST seek out when your there. Honestly he earned this place its 5th star. Great atmosphere. Food looked good (we had reservations elsewhere that night).  Was coming out at a good pace. Cask conditioned beer HUGE plus! Good selection of other beers too. Everyone was having a good time. Especially entertaining to watch people attempt "the 7 second beer challenge".  And all this coming from someone who is in the biz and hard to please!
Amazing nacho's! Get a shot and stay a while, the bartenders are fast on a busy weekend. We went on the first weekend of March Madness and had a great time. PS the "7 Second Beer Challenge" is really 5.5 seconds.
Let me start with saying that I work in the Restaurant Business, I have managed several different restaurants, from pubs to fine dining.   Where do I start???  Service: My waiter, "Eric" seemed a little lost. Frantic, disorganized, and it looked like he was freaking out to the busser about condiments. You would think this would happen in the back of the house and not in front of the table he is taking care of.  Food: We ordered some appetizers, which arrived 15 minutes after our entrees. AWESOME!!! Come on....  Onion rings! don't take more than 3 minutes in the fryer.    The food was decent, I got to admit. The fish and ships tasted pretty good. Never thought to have fish at the desert. Freshly de-frosted....  Trust me, I know....   I lived in Florida, and I can tell...  Staff: I always like to walk around the place I eat at to check for organization, (old habit) and at times I learn something new...  But here, It seemed over staffed. A lot of employees just going around in circles and avoiding things that needed to be taken care of.  On my way to the restroom could not help to notice a young girl that my guess is supposed to be the polisher, just being on her phone, while one of the bussers seemed a little frustrated about resetting tables and not having anything to reset with.  I understand that reviews are intended for other people and not management, but how to transfer the message??    One more thing....  I'm sure the food runner noticed me just standing in the middle of the walkway looking at the chef. This poor guy looked overwhelmed, while 3 runners are just standing there with a pile of tickets in front of them and a row of dishes ready to be ran in the hot window...  Come on!!!!   It's frustrating to see such a place with this potential go to hell for the lack of team work.  I will go back and give it a second review....  I hope management pay a little more attention...  It's a great place, but needs tightening up...
Packed- which is why it got 4. But this is Vegas.   Great beer selection and seafood stew was very, very good.
My boyfriend and I have dined here twice! We absolutely love it. The first time, we were with a vegetarian group (his family is indian) and the P.U.B. was very accommodating! We will defiantly be going back. Their salads are just Meh... But what else should I expect from a Pub?? I wont hold that against them since their french fries are sooo yummy :)
So, when visiting Vegas I usually try and hit one of the Michelin star joints. But as I was here on bachelor party business, I was looking for something a little more loose but still with class. I found it @ Todd English P.U.B. It was busy when my friend and I arrived around 7pm on Thursday night , but we were still seated promptly. The hostess was pleasant and efficient. Our server Justin arrived promptly and helped us get down to the business of selecting one of their many beers to compliment our food. We had the lobster rolls (one of their specialties) and the server matched it with a draft I had never tried. But the combination was awesome. The manager, though walking with a cane, was all over the place, and didn't miss a beat. When our waters were getting to be a quarter full, he came by and filled them himself. At that point we asked about the people we saw from our table over at the bar counting and cheering. He told us of the "seven second challenge" where any pint of beer $10 or less, if consumed in under 7 seconds ... WAS FREE!!" Now if this is not made for a bachelor party, I don't know what is!! Our entrees arrived quickly and they were way above par. Both Justin and the manager checked on us during our meal. The energy in the place was really fun and inviting. After we finished, we went to the bar to see about this challenge ... suffice it to say that the $20 worth of free beer I chugged is the closest I have come to beating Vegas yet!!! A GREAT EXPERIENCE!!
Know what you are getting into. This place is a gimmick. But that's to be expected when visiting an "English Pub" in a casino. Let's get to the pro's and con's.  Pro's: the grilled brie and bacon sandwich was very good. My wife's grilled chicken with avocado sandwich also looked very good. Come to think of it, every meal I saw pass us looked very decent.  Con's: No getting around it, the place is supremely over-priced. Typical pint is $11.00. While drinks are expensive in Vegas, this is at the upper-end in terms of cost. Most places in Vegas serve a pint of microbrew for $7.00 to $8.00 (and one place in Palazzo had happy hour pints for $3.00). But you are going to a pub with a large selection of beers, so arguably your premium beer price is going towards having that giant beer selection.   The service is also leaves a lot to be desired. Our waiter immediately gave us a bad case of the douche chills. I ordered a pint of the cask-conditioned black butte porter and my wife ordered a pint of Magic Hat No. 9. After ordering, he went into this long story about how much he loved Magic Hat No. 9 but wishes he could find it in bottles because in his opinion bottled beer was so much better than draft. According to our waiter, the draft just seemed to "change the flavor of the beer." We thought this was a strange comment because nobody has ever tried to sell me on the idea that bottled beer is better than draft. We didn't think anything of it for the moment.  Then after he brings our beers, my wife sips her beer and comments that this beer is way stronger than Magic Hat No. 9. Magic Hat No. 9 is probably a 5.5% ABV wheat beer. She then let me sip the beer to confirm. Instead of Magic Hat No. 9, the beer was a Belgian Trippel like Chimay White. Personally, I would prefer the Chimay White to a No. 9, but my wife didn't want to start her lunch with a 9% ABV beer and wanted something light like the No. 9.   When we explained to the waiter that the beer he brought wasn't No. 9, he tried to convince us that we were wrong. If he had left it at that, we wouldn't have really had a problem because, at the end of the day, we are on vacation, and it's just a beer. We can always grab a beer somewhere else. He then tries to convince that it's the draft mechanism that has changed the flavor. He says that the previous beer on that same tap was a Cider and that the Cider "residue" combined with the Magic Hat No. 9 changed its flavor to a Belgian Trippel. Then he starts smiling and says, "see, I told you that the bottles are better than the tap," as if he were bringing his whole bottle full-circle with this experience.  Bottom line: We left with the impression that this guy knew they were out of Magic Hat No. 9 but assumed we were too stupid to know the difference between No. 9 and a Belgian Trippel.   Bottom line: my lunch was good, but the service was kind of weird. And it's a little bit cheesy, but that is to be expected in Vegas. For the money, there are better offerings on the strip. I prefer the Public House in the Palazzo. Food there is similar in quality (also kind of expensive), but the drinks are a little cheaper.
Staff could use a little more knowledge.  Great that they had a couple cask offerings, as well as a good number of draft and bottle options.  Not so great that the bartender knew name of the cask beer (Inverted), but didn't know the brewery (Deschutes), nor the style (IPA).   Happy hour $2 oysters. Decent looking presentation. Silver tray. Oysters, seaweed, horseradish, mignonette, and cocktail sauce. Large format ice cubes. Should be shaved. Total mess, toppling oysters on their side losing all of their salty liquid awesomeness.   Glass of cask IPA arrived in an attractive hurricane glass, but both times ordered, it was a complete disaster. Completely overflowed, sticky, attached napkin sadness with glass staged for leaving strategicaly placed bombing run droplets on my pants.  Complete shamefullness of a pour (pun  -ha!) and presentation. Delivered 2nd time, even after my initial (insert image of "c'mon...really dude" facial expression) combined with an immediate and albeit exaggerated lunge for a stack of cocktail napkins in an attempt to save my smartphone from a night in a ziplocked bag of raw white rice.  Overall, it's a great location with some pretty good offerings.  Just needs a little more attention to the details.
Sat at the bar and had the worst service I've ever had!!!!! This place is so overpriced its a joke!! The only good thing is the cheap oysters.
Hands down the best service, during rush hour weekend lunch. Our server, Trisha treated us like family and catered to our needs during such a busy weekend. We had party of 6 and all our drinks were topped off and she kept checking on us to make sure we were having a good time. I've been to a lot of pubs and this one ranks among thebest.
I have been here a couple of times on different visits to Vegas and both times I left well satisfied but not necessarily wowed. On both occasions hubby and I ordered the pickled vegetables which are really delicious though with their strong flavor they can be a bit much. I recommend ordering them with a group. Last time we got something from "the carvery" which is also a good option for sharing. Our last visit we were there too late for a big meal so we just stuck to appetizers and drinks. In addition to the pickles we got some wings and the corn dog bites. Both were pretty tasty.  Of course being a pub most people come to Todd English's to drink and that is where they really shine. Their list of craft beers is stellar. I really like the fact that they have a description of each one on the menu. That makes me more confident to try new ones. However, that also seems to be a crutch for the staff since our server was not familiar with them at all. We actually had to point at the ones we wanted while he wrote them down. Other than that he was pretty good but not overly friendly. We were there during March madness so there was a lively crowd clustered around the tv but the rest of the place was pretty mellow. I think this would be a good option for some late night drinks since they have a reverse happy hour from 10pm to midnight (yes, that is late for me) and a lot of bars and even restaurants on the strip get way too clubby for my taste at that hour.  Overall this place is a Vegas style (i.e. cheesy knockoff but still cool in its own way) approximation of a British pub and even though the food does not impress, it is decent. One of the cheaper options in City Center for lunch or dinner. A better choice for hanging out over drinks with friends.
Came here on a Friday night for an early dinner before a show at the Cosmopolitan Boulevard Pool.  Sat outside on the patio and was instantly greeted by our server... so we thought.  We ordered drinks and never saw her again.  Had to ask the hostess after 30 minutes if we could order some food, because our complimentary popcorn was not going to be sufficient for a night of drinking.  Our food order was taken by another server who stated there was a shift change and she would take our order for our server.  Our food was then served by another server (still not ours) who we asked for a second round from.  The second round came out by another server (finally, our server!) who completely ignored us until we had to ask(beg) him for our check. The food was bar food; which would have been ok had the service been even remotely acceptable, which it wasnt. I did leave there happier than the man who got a glass of sangria dumped on him by his server though. What a mess.
My favorite place on the strip! Great beers and food! Perfect atmosphere!
I went there last weekend and i was astonished at the prices $11 for Guinness ! daylight robbery. Tuna burger was $24 !! just overpriced. I will never step foot in that place again
LOVE it!  They have 4 pub height tables that have their own taps! They were taken so I was so jealous!!!! With their signature P.U.B. brew  They give you popcorn in a tin bucket, powdered with blue cheese, so I was quickly appeased. The mussels were amazing in a tomato base and I have got to learn how to make thin crostinis at home. The in-house made potato chips are amazing.   If you check-in here at yelp, you get a free pint of bud light!!!  Yeah YELPERS!!!
Excellent service and cool atmosphere.   Build your own Bloody Mary's to start and self pour beer taps at the table to finish. Food was great and our awesome server Trish hooked us up with to go cups to keep the buzz alive!!!  Food was bar type eats with a gourmet twist. Should have read the reviews first and tried the lobster rolls. Oh well, it's a good excuse to go back!!!
After walking around, we were pretty hot and tired and decided to try this pub that happened to be nearby.  Fortunately, it was happy hour!    When Todd's says $3 Sliders, they really mean $3 for one Slider.  One...little...burger.  What a deal.  And, when Todd's says $1 for wings, they really mean $1 for one wing.  One...little...wing.  What a steal.  On a positive note, the beer and wine was 1/2 off.  I got drunk on something called "mead" and my mom seemed to enjoy her strawberry-whatever beer.  In sum, go to Todd's for their selection of alcoholic beverages, but keep in mind that the food is mediocre and overpriced...much like the rest of Las Vegas.
Todd English P.U.B.was passable for taking out of town visitors staying at Aria. Even though they had hand crafted and self-created Bloody Marys, I still think my top 3 are: 1) LBS 2) Peppermill 3) Hash House a-Go-Go. Bloody Mary's tried: 3: 2 self-created and the Todd English Meat & Potatoes (which takes a great picture)  Fat Girl Seating: Not bad but the tables are close together. but to their credit they do have armless chairs & it is sturdy. Food: boring. It was just ok. Broad selection but their brunch menu only had 6 items. My mini-corn dogs were still cold in the middle (I'm guessing from being frozen and then warmed up) - the tacos (I shared the plate) were tasty but way too wet (3 types of sauce) - the hash looked good, but was with lox so you know I didn't partake. We  deconstructed the grilled cheese sandwich. The Parm sliders were ok but the sauce was bland..  My overall commentary: Thank the goddess it is not on my visa card. On the plus side: they have to-go cups.
Outside & Inside seating on a warm Spring evening. Promptly seated and enjoyed a free bud light for checking in ! :)   Our server was wonderful, explained the menu and options and my friends and I were pretty full by the time we reached the half way point.   Their meats are sliced, not really a burger, not really a steak   I had the Fish and Chips, which was Humongous! and the fries were nicely, LIGHTLY seasoned :)  Can't wait to come back
Seems like a cool place to chill and grab a few drinks at. Came here with some friends a few days ago while staying in Vegas and I was impressed by the look and feel of the place. They have an every day Happy Hour menu as well as beer pong and darts. They also have a 7 seconds or less challenge where you can participate in chugging a brew down in 7 seconds.. I made it in 6 ;)  Didn't get to try the food but my fiance ordered the buttered lobster rolls w/ aoli sauce and I took a bite... Not impressed. My friend who recommended the place said the burgers aren't too good so i just stuck to my free budlight you get when you check in and also tried a craft brew that was pretty good but I don't remember the name.
I am a huge fan of the beer selection and happy hour, not so much on the food. As a beer aficianado, I was impressed by the choices of beer on the menu. Not an overwhelming list, just a good list. Happy hour makes this one of the most affordable places in Vegas to drink, too. Also, Todd gives away free beer on the 7-second challenge. He cheats a little by making you start and finish with the glass on the table, which takes a second and a half out of the time, so a 5.5-second slam if you can. Good for two free beers a night. Also they have four cask beers on pump, but I was mislead by the menu when it appeared they had a custom bourbon cask beer, when in reality they have a custom bourbon, AND four cask beers but they are unrelated.  The rib-eye chili was nothing to write home about.
Good food but prices are way too much for what they offer. $20 Bloody Mary? Ehhh
Stopped in on Saturday night to grab some snacks with a friend... we were seated promptly, the service was fantastic, and the food...I can't stop thinking about. As many of the reviews have said the lobster rolls are to die for. Anyone who says differently apparently doesn't have much of a pallete. Don't get the homemade chips with blue cheese and bbq sauce, because you won't stop eating them! They are tangy and sharp and you won't want them to end. Quality ingredients on all that was ordered which included sliders and clams. I am in Vegas at least four times a year and this will become one of my regulars!
This is a place with the best service in Las Vegas! We actually felt welcomed here. They have a great beer selection and good bar food. We had their wings that were crispy and spicy, which we enjoyed but wished they were little bigger. (They were mini wings) We will be back next time when we are in Vegas again.
Wide selection of beers and World best Bloody Mary. Their BM is so fancy with wing, mini corn,  slider, cheese, olive, salami and celery. Oysters are so fresh. Definitely would come back
I probably wont be coming back here for their raw bar, but they make a pretty fantastic bloody mary. We ordered a dozen oysters from the oyster bar but they came out very dirty and not shucked well. When I asked the waiter where the oysters were from, he answered "the ocean?". I normally would've found this answer amusing, if he wasn't dead serious and couldn't comprehend the idea that I was asking for the region. But I guess at $2 per oyster you get what you pay for. We ended up not eating most of them.  We each ordered a deconstructed sandwich. I had the duck which was not bad and my friend had the lamb (which to me was pretty gamey, tho my friend didn't think so). The place has a large beer selection with a full bar as well. I had them make my spicy bloody mary with top shelf vodka and it was probably the best I've had. Although, it came out to about $19 for the drink. My friend just had a vodka on the rocks. That being said our bill came out to about $90 total for the dozen oysters, two drinks and two sandwiches.  I doubt I'd go back for a meal but may make a pit-stop to catch a drink.
3.5 stars  This is a pretty laid back place right next to Aria.  Gotta love those pub height tables with your very own tap!  Awesome.  There's a great beer selection and if you're at the bar and are up for a challenge you can chug your beer in 7 seconds and get it for free.  I guess that's cool if you think chugging a good beer is worth it.    When you sit at a table you get a small tin of popcorn to snack on.  The food is good but I think the whole thing is a bit overpriced.  Happy hour is pretty decent (good deals on beer and appetizers, although if you ask me the price of happy hour apps are probably the price they should be normally).  Good outdoor seating for those nice days.    I won't be here regularly but when I wind up here for a beer it's usually a good time.
Sure, everything looked amazing, but the taste and quality of the items we tried failed to live up to our expectations. And you're paying premium prices, to boot. First up were the "Spicy Crispy Wings". They were spicy all right - and tiny too. While the taste was excellent, the wings were perhaps the smallest I've ever laid eyes on and they were certainly not crispy - not in the least. Why name them "crispy" but then fail to serve them that way? And seven wings for $12? Fail.  Next up were the lobster rolls. A buddy of mine had posted a picture of them on Instagram a while back and they looked absolutely amazing. So good, in fact, that I knew I would try them on my next visit to Vegas. Well, they weren't nearly as good as they looked. The crab was great, but the bread seemed incredibly under-baked, almost doughy. The bread was so dense and chewy that it took away from the crab and left me with an unsettled feeling by the end of the meal. The coleslaw served with the dish was excellent. But for $24 for three small rolls, I expected more than just good coleslaw.  To sum it up, you can find much better wings and much better lobster rolls elsewhere.
This is the best customer service we experienced during our short trip to Vegas. We were mocking every "great" new place as we would experience horrible service at every single one of them. This is the first place that felt like the staff actually cared.
Stopped in for a late nosh. Best draft beer selection we found on the strip. Ate appetizers. Fired pickles, pickles, pretzels. All good.
I would love to be able to write a review of this pub and restaurant, but we have gone twice and been turned away twice, both times by hostesses who refused to be accommodating. In December, we were not seated, although there were open tables. Last weekend (May 5), we stopped by mid-afternoon for a beer and snacks on the patio.  One hostess greeted us after about 3 minutes (a long time for a patron), then left to "ask someone about outdoor seating", never to return. The next hostess greeted us 8-10 minutes after that as if we had not already been greeted. We asked for an outdoor table and she said "we don't have any". We asked "what about that four top that those people left while we have been waiting?" She said if we were willing to wait five minutes for it to be bussed, we could sit there.  What's another five minutes?  Five minutes later, we interrupted her, only to be told that there weren't enough servers on the patio to seat that table. Management, convince me to try again.  There are plenty of places in Vegas for a beer.
Would have been great except the don't accept Todd English Gift Cards ...makes No Sense to me ??
The food we had was overpriced and of the same quality that I could get at the British pub back home. We had the Ropa Vieja for an appetizer (meat was tender, and the sauce flavor was good - highlight of the meal, above average but not great). My wife ordered the Roast Chicken Pot Pie for dinner, and she was very disappointed. She called it chicken soap with a biscuit on top. The flavor was very ordinary, and the consistency was overly soupy. I had Todd's Fish and Chips. No different than at home at the Britannia Arms in San Jose and $7 more expensive. (And the Brit is owned by Owen Nolan, the hockey player.) Overall, the meal was a disappointment and one of the less enjoyable I've had in Vegas.
This is a great place to order a burger and beer.  My girlfriend and I ordered a pitcher of sangria which is amazing, a couple of burgers and sliders and enjoyed our time people watching while sitting outside.  We had a great experience and our waitress Samantha was outstanding. If you don't know what to order leave it to her and she'll make great suggestions because that what we did. I definitely will be back soon.
Fun and vibrant place, even in the mid-afternoon.  The beer selection is good, though I wouldn't say that it was super extensive like a place that specializes in beer.  The Fish and Chips were pretty basic, without much added flair, though I did like the side of cole slaw and peas (together).  Service at the bar was friendly, though a little on the slow side due to the constant activity from the crowd.  The food, however, came relatively quickly after being ordered.  As many others have mentioned, the 7 Second Challenge involves chugging any beer (up to two per day) within 7 seconds to win the beer for free.
I had the lobster rolls, which were overpriced, but damn good. Nicely toasted buttery rolls, and big chunks of lobster. The complimentary tin of popcorn is tasty too. The service was pleasant but a little slow. It is nice to sit out on the patio under an umbrella though, especially when a breeze is blowing, and sneak bits of popcorn to the little birds. The outdoor seating area is between Aria and Crystals, so you can get some good people watching as well.
no cheap, touristy feel here. Great beer selection and fantastic food in a brasserie atmosphere.
All I can say is lobster roll!!!
Busy busy place... great happy hour specials! Great server!   We will be back next time we are at the Aria.
What a totally cool and hip place with excellent food we found when we tried the Todd English PUB! We were able to secure a booth in the back of the restaurant where we could take in all of the sights and we had a great time and meal. The decor is what you might expect in a pub- complete with dart boards and rich wood furniture. The ceilings are very high so the noise level gets a bit loud, but this is not the romantic dinner spot you were looking for anyway. Yelpers-- check in and get a free beer!!! Even though I was having a martini, I couldn't help but snag this deal up.  To be honest, I wasn't expecting as good a meal as we had- the duck rolls appetizer was simply out of this world (see pics attached) and the mad Russian swears that this was the single best Tuna dish she has ever had. That is saying something indeed- It was a perfectly prepared "burger" that she wishes she could have another bite of even as I write this. I had fish and chips that was good and I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good portion of battered fish.  For a bit of fun, in the back they have available some tables for playing various drinking games- we watched several games of "flip cup" and the usual antics of those who have never played.... An overall great place to eat drink and hang loose.
My wife and I went here this past weekend.  She had the Chicken Pot Pie and it was really good and felt homey.  She really liked the pastry on top.  I had the Lobster Rolls and have to say they were the best I ever had outside New England.  The lobster tasted as fresh as you can get out west.  We will be back.  Looking at all the food pass by we can't wait to try more.
This is a nice place, good atmosphere, but always busy, so definitely make a reservation. The food is excellent, and the menu identifies gluten-free options too. Recommended!  More on gluten free in Las Vegas:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/gluten.free.las.vegas/
Exactly like any other phony British gastropub but with a lot more attitude from the self-absorbed bar staff and a lot less choices at the raw bar. Not my cup of tea.
When I goto Vegas, I have to stop by the pub and have my lobster rolls. With all the fine eateries in Vegas, this is one of my favs. Great food and atmosphere.
The food is so mediocre in every way. The beer list and Eleanor are above average.
We had dinner here last Saturday night (5/18) and had a great time.  Order the Junk Chips for an appetizer.  They are the bomb!  There is a huge selection of beers (of course they were out of my first choice).  It was fun, busy, and had a lot of energy.  It does get kind of loud in there, so if you are looking for a quiet intimate romantic place, this is not it. I am pretty sure they specialize in seafood, but do offer land lover options too. They also sell ping pong balls for beer pong... yes, they have a beer pong table!  :)
Judging by the other reviews, maybe we were here on a really great day, but my boyfriend and I truly had such a wonderful time that we came here twice in one weekend. We were home visiting my parents for Memorial Day but did 1 night at the Aria. After checking in we wanted a quick bite but didn't want to ruin our appetites for Hakkasan later so popped over here on a recommendation from the front desk agent. Obviously Todd English has a renowned reputation and resume to match, but judge this for what it is, a casual pub with a luxurious twist. He already has a 5-star elegant restaurant on the strip at Bellagio, Olives, so why compare?   It's a fun atmosphere with outdoor seating in front of the pond outside Crystals shopping center and the Aria lobby. Inside is decked out with red leather booths, a large circular bar, and expansive tables. They have a sports theme and happy hour deals, so we ordered the wings which were a dollar a piece and were really really yummy. The perfect blend of crispy and tender, spicy and mild, dunked in blue cheese sauce. Then we split a lobster cobb salad which I believe is one of their signature items for good reason. We both had huge portions even though we split one order, and they were very generous with the lobster.   The next morning all of the breakfast places at Aria were teeming with lines of tourists and we just weren't in the mood so we came back here! I had a dish that I may have possibly come up with in a dream:  Bagel tacos (shell made from crispy thin bagel slices) filled with scrambled eggs, lox, sour cream, and caviar, served with a side of mixed greens tossed in a champagne vinaigrette. Whoaaaaaaaaa buddy this was amazing. T had a corned beef hash topped with poached eggs that was served in a personal sized cast iron skillet.  There were women walking around who were literally busting, BUSTING, out of their red gingham bustiers hawking customized bloody marys which were pretty cool. We didn't order any but they had a paper checklist and you could add everything from herbs, peppers, onions, veggies, to oysters, lobster claws, bacon strips, etc. Would absolutely go back next time I'm in town! Casual atmosphere with excellent food.
Very popular pub milieu that's a welcome break from the lounge vibe and uber-throbbing in most of the other proximate options. Wide beer selection and - with proper Happy Hour timing - reasonably priced (for Vegas Strip) prices. Staff was friendly. Can be cacophonous, especially if high-stakes sporting events are being displayed on their many TVs. Sliders so-so.
Excellent.  Been here on three different trips now.  The food is varied -- it's hard to choose! -- but uniformly excellent.  Big portions -- once we took lunch back to the Vdara and basically had it again (happily!) for dinner.  Everything has been great, and don't fear ordering the basic stuff, like the extra-long chili dog.
I have been to this pub three times-twice in December 2012 and once April 2013.    The two times I went in 2012 were fantastic!  We were given a basket of what I think were blue cheese flavored popcorn that was sooo good!  The first time I ate here was for lunch.  I ordered the amazing lobster rolls and my mom ordered the sliders.  The second time I was here I had dinner.  My mom, dad and I ordered the fish and chips.  They were piping hot and delicious!  The fish portion was huge and the batter on it was crispy.  On this night, they also had a $10 wine bottle special.    When I returned April 2013, I was disappointed with the fish and chips.  The batter was soggy and the fish was only lukewarm.  I may need to resort back to the lobster rolls.    Service all three times were good.  Except the last time, we had to flag down our server, who ignored our table because he was working with a large group next to us.
We came here post-show to get something to eat/drink. I'd looked at the menu and it looked reasonable so we made an Open Table reservation and headed over. The menu was not up to date online and unfortunately wasn't as cheap as I'd seen.   My biggest complaint is a) this isn't a real gastropub and b) the beer list is laughable. Horrible. Terrible. They make it sound like it's this really expansive and amazing beer list. What is it really? It's basically the swill of every western country. Coors, Bud, Stella, Guinness (Guinness isn't swill, I'll admit that), PBR. Oh, and those swill beers? Yeah, the PBR was $9. It's so absurd it's almost funny. We were going to wait 20 minutes for happy hour to start, so at least the beers would be half off, but when our waitress came over she explained that they had a New Belgium seasonal for $3/pint. I don't understand how they can sell PBR for $9 and an actually drinkable beer for $3, but whatever.   For food we got some salads and sliders. My greek salad was a big portion and good, and we also got some fried pickles to share. The majority of our pickles were bread and butter, which I don't think works very well in a fried pickle, but they came with several sauces and were pretty good. At this time our server got super overwhelmed and sort of ignored us for 15 minutes at a time, but the bussers were very nice and even asked if I didn't like my food, because I only ate about half of it out of fullness.   It wasn't bad for a somewhat affordable after-show option, but honestly I'd avoid it in the future. It acts like something it's not and man, that beer list. I don't normally call myself a beer snob, but I'll happily wear my beer snob hat for the rest of eternity if it means I don't have to see that sad a beer list again.
Todd English always has tasty bites and cold beer. The prices are definitely strip prices (a couple extra bucks for each item than you'd expect), but it's got some real good food. I always want to try the cioppino and never do because I go with something from the raw bar and/or carving station, but today I tried the cioppino and it was delicious. Big mussels, clams, shrimp, and a generous portion of either halibut or cod in that tasty fennel-y tomatoe-y broth hit the spot, especially when mopping it up with the crostinis they serve with it. No brew for me this time, I went for lunch while I was still "working." That being said, since I was "working" I didn't have all the time in the world and the service was good and fast and we were able to eat, conversate a little, and be out of there quickly.... If you're in Crystals and want something more casual than Mastro's, go to Todd English....
A fantastic stop in LV. I have never been disappointed by a Todd English restaurant. Great mix of sandwich and international beer menu. Sliders (roast beef and burgers) are both excellent. And the Junk Chips are a real winner. Good service and nice decor makes this a 4 Star in my book.
It's a nice place to go to to watch any kind of sports or catch any kind of event on TV. It's just a really nice feel to it because of the environment at P.U.B. It's a really fun place(or I had a lot of fun) because I drank a lot when I came here. They have a beer challenge that you can do where if you finish a pint in 7 seconds, you get it for free which is limited to twice a day. A lot of fun things to do you can do here and it just puts you in a good mood with all the alcohol going on in the restaurant.   The food is a bit different though. The food is a bit average but all the food goes quite well with the alcohol(obviously). I would prob come back but I do wish the food tasted better or else it would have been a easy 4 stars. I would recommend people to drop by if you never tried it and do the challenge which I fail...(shh I already had quite a bit before the challenge)
It's always busy the many times we'd come here.  Last night was no exception.  Since we didn't have reservations, we took the next available seats which were at the bar.  My friend got the New Amsterdam which is a burger topped with pastrami, sauerkraut and Swiss cheese.  I was full and was too busy watching a basketball game after I claimed my free beer upon check-in that I didn't realize my friend had the burger split so we can share fries and a burger.  He asked for truffle mayo to dip the fries in and it was great.  The best part of the evening was the food came out in no more than 10 minutes!  The friend was going on and on about the food, I didn't touch it except for the fries - I was too focused on the game.  He finished my half too - I guess he was saying it was real good?  The other times I've been here, I had the Organic Chicken Pot Pie and Shepherd's Pie - comfort food!  Hot, filling and delicious.  Angus Sliders were pretty good and juicy.  The Corn Dog Puppies come with fries and we order it everytime I'm here with my family.  But what I always get is their Lobster Rolls with slaw and kettle chips - one of my favorite lobster rolls in Vegas.  Nice big chunks of lobster on a buttery toast.  Absolutely delish!  Of course, it won't be a pub unless they have beer.  They have a great selection of beers here.  Stella, Carlsberg, Blue Moon, Pabst, Red Stripe, Amstel, Heineken, Bud, etc.  They have gluten-free beer too.  There's one item that I'm crushed that they took off the menu called Ninja Snacks.  Wontons filled with Nutella and bananas and you dip them in caramel.  It was amazing!  I guess I'd have to copy it and make Ninja Snacks at home.
We came here for HH Oysters and beer. So we didn't get a chance at the food. Oyster were okay. $1 per Wing, $2 Oysters and $3 per Slider. Not a bad deal for being in Aria and being on the strip. We got Oysters from East and West coast which was nice to have the variety. They do a 7 second Beer challenge, which is a pretty sweet deal. Drink any Pint of beer that is $10 or less on their beer menu in less than 7 seconds and the beer is free (Limit 2). You want to start the night off right in Vegas? 1/2 Dozen $2 Oysters and 2 Beers each chugged in less than 7 seconds makes for a really good/cheap start to a night in Vegas!  Oh, and I'm a Popcorn Freak. Free popcorn at your table. And they have the tables with built in Taps.  Decent Spot, check it out! If anything, stop in for your free 7 second beer!
First time customers. We were attracted by the patio and stopped for a late lunch. Food was very good. Not cheap but comparable and relevant to excellent location on Strip. Overall service was excellent and staff very friendly including Our hostess Elizabeth but especially our server, Andy!
Really enjoyed the pub today for lunch. My husband and I shared a few different appetizers and everything was delicious. Little expensive but isn't everything in Vegas? Kinberley was our waitress and she was very good! We enjoyed her! Great experience I would recommend!
Stopped for lunch. Food was good, and $ was great for location. Would love to come back and try the seafood. Looked great.
Came here for happy hour. The selection of food for happy hour is mediocre (wings, oysters, and sliders pretty much) but the half off draft beer is a winner. They have a large selection of craft beers and when you get there for happy hour they come out to be between 6-8 instead of 12-16. The one salad we had was pretty tasty and plentiful, but spendy for a salad.  I don't know if I would come here outside of happy hour, but you never know when you're in Vegas anything goes.
F this place!      We walked over to the Aria for a late night dinner with a group of 12 and were sent away. That is only after checking on yelp for their hours of operation and calling to be sure that they would indeed be open. I received the same response both times. Open until two. Not the case, just after 11:30 on a Saturday and they sent our party of 12 away. I suppose we dodged a bullet by not staying, the raw bar smelled less than fresh. It made the whole restaurant smell like a dirty fish market that never has been cleaned, which was pungent from the first moment you opened the door.     This place came highly recommended and I can't see why. Even the bartender was terse.
You can't go wrong here. Food is amazing. Portions are big and prices are reasonable!
Todds English PUB is a great place to get a bite to eat and watch the game!  First of all, service was lightning fast...I am not exaggerating. From order to table, it took a little over 5 minutes. It was actually a little scary fast!  And they were completely packed with a waiting list.  I ordered a New Amsterdam : 10 oz. beef patty, shaved pastrami, kraut,swiss cheese, and picklelilly. This was a very good burger, cooked perfectly, lightly seasoned, but with an excellent slightly charred Pastrami. Awesome! Got it split, and they double the fries for their separate servings! Win!  Prices are decent for the strip...I think the burger and fry was around $18, but since they doubled the fries on the split and had the free draft beer with Yelp check in, this was a great value!  They also have a dual happy hour, with 50% pints, $1 wings, $2 oysters, and $3 sliders!  3-6pm and 10pm-Late!  Check it out if you are looking for some good eats!
Updating my review for this fancier pub fare.  Mac and Cheese - This stood out. One of the best restaurant mac and cheese's I've tried in the recent mac phase.  Sliders - well made and tasty.  Fancy grilled cheese - had tomatoes and bacon. YES!  Pastrami - chunky, delicious  Chicken Parm Slides - also tasty  See a trend. Some of the best I've had of all of these and I would definitely go back. Well located in the city center
My husband and I have eaten at almost every fancy schmancy restaurant in Vegas, and there are quite a few of them. During our most recent trip last week, I found out that Todd English P.U.B. was rated at a top 20 restaurant/ bar in the US. As an avid fan of Crystals in general, I decided to give it a try for my birthday dinner. Plus my dad was paying and I didn't want to run him dry right before retirement with a trip to Mastro's. We were able to make a reservation for 4, same day, for 7:45 pm. The hostess seated us promptly in a large, comfy booth. Instead of bread they immediately provide fresh popcorn (yum). Our server was very sweet and even hand-stuffed my husband's blue cheese olives for his dirty martini. I opted for a ginger beer cocktail and was not disappointed. It was served ice cold in a tin mug.  For a starter, we ordered 16 of the east coast oysters. They were served with fresh horseradish, mignonette and chili sauce. I've had quite a few oysters in my day and these were AMAZING. For entrees, my husband ordered the sliders (standard) and I chose the lobster cobb salad. The salad was loaded with lobster meat, but they forgot the dressing. It would defeinitely have added some flavor. My dad is Irish, so I convinced him to order the bangers and mash for his entree. Oh.. my.. lord. The onion gravy was divine! My step-mom's fish and chips were also delicious, but could have done without the slaw.   Vegas needs more restaurants/ bars like Todd English P.U.B. We will definitely return, but most likely just for the oysters and drinks. They don't do birthday surprises either :/
Meh....  Maybe I need to give it another shot, but I wont do that until someone else pays for it. lol Too expensive for some meh...
Huge portions of modern pub food, like ahi tuna burger or lobster sliders. Extensive craft beer selection. Upbeat, knowledgeable servers. We've been there twice, and will definitely return.
We came here for lunch and this is a mixed review of our experience at the PUB. Jesse got one of the burgers and I was so tired of burgers. I ended up with Pasta dish with Chicken. It was a big mistake. My pasta was bland with only two pieces of chicken. I should have known better, not to order pasta dish here.  We also ordered Buffalo Wings which were yummy. Jesse liked his burger. Our server was great. I'm willing to give PUB another try next time when I'm in Vegas. I will get the burger though. No more pasta.
I was in Vegas for work.. but wanted to have a nice meal .. my fiends and I came here as a sort of last resort after "lemongrass" had disappointed us with having a broken down kitchen...  we saw the "$3.00 Beer!" sign at this pub and decided that sounded great.. We waited for about 10 mins to be seated..even though it wasn't even that crowded..  our server decided to come to our table after 3 more people had already come and did stuff.. I kinda wish the bus boys would have been our server instead because this girl was awful. I get that sometimes you really don't give a s**t about your customers sometimes, as a server (I was a server for several years) but at least PRETEND. Put on that fake smile.   This girl didnt even care that she made it completely obvious that she didn't care about us.. She clearly cared more about the 10-top full of males who would tip her based on the fact that she was a remotely attractive female..    After sitting there for 20 mins, we were finally asked if we'd like drinks.. we excitedly asked about the $3 beer.. "oh.. we're actually out of that" and she didn't really give us any other options..  thankfully YELP! Actually had a "free pint beer" check-in offer. but it was of BUD which I HATE..but oh well.  my $12.00 hot wings were the quality of Buffalo Wild Wings.. which I could have gotten for about half of what I paid for these.. don't get me wrong.. I LOVE Buffalo Wild Wings.. but if I'm paying that much for 6 hot wings.. they better be the best wings I've ever had.. which they weren't.. .. at all.   My friend ordered a $20 Burger with Bacon.. it came without the bacon.. which she had to mention.. it also came Bleeding.. and she's ordered it medium well...  My other friends' portobello mushroom burger, on the other hand, was completely over-cooked. It looked like a burnt piece of cardboard.  We asked her to box our leftovers.. She proceeded to throw them all in ONE bag....    I specifically said "can you keep the blue cheese with my wings , please?" no blue cheese was in my to/go box.    by far the worst eating experience I've had in Vegas.. I'll be going to that burger place at the Aria next time.. with the brisket bloody mary's and burgers that are worth the high-prices.    Todd English P.U.B... pfft more like.. Todd English A.S.S
There was a time I was blind, I was so confused Run away just to hide it all from you. But baby, you knew me better than I knew myself They say if you love something let it go at... P.U.B. - Judith Hill (what a girl wants cover)  I actually haven't been to many of Todd English's restaurants even though he has a ton. I never noticed this place in the past (maybe its new-ish) at City Center but it's got a fun atmosphere. We came here for lunch and I got to create my own sandwich. You choose one meat, one type of bread, and two sauces and you put it together yourself.   Protein: prime rib beef Bread: sourdough Sauces: horse radish / black truffle dip  The putting together part isn't as fun as it sounds, but I guess I understand their thought process behind it. They want you to be able to enjoy the components separately since there was salmon as a choice and some other things. Oysters looked pretty good, didn't try em though. Also our meal came out before they finished shucking them. The sandwich was really good but wished I didn't have to put it together myself. Service was a little weird, but i guess its VEGAS BABY!
I think we should have stopped with just having "bar" food and drinks.  The hot wings were pretty good but then we got our entres.  One of us had the chicken pot pie which was ok but very watery and someone needs to learn how to season and I got the fish and chips.  They were so greasy you could literally ring them out. We wound up sending that back and not having them try to make another one, ther was no taste as well, someone really needs to season the food.  I think it would be reAlly good bar food but way to over priced for the food in the restaurant.  Not sure we will come back.
After finding out we had an extra day to spend in Las Vegas, my friend and I happened into Todd English's for lunch. Everything was fantastic from the moment we walked in ( right as they opened at 11). The service was genuine & helpful- we sat at the bar with Ralph and he really made our day. We were searching for a hotel - he reccomended one we never would have otherwise found & it turned out to be an amazing place. The food was very tasty and generously portioned.  I had the lobster rolls (another great reccomendation by Ralph) they were buttery and the lobster was nice and tender. The menu is fun and diverse, and they have a superb beer selection. The whole staff was great, loved the atmosphere, overall just a great spot for lunch!
Went for happy hour.  Sliders and chickens wings just O.K.  Bartender obviously tried to rip me off on check.  Charged $10 for 1/2 price wine and when questioned became defensive and got attitude after he changed and bill and threw it on the bar.
Excellent pub and killer food!
Pretty decent happy hour twice a day with $2 oysters and $3 sliders! I liked the decor and vibe of the place and didn't feel completely ripped off like I do at so many Las Vegas joints these days (I'm looking at you, Nobu!). It's very casual in here with a sports-pub kind of feel, but it wasn't all bro-y or too loud. A pleasant place to park it for a while with a drink and some snacks. I did indeed partake of the happy hour oysters and sliders and they were delish! When my friend and I saw their dessert specialty Stephanie's Bread Pudding we had to try it--I mean, it had to be good with that name, right? :P Well it was pretty damn good, even if it had the Cap'n Crunch cereal on top (see photo). I'm not a huge fan of that cereal but in this case I didn't mind it. Definitely wouldn't mind coming back if in the area again.
Not too crowded but FN noisy. Stadium style and booths and table seating with compulsory sticky elbows from soiled tables. Servers were nice but there was a turn and burn feeling. Pseudo pub food was adequately expensive for average quality fare of what was intended by namesake chef Todd English. I think you should need be drunk first. Beverage selection was featured but no real focus. Not an English Pub, not a local bar. Was expecting more local brews, but all they had was one, the others were vague or out. Black&Tan was $12. Either the server was confused or untrained. Unless you have a large group, are inebriated or are desperate for food, spend $$ elsewhere.
Happy Hour is a tradition that dates back to the 1920s in the Navy when sailors would enjoy a few drinks while viewing boxing and wrestling on board at the same era when speakeasies would hold a cocktail hour. Nearly a century later I would share in this tradition on the famous Las Vegas Strip in Todd English Pubb.    From 3 to 6 PM and 10 to Midnight, Todd English P.U.B., holds a Happy Hour. Pints of beer and glasses of wine are half priced. Wings are $1. And oysters are $1. In my opinion, the appetizer Happy Hour specials are a bit misleading. A $1 for seven chicken wings will come up to $7. Not a bargain at all.    In this fast-paced world that I live in, I partake in Happy Hour to be happy. Todd English P.U.B., features a major selection of beers to choose from to be happy. The categories include craft beers, fruity beers, the big boys, and so on. I usually get one to three beers. When I entered this thriving restaurant and pub located between Crystals and the Aria all uptight and exhausted from work, I make a beeline to the center bar. By the time I drink the pint of Fruli strawberry for example, I am becoming happy. After the pint of Arrogant Bastard Ale I am happy. And once I cash in my Yelp free check-in offer for a free Bud Light and drink it, I am OFF THE CHARTS HAPPY.    The reality is that Todd English P.U.B., is an upbeat establishment that feeds off all the positive energy on the Las Vegas Strip. The majority of the patrons are tourists without a care in the world but to have a good time. After an Arrogant Bastard Ale and Bud Light, I kind of develop this tourist state of mind. I feel like I am part of a big party. Every so often in this party, the bar tender will ring a bell. This is to call attention to the fact that somebody is getting a complimentary drink for quaffing a beer down within seven seconds. Maybe one day after a stressed out shift I could write a review update on drinking a beer in less than seven seconds.    Being in City Center, Todd English P.U.B.,fills up fast. This will cause some delay in the partaking of Happy Hour when all the bar stools are taken and the bar tenders are busy.     At Todd English P.U.B., it is more than the names of some of the beers that are weird. What is kind of weird, or just so out of the ordinary in Vegas is that men and women share the same sinks. If you are going on a date and plan to freshen up, I would advise another restroom.      Happy Hour is a tradition that I am so going to continue to partake in. And I am happy to say that when I am in City Center with the urge for a cold one or two between 3 and 6 PM, that the odds are in my favor of partaking in another Todd English P.U.B., Happy Hour.  ***The Daniel. S 2013 Yelp 200 Challenge***Review 106.
Went two days in a row. Had the bus and flight special and the next day the buffalo burger. Both were very good
happy hour = fab.  oysters = yum  fries = awesome buffalo wings = good
Everything was delicious and pretty reasonably priced for a LV restaurant with a big chef name! I had the Lobster Roll and loved every bite. With whole claw and checks of tail meat filling (and spilling out of) a perfectly toasted buttery soft roll. My mouth waters all over again just thinking about it. It came with home cooked potato chips and coleslaw. It comes in 3 pieces and I was with company, but I totally forgot to (or didn't want to) share it! I don't think I even talked until I finished my last bite. I also had some waffle fries, shared by the table, that was also excellent. The experience and food was so good that we even thought about returning to the restaurant again during the trip! Definitely will go again next time I'm in town.
This place is awesome!  There is no way it should only have 3.5 stars!  Go have some Lobster Rolls and a pint you will not regret it!  While there say hi to some of the best peeps you will ever meet: Brandon, Lauren, Elsinore & Dana Rock!!!  See you soon!
My goal this past week has been to visit places that I've never been in LV before.  I stayed at Aria a few years ago, but hadn't been back since so I decided to walk over and see what is new or had changed in that time.  It was around dinner and I was wander around the reception area and I spotted a restaurant that looked relaxed and casual in the far right corner.  This happened to be Todd English Pub, and is the place I decided to have dinner Sunday night.  I entered Todd English Pub around 8pm and the place was packed.  You needed reservations for a table, but since it was just me, I sat at the bar.  I was quickly greeted and given a menu by my server.  I checked out the drink menu and was thrilled to see that they had Strongbow Cider on the menu, so I quickly ordered one.  Price for the cider was $11 per glass, but I love cider so it worth it.    I perused the menu for a while, not sure if I should order a Pub meal like Sheppard's Pie or a burger.  I finally made up my mind and went with Chicken Tacos ($16), the description made them sound flavorful and delicious and didn't let me down.  The chicken tacos come 3 to an order with a crock or rice and beans.  The shells were good; soft shells and held up well against the moist chicken meat and salsa.  The chicken was so moist and well seasoned, I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of it and could have eaten even more.  The rice and beans were presented mixed in a crock and were good with a bit of spice as well.   After two glasses of cider and the tacos, my bill totaled $41.  A bit steep, but it's LV so not too bad comparatively.  The service at the bar was great.  I wish I would have gotten my servers name, but he was attentive and quick to make sure I had what I needed.    I will definitely be coming here again in the near future.  I can't wait to try other menu items!
Had just eaten at a couple high end restaurants (the Sage notably) and had the worst service ever and had to pay for it.    Expecting the same pretentiousness all over, we were pleasantly surprised when we showed up without a reservation and the hostess was a doll and our waiter equally nice.  Not to mention, our food came fast!  I love nice people and I completely sucked in all the smiles and graciousness like I was starved for it.   The food was hit and miss but I can recommend the happy hour sliders and the bloody mary's.   The bloody mary's are a meal in itself.   Meaty with the right amount of spice, tart and tang.   The beef sliders don't look like much when they come out but the meat is juicy and seasoned well with a dollop of carmelized onions...more please!   Completely pass on the chicken sliders and the pretzel.   They were tasteless and the pretzel was dry.     This place has a nice, warm, low key pub atmosphere you expect to get at a local joint.   That's hard to accomplish in a place like Vegas.    Todd English also has another restaurant named "Olives" in the Bellagio and it has the same ambiance but is more upscale so I think it's a vibe he strives for.     There is indoor seating and outdoor seating.   The outdoor seating is right at the entrance to Aria resort but you don't feel like you're hanging out in the middle of everything.   It's nice lil spot for people watching and you'll see a lot ;- /
Fun environment, the fried pickles were yummy... But the salad was overpriced and the server was unfriendly.
I went here 3 times on a 4-day trip, so yeah, I liked it. The best deal is happy hour (3-6pm every day)--half price pints makes them affordable ($7 for St Bernardus on tap!). Service is pretty good, but I think it's quicker at the bar. They have a good ambiance, it's usually pretty busy and they have games & stuff. Beer selection is good - they have a lot of taps, seasonals, semi-rare beers (at least on tap). Bottled selection isn't as good as the tap, and the bombers are overpriced.
If you are on a REAL gluten free diet steer clear of this place.  Despite their being "gluten free" markings on the menu and Making it VERY clear to the waitress at the bar that everything I ordered needed to be gluten free. My chili still came with bread and my greek salad came with croutons on it which wasn't apparent until the first bite. After informing her of this and how sick I would get; she acted like it was no big deal.
Came here with my boss on a work trip. Great ambiance and aesthetically pleasing. When you walk in there is an open seafood bar, "Raw Bar", some bar tables with taps built right into them, and a big selection of food. My boss and I each had yummy salads. The prices were reasonable, considering the town we were in. Very convenient location in the hotel. I loved the customer service; she wasn't snobby or pretentious, she seem happy and willing to help.
Very good pub for an informal dinner and high quality beer.  Had the New Amsterdam Burger and it was fantastic.  Try the Firestone IPA, but be warned that it will spoil all following drinks as they will pale in comparison.  Our server was very nice and offered good advice on food and drink choices as well as brought samples of comparable brews.  Will certainly try this place again on our next visit.
The Junk Chips are a MUST order. They are a fantastically, greasy, salty, sweet, bbq-y (?) chips and are so good with beer.
PUB is Such a great find. They have custom $14 bloody mary's so Evan and Andrea seemed to enjoy spending 20 minutes with the kilted "Bloody Mary Girl" picking out their combo. Perhaps this had something to do with her giant bazoombas? Mor me, 48 hours of straight Vegas binge drinking and the very thought of tomato juice, vodka and spicy made last night's 4 a.m. "4th meal" begin to re-surface.  I was really happy I ordered the $24 lobster roll, it was unbelievable! So much lobster smeared in this flavored butter on crispy bread and with a small accompaniment of fries (though they did give me the wrong kind of fries). I will be craving this meal until my next Vegas trip. Hey Evan, can you pick me up one to go on your way to L.A.?
When did Todd English become the Tommy Hilfiger of food?
Stopped by for a late dinner for the first time last week and overall I kinda expected more from the place. The place itself looks great, big open restaurant with alot of beers on tap, great vibe and the service was on point. I remember PUB used to be popular for nickel beers but they discontinued it as the place probably became a mad house.   I describe their menu as high-end bar food with a British twist. The beer tap selection is what definitely makes it worth coming in along with a decent happy hour. My cousin ordered from their carved meat menu which comes with a couple slices of a selected meat, some bread and a choice of side. The turkey he ordered was pretty dry and I thought the portions were surprisingly small. For the $20 they charged him I thought he would have been better off ordering a regular dish. I saw some of the other diners order from the carved meat menu and their food looked equally mediocre.  I got the chicken parm sliders and had no qualms. Nice fluffy bread, perfect amount of sauce and cheese and chicken was great. . The bread pudding for desert was pretty meh.. I forgot to realize that it came packed with raisins which I can't stand but thats my fault for not anticipating it. The whole thing seemed to be soaked with rum which kinda gave it an odd flavor However! It's totally Todd English's fault for giving such a tiny scoop of ice cream along with a large serving of the bread pudding. I guess its a pet peeve of mine when restaurants don't serve certain dishes in proper proportions, this 1 clearly needed to be in a 1:1 ratio, but the captain crunch cereal pieces were pretty cool.  Ultimately the food is good but not great. PUB is great for the brews and a snack but their are more worthy places in City Center for dinner.
Great food and service. I love their Dirty chips and lobster roll. It is on a pricey side. Happy hour between  3 to 6 PM and 10 to Midnight.   Highly recommend this place!
Pie Glorious Pie!  I went here with one sole purpose. Shepherd's Pie. Get in my Belly! It was my first Shepherd's Pie and will definitely not be my last. Delicious flavors and great service. Beer menu is quite robust and the prices aren't too bad for being in the heart of City Center. Would go back.
Came here for lunch with a few friends. The place was packed!  The staff were friendly and place was clean and very nice decor. We sat at the bar. I ordered my drink and I wasn't to hungry but I tried the duck bun! It was supper good. It came with four bun.  My only complain would be if they can use less sauce on the duck. Overall would definitely come back and drink some more!
You gotta have the Junk chips! Also,bloody Mary bar was the best one I have ever seen..service and atmosphere were great...can't wait to re-visit...overall-great pull!!
Was in Vegas on business and visited Todd English P.U.B. as it was right by my hotel. Best tuna burger I've ever had!!!! I would definitely go back.
This place sucked!!!!! Over priced! Food, sub-par! Had the sliders.... $16, three tiny, dry, flavorless tasters. The place itself looked amazing! Service was good. Just very, very disappointed in the food and the prices... $12 for a pint in dogfish head... Crazy! I will not recommend the place to anyone.
Expensive burger(18 dollars) with little taste. Service was very poor-not even napkins or flatware offered at the bar. Beer tasteless. Disappointing. Busy place.
This place is great.  We were there for the afternoon happy hour and enjoyed great wings, oysters, and sliders.  Everything was fabulous!  The beer and drink selection was extensive.  Our server was super hip but very friendly.
It's decent. The food is okay and they have that free PBR chug thing. Get the lobster rolls for sure and try out the PBR challenge. It's essentially a free beer.
Great selection on beers!!! Too bad I can't say the same for the service or the food.
Food was decent, slightly better quality bar food. The beers were good and they have a big selection. Good thing I got a pre-selected beer flight because I wouldn't have been able to decide what to order.
When it first opened in 2010, I visited at least twice, with different friends. And I distinctly remember that we all enjoyed it! The atmosphere, the food, the beer selection. I know there were a couple other times I had the intention of going, but decided on other restaurants in City Center or Aria. It was good, not amazing, and not enough to compete with new restaurants and bars popping up in the last three years with similar menus and/or themes.  I know a lot of people say this and it's a tad clich, but I really wanted to like this place again. My brother, Marcus L., fianc, Teresa S., and I were leaving Zarkana and decided to stay in City Center to eat/avoid traffic. Since I was the only one in the group to have been to PUB, it seemed to be the perfect spot. We were seated right away and pleasantly surprised that we were there for the start of Happy Hour (their second Happy Hour is 10pm to closing daily)! It features $1 Chicken Wings, $2 Oysters, $3 Sliders, and 1/2 off pint draft beers and glasses by the wine. We decided on 10 sliders and an order of Waffle Fries ($8) for the group. My fianc and I both ordered a pint of Frli Strawberry beer ($6 during H/H) while I got a Caesar Salad ($12) and he got Bangers & Mash ($18).   The service was...interesting. We weren't entirely pleased, but fortunately, it wasn't horrible. It was just odd. Our server just assumed we knew what Happy Hour entailed (to our defense, the little 1/4 paper doesn't explain details) so we were forced to ask multiple questions and follow-up questions. Which would have been fine, but after answering one question, the server would immediately say, "I can come back if you need more time," leaving us with, "Um, um, well, uh" and trying to quickly phrase our next question. It was so uncomfortable! But, other than our ordering experience, the service was good throughout the meal. The person who brought out the food was really nice and our server came to check on us three times.  The food was extremely prompt, so that was great. The Sliders were only shrug-worthy. They were flavorless with a sad amount of caramelized onions (some seeming almost non-existent) and barely enough Thousand Island dressing. Also, only some of our order were cooked Medium Rare, like we requested. The Waffle Fries were delicious, but I can't give a restaurant much credit for something that came out of a bag/box then fried, especially at $8. My Caesar Salad was decent (didn't love the dressing), but made me extremely sad having paid $12 for the small bowl. Not worth it AT ALL. The Bangers & Mash were just okay as well. The sausages were okay, but the mash was weird. It had large chucks of potatoes on the bottom that resembled a kind of hash, then a small amount of mashed potatoes on top of it, then the gravy and sausages. The description doesn't describe the potato chucks, so perhaps it was an odd part of the gravy? So, mysterious substandard potatoes that took away from the dish, got it. No one was really impressed.  Our bill was just under $100 (tax and tip included), ouch. When you consider the type of eateries in the valley that serve superior tastes at much lower prices, it's hard to consider this worthwhile.  As for the Happy Hour deals, I'm not sure if the wings are truly cheaper than a regular order and the oysters are EXACTLY the same price you'd pay outside H/H (it doesn't even leave anything to the imagination because the menu literally says $2 each). And the sliders are basically the same price as the regular order, unless you don't want fries (the regular order, $16, comes with three sliders and skinny fries, $8 as a side order). Stick to the 1/2-priced draft pints and eat somewhere else.
The best dining experience I've had as of yet (in Las Vegas)! Food was on point and service was over the top! We stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner/happy hour. They weren't busy on a Monday at 4. We sat at a tap table where we had the option of Woodchuck or Mission IPA. The IPA was good! During happy hour, whatever your pour is 1/2 price. We couldn't say no. I'm still not sure if that was a good decision.   The waitress totally indulged us and let us have fun. We ordered pretzels, wings ($1/ea on Mondays), oysters on the 1/2 shell ($2 during happy hour), and then a burger was ordered as well as some tacos. Wings were notably good. Perfectly done. The burger was spectacular! I only had one bite and I wanted 20 more. More flavor than any burger we've had at BURGR. The tacos and oysters were noted as fine by those who ordered them, but nothing to go crazy over. Before tip, everything (including drinks was $100).  One of our group did the pint challenge. Drink a pint in 7 seconds or less and it's free. A fun little event! They ring a bell in the place if you get it. Well, he got it and got a free beer! Our waitress also gave us to go cup for our tap table after we cashed out. How nice was that?  An overall great experience! P.U.B. will be a regular stop for us in Vegas from now on.
The Brown Butter Lobster Rolls were insane! My dish surpassed expectations and absolutely DELIVERED.  The venue is great as well. It's a large space set in a classic pub environment with a bit of a luxurious spin on it courtesy of being located at The Aria.  If you're in Vegas you should check this place out.
I remembered that all the servers seemed to have the English Accent. The beer was good, but the fries were fantastic! This was back when it first opened, but I only started to do this Yelp review.
Props to Todd E.  This place is much better executed than his other concepts I've eaten at.  Busy, very popular.  Ridiculously high prices for an excellent beer selection. Lobster roll delicious but dripping in butter and sauce.
Breath taking rudeness from the brunette host upon arrival. Embarrassing to show American hospitality at its worst to my International guests. Walked away and went to the excellent Spanish Tapas place next door.
Great food ...extensive beer menu (and I'm not a big beer drinker) ...fantastic service ...was here with colleagues from work during a trip to Vegas. Had the CBLT and loved it! Will come back...
I stopped here for lunch today with my fiance and two of her co workers.  We were staying at the Aria and weren't yet ready to head to the airport and so decided on this place.  What was nice is that whenever I checked in here on Yelp I got a check-in offer for a free bud light.  While I am not in any way a bud light fan and often avoid it, I love anything free and so eagerly accepted my beer.  Since it was a nice day we decided to sit outside and so I cant really comment on any of the decor inside of the restaurant.  For lunch my fiance and I decided to start off our meal by splitting the fried pickles appetizer.  We were pleasantly surprised by the mound of pickle chips that came out and were also impressed by the choice of three dipping sauces: a BBQ, a Blue cheese and my favorite, a spicy sauce.   The pickles were fried nicely and had a good crisp to them and I enjoyed pairing them with the different sauces.  For my lunch entree I decided to go with the Caesar salad after a week of gluttonous eating while my fiance decided on the lobster Cobb salad.  She was nice enough to let me enjoy two of the claws and the lobster was good being sweet, tender and seasoned perfectly.  My Caesar salad was decent sized although I was a little confused whenever it came out topped with tomatoes.  Yes it helped dress up the presentation but I have never seen tomatoes on a Caesar salad before.  The salad was also loaded with dressing which I personally love but know that many do not.  It tasted decent enough but wasn't anything terribly exciting, not that I was expecting it to be.  The bottom line from me is that I would head back here again in the future.  It had a great location with outdoor seating in-between the Aria and Crystals and some of the food was really good too.
Sadly, we didn't have a whole meal here. We stopped in for a couple pints and snack at the bar in the middle of a Saturday afternoon.   We sat at the large, comfortable bar near the raw bar and where some nice ladies were putting together gigantic bloody marys. Our bartender was quick, friendly, and knew her stuff. We had a couple beers which we hadn't seen in our home market and the mini corn dogs. Holy crap you guys, those were the best corn dogs I've ever had. We really should have gotten 2 orders they were that good. It was probably one of my favorite places we stopped in Vegas.
A 1/2 yard of a great beer and excellent lobster sliders...what else do you need?  Next time, I'll pass on the homemade potato chips as they weren't very crisp.  The fries one of my friends had were far better.  All in all, great place to grab a drink and relax with what little money is left after making a donation in the casino.
Lots of TVs, and good food. They have an expansive beer selection, and I was smart enough to do a beer flight. OOOOhhhh yeahhhh. It was great. The oysters here tasted fresh too.   The place was crowded but my friend and I were able to be seated rather quickly. I had the New Amsterdam Burger. It was okay, but not memorable. it was practically a Reuben burger, which i've had before at another restaurant. The place can be a bit loud.  Overall its a nice place next to the Aria. But I think for the price i've had better joints.
5 stars for food... minus 1 star for service.  A customizable bloody mary menu... sign me up over and over again... I'm a new fan!  Came here for my final meal before my flight back home, and one person in our party was insistent on finding a place to eat that would allow her to watch her beloved Eagle's game so we walked around a while to find a place that fit both and could fit us in around the Aria (where we were staying), and Todd English P.U.B. was the perfect fit.  Despite a packed restaurant, we were cordially greeted by a nice hostess and were seated after a brief 10 minute wait.  Water came quickly to our table, however it took ages for our waitress to come to our table.  After she took 4 orders from our table, she walked away having being pulled away to take care of another table's check who had been waiting over 15 minutes to receive their bill so they could pay and leave.  So we ended up having to wait even longer for our food to be ordered.  When the waitress finally came back after waiting for another 20 minutes one person had a question about the brunch items on the menu (mind you we came in 1.5 hours before brunch ended on Sundays) and our waitress again stopped taking orders and walked away as she didn't know the time and how late brunch wasn't offered (hello it's on the menu... we had cell phones and watches to give you the time).  Finally our waitress came back and we were able to get our orders in (and we made the brunch window) and a few of us had fun customizing our bloody marys.  The waitress who took our order for the bloody marys was super helpful, she guided us through everything and answered the ton of questions we had.  Luckily, the time for our food to arrived was minimal.  I ordered the lobster eggs benedict and it was super delicious and beyond stuffing.  My bloody mary was amazing!  I normally am not a huge fan of bloody mary's, but I'm glad I reserved judgement and tried it out.  So for anyone who wants a place with casual dining and great food I would highly recommend it!
Visited this spot after Zarkana last month since it was close by. The restaurant had a dark ambiance. Low light and upscale looking. It was pretty empty, bright spot it was happy hour tho(10pm to closing). All I had was a couple sliders since I wasn't too hungry from my late lunch previously in the day. They were good, not as good as the kobe sliders at Bacchanal but ok. Nothing too memorable about the experience. Waitress seemed in a bit of a rush to take our order since she didn't seem to want to, or didn't think we needed much explaining on the regular or happy hour menu. It's definitely not a cheap place to eat. But I know to expect that dining on the strip. Even with some of our items being happy hour specials, it still came out to around $100 for 4. Not sure if I'd revisit, but it would be an ok option if I was near it and hungry.
I stumbled into this location after leaving the Mall and was pleasantly surprised to find a beer bar.  The menu itself is pub - bar food as the name implies. You do get free popcorn as a side but its sort of boring just as the burger I ordered was.   What really drew myself to dine here was the beer list, which was fair and had several local and international ales on tap. Pricing was fair, but still you are paying a marked up price for a simple ale.   The atmosphere is loud and boisterous even during the times there was no game on the televisions, but really what isn't this way in a Vegas bar?   Service was ok at best and left a lot of room for improvement, namely when it comes to making sure when my glass is getting low to pay attention to my needs. It would be okay if this place was packed but it was not too filled and had a couple of empty tables on the other side of the restaurant.    3 stars - good ale selection for the strip but very dull cuisine.
Two of my favorite words are happy hour. Happy hour twice a day every day makes me really happy! Happy hour at Todd English P.U.B. runs from 3-6 pm and then from 10 pm - midnight.   On our first evening in Vegas, my husband and I walked down to this pub for the afternoon/early evening happy hour. We found two seats at the bar, and after a slight wait for service, were helped by an incredibly friendly bartender. This place has an incredible beer list, including one of my favorite beers, the Double Jack. We enjoyed our time at P.U.B. so much that Friday, we returned for the late night happy hour on Saturday with two of our friends. It was much less crowded so getting four seats at the bar was no problem. Again we had super friendly service (much quicker this time too) and our friends were successful in the "7 Second Challenge" (chug a pint of beer in seven seconds or less) so they got their first drinks for free!  The only food I tried was the grilled cheese with brie and bacon. The bacon completely overwhelmed the sandwich and there was just too little brie cheese. I wouldn't order it again, but I would go back and try more of the food.   I will definitely be back at this place on my next visit to Vegas because of the really good happy hour. Check their FB page for the deals!
On a Tuesday afternoon after walking the strip went into the P.U. B. for some nice cold beer and some appetizers we had the Junk Chips  which consist of homeade chips with bbq beef ragu and crumble bleu cheese and alioli along with the sliders (which are on the happy hour menu) and the brown butter lobster Roll with Alioli. All very good. Great place to relax and kick back  You get popcorn the second you walk in.
Love the happy hour specials here $1 wings and half off pints of beer .... Also the duck cakes are amazing ....junk chips have to be my favorite ... Only draw back I would say is  consistency on wings ... One day they are huge one day they are small ... Other than that great place to grab a drink and have fun with friends
Beer took 20 minutes to get to our table. Fly in my water. Half of food came late. Service not worth the price but food is good.
I have dined and cocktailed at PUB three times over the course of two Vegas weekends, and this is the perfect place to wind down, take a breather, or get your game on.  Twice I have had reservations (once for 3, the second time for 12), and once I walked in solo and asked to be seated at the bar.  All three times, my booty was on a seat faster than you can say Jiminy Cricket.    The Vegas restaurant scene is extraordinarily pretentious, often without justification.  This place is the antidote!  Good food, good beverage, good service, good ambiance (although a bit loud), good prices.  They have happy hour twice a day, and they are open early for rehab a/k/a Bloody Mary hour.  Don't miss it, even if you have to crawl.  You will thank me.  The food is basic yet playful gourmet.  Don't come looking for molecular gastronomy, because this place doesn't take itself that seriously.  Who wants that at noon on a Saturday anyway?  Not this girl!  The food is pub fare, yet creative.  Gluten and dairy free options are clearly marked, if it matters.  The servers are friendly, the patrons are friendly, the beer and cocktail selection is good.  At the bar, the bartenders facilitate and encourage interaction with other customers.  When I came solo while waiting on my room at Aria to be ready, I had a great time joking around and drinking with the honeymooners who were next to me, thanks to the bartender who chatted us up.    Any attire will fit in here, just come as you are.  Lug your suitcase.  Do the walk of shame.  Whatever it takes, just come.  Don't miss Todd English P.U.B.
This place was amazing!  Started with fresh oysters, half East Coast half West Coast,  I could have eaten a dozen more,  delish! Was torn between the lobster buns and the duck sliders,  chose the sliders and they were to. die. for!! Tasted like the meat had been marinating for days, full of flavor with a taziki sauce on the side that went very well with the sliders. My brother loves a challenge and of course murdered two beers in way less then the 7 seconds given! 7 seconds or less=free beer (2 drink max) lol,  he could have went all night:) Weather was great,  all around awesome! !
I was in Vegas for 3 days this month and every day included at least one visit to Todd English P.U.B. My husband and I loved the food and the atmosphere-unlike most restaurants and bars in Vegas, Todd English actually has windows! and light! We didn't feel like we were in a cave or that is was the middle of the night in the middle of the day! Just an overall fun atmosphere with great staff to boot.  Onto their food....they know how to do bar food right! The Lobster Rolls are a must-warm and buttery with big chunks of fresh lobster-so delicious! We also tried the loaded chips that are HUGE and very tasty. The footlong hot dog with chili looked ridiculously good along with pretty much everything else that came out of the kitchen. They also have an awesome Bloody Mary cart on the weekends where you can create your very own bloody with anything your heart desires-pickled green beans, bacon, cheese, carrots, celery, housemade infused vodkas....the list goes on, and on, and on-these creations are like a meal in a glass and the perfect way to start a day in Sin City! Lots of TVs, good crowd, definitely worth a visit!
I came sorta unknowingly because me and bf were meeting up with his fam.  We were seated near the bar and there were tons of TVs everywhere and lots of enthusiastic sports fans.    The beer list is super extensive and the food seemed pretty expensive... but hey it's Vegas.  I wanted the Epic without Fermentation beer under their seasonals but I guess they were out so the server recommended the St. Bernardus.  It was really strong for me, but it's ok I ordered it.  I wasn't too hungry and ordered the junk chips based on yelpers suggestions and the other party ordered fried pickles.  From looking at the only pic on yelp of the junk chips, my chips didn't really look like that.  The chips on the yelp pic looks even spread, but when my junk chips came out the BBQ ragu was only like at the bottom chips and the bleu cheese was uneven and then like a lump of  scallions on the very top chip.  As far as the flavors, the housemade chips were like thicker lays BBQ chips and I felt they were pretty salty and sweet which didn't compliment the overpowering flavors of the BBQ ragu and the bleu cheese.  I don't know.  Just not my favorite.  The fried pickles were good.  They were just thin/thick enough with a nice coating.  It came with 3 dipping sauces which were a housemade ketchup, sirracha ranch that was pretty spicy, and a bleu cheese dip.    Overall I wouldn't make it a point to come here for lunch/dinner but maybe a quick (expensive) snack because it was a nice place to relax.
My boyfriend and I were in Vegas for just a few nights but I knew I wanted to come here when I saw the Candy Corn Martini featured on the Todd English P.U.B. Facebook page. We were staying way off the strip for a conference but I called and spoke with a friendly and helpful hostess named Shahia (I know I just jacked up the spelling of her name! Sorry!) She was so sweet telling us the best way to find the place since we were taking the monorail! When we made it, we greeted each other like old friends! I loved that!  We sat outside so my boyfriend could see a bit  of the World Series on the outdoor TV. We had Corey as our sever, he was just as friendly and fabulous as Shahia! We started with martini's (my one Candy Corn martini was enough...it was VERY SWEET but so festive!) We ordered the Ahi Tuna Tar Tare as a starter...This was so delish! I highly recommend it! I had Steak Tacos and my BF had the Sheperd's Pie which was also very very good!   We had a great time and a great dinner. Maybe too many Strongbow Ciders and Fireball, but hell...we were in Vegas! We really enjoyed our last evening there and the service Corey and Shahia provided was great! We will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas!   I highly recommend anyone else to visit Todd English P.U.B. also, you will not be disappointed! Thanks!!
Livin' The life!!!! At The Pub!  Oyster shooters and oysters!  delicious! Great bar tender!!  A must at happy hour !!! crystals! Las Vegas !!!!
Definitely a Gastropub experience, I came here for an after-lunch not quite yet dinner snack/meal :)   Service was friendly and attentive even during a packed happy hour. They even have a bathroom attendant! They have a great happy hour though we decided to steer away from the happy hour food menu to try other things... We literally were drawn in by some of the burgers and meat slabs we saw from those sitting outside.  Off of the Carvery menu we ordered 8 oz of the Prime Beef with the horseradish sour cream and TE BBQ sauces... so good! My favorite out of the two was the horseradish cream. We also had the waffle fries, which were awesome. We'd love to be back from something off the carvery menu or to try their burgers!
Great beer selection. You also don't want to pass up the Bloody Mary on a Sunday morning. Fantastic. Excellent bar staff! Great place to socialize and enjoy a few rounds.
Came in for Happy Hour because of 50% savings on fresh oysters, beer (draft & bottled)-domestic & imported and snacks. PUB extends Happy Hour prices to table seating in addition to cozying up to the bar(which always seems "packed in like sardines"). Everyone is so friendly and service was fast. We felt like we were somewhere in England surrounded by white tiles like the underground trains. Yet, you knew this is just transplanted decor as hard rock bleared, adding to gastropub ambience.  After slurping down oysters and beers, we ordered pub sandwiches. You have a choice of 1/2 pound or 1 pound portions. 1/2 pound was plenty enough! The pastrami was not your typical deli-style thin cut slices but was served as tender chunks with your choice of fresh baked bread and 2 sauces. Gosh, I couldn't resist truffle mayo to accompany my sandwich. Meanwhile, my husband chose the 1/2 pound crispy duck legs (you get 2 legs & thighs). He shredded/pulled the duck meat off the bones and filled the bread. He also chose the truffle mayo, although the maple soy glaze would have worked well with the duck. Yummo!  In the end, we stayed for 2 rounds of beer & were filled with our delicious selections. I'm so full, I need to lie down!  We'd gladly return to PUB during our stay in LV but, we're running out of time and want to hit the casinos.
Good happy hour between 3-7. The atmosphere was great and so was the service. The food was pretty good, your typical pub fare. My husband took the pint chugging challenge and won himself a free beer haha only in Vegas!
Taste: 4 Creativity/Authenticity: 3.5 Atmosphere: 3.5 Service: 4 Bang for your buck: 2  Met up with some buddies here because my buddy claims they have the best lobster roll... So after shot gunning some beers for there 7 second challenge we got some about 2 dozen oysters, the lobster roll and asparagus. The oysters were fresh and smooth alot of flavor. Now to the infamous lobster roll, now ive lived in the east coast and ive had maine lobster rolls and lobsters rolls from boston and those are gonna be hard to beat; the only place that i say came close is son of a gun in LA but this place is def on point. The roll is a nicely toasted butter smothered heavens gift to earth, the lobster is cooked perfectly not, chewy great flavor and texture. Overall im a fan of this  place great for beers and ill def be back for another lobster roll
I normally like Todd English Pub but on this occasion I was not a big fan....  First the hostess seats my girlfriend and I in a section that apparently does not have a waitress. After about 10 minutes we flag down a waitress so we can get some service. It was not her section but she decided to help us anyway which was very nice of her.  As we look around we realize we are the only ones with no complimentary popcorn on our table, awesome. Our water comes and there is some kind of metal ring in one of them, awesome. I ordered the brisket which was good and had great sauces on the side. My girl had the Caesars salad, it was so so. Other then a couple things that were kind of annoying, the brisket was good and our waitress was very nice and helpful.
You get what you should expect on the strip with this place. The service is really hindered by a management practice of being under staffed. Our server apologized to us for a bottle neck at the bar because there was only one bartender on Saturday night at the busy hour. I asked if someone hadn't showed up, and she said, no, this is normal. We always have one bartender who goes insane trying to keep up at this time. Guess the customers' satisfaction and the bartender's sanity is not worth an extra hand. The beer selection is decent, and since you're paying strip prices, and each beer takes 15 minutes minimum, we got a whole pitcher of tripel. No complaints there! The food was good, and of course priced high. I got the lobster rolls which were so widely lauded. I was disappointed that the main ingredient was butter, and it overpowered every other flavor, ESP the lobster. I rubbed all the butter off a piece of lobster to be able to taste it, and it was honestly not very good without its butter bath. Disappointed that a supposedly high end restaurant cannot make a good lobster dish without applying a butter solution to mask any other flavor. The chili burger was actually really good. I recommend that one. We sat outside and enjoyed great people watching while we waited long spells between service visits. Overall, you could do worse on the strip.
I ordered the chicken parm slider. Mmmm, it was ohhkay. The crispy chicken wings were tasty! I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again. Our server was very nice though
This is my 3rd time at Todd's pub. This time we came for happy hour. Loved the chicken wings and the oysters!! Wife had the lobster cob salad, lots of lobster on top. Unfortunately our waitress was horrible. I hate when they become so nice when they bring the check.
Do not order the fish and chips, yuck. There was one sliver of fish which was like jerky and the rest was greasy batter. The place was over the top noisy. I would not go to this place again.
To start, the surly crab apple of a hostess seemed annoyed to have to seat us and was generally unfriendly. Then she seated another table and was slightly nicer to them. At least she told them the specials, a courtesy we were not extended.   The menu is big. And there really wasn't anything I wanted on it. In their defense, English pub fare really isn't my thing. But we were in the market for a good beer and am appetizer. I ordered the franzin-something or another hefeweizen on draft. It was ok. We ordered the junk chips which sucked big time. Messy and way too vinegary. As my father would say, it was a pile of slop.   We had two different waiters and they were both really nice. So I give them 2 stars, 1 for our waiters and 1 for the complimentary bucket of popcorn.
We came here for a quick dinner after watching O and before heading out to clubbing. We first wanted to come here cuz we liked to sit outdoor, but we got there right when they stopped seating outdoor.  The PUB was not very crowded. We quickly ordered our food so we could eat fast. We also checked in on Yelp and got free beers. I don't know why it took the server forever to bring out the beers while it was not many tables and many other servers were just chilling on the side.  We order 2 sliders which we hoped to come out with fries, but they didn't. The sliders were pretty good with flavorful meat, tomato, shredded lettuce, caramelized onion, thousand island sauce. We also had Bangers and Mash which had 2 grilled sausages and creamy mashed potato. The sausages were actually pretty good although they didn't look appealing. I don't like creamy mashed potato.. so i didn't like it.
Hung out at this place twice during a 2 day stay at Aria.  Cannot beat the happy hour prices and selection.  Honestly I'm so thankful we found this place when we did so we didn't have to pay the typical vegas drink prices.  Also loved the discounted wings for happy hour (nice sized!).  The rest of the food was a bit pricey for the quality, but that's Vegas for you.  Had the tomato onion salad which was fine....overdresses and small.  The patra-minis were tasty but also just ok.  But the drinks make up for the shortcomings.  Service was great too.
This was another stop on our crazy weekend of my cousin's bachelor party.   We stumbled (literally) into this place to drink and munch on some tasty noms. I was very happy that we did. This is a restaurant that I will be sure to frequent on future trips to las wages!   What I got to quench my thirsts:  Any place that serves yards of alcohol, gets two thumbs up from this guy!   They have a nice variety of beers and ciders on tap to choose from to fill your yard glass.   I chose to go with a cider. I am not too clear on what that particular cider was called but it was fruity with a pear/melon flavor?   What I shoved in my mouth after:  Drunk chips: House made chips, tomato, scallion, blue cheese crumbles, bbq beef ragu, scallion aioli.  Do I really need to explain why these were delicious?  Sliders: Mini beef burgers, caramelized onion, thousand island dressing, mini brioche, skinny fries  Once again just the discretion alone should get your mouth watering.   Great place with great food and atmosphere. I recommend eating outside on their patio if the weather permits.
Came across this pub on accident.   We tried going to wolf gang pucks .unfortunately they were closed and we came here.  They have an awesome happy hour and our waiter chris oneil was superb. We would definitely cone back and dine here again.  Lobster roll is on point and the burger was so juicy.  Definitely give this place a try.
I have had my substantial... well actually too many for one's own good, of Vegas affairs and visits in my lifetime. So I have seen, wined, dined, swam, raved, raged, raved, and raged etc... pretty much most places worth going to.  I have always thoroughly enjoyed Todd English P.U.B. conveniently located by the lobby of Aria.  This spot has been, the new up and coming place, and has flourished ever since.  Great place to come and grab some nice bar bites and as always a great selection of alcohol.  They have a very unique and special brew menu to choose from with beers coming from all corners of the world.  AAAAND wooow... their Bloody Marry's.... over the top crazy!  Very nice and original house mix... but their fixin's.... is literally like a bouquet of goodies overflowing from the top of your glass.  There is literally like a full meal of food dressing your glass, from chicken wings, to cold cuts, to shirmp, and even a crab leg, all blossoming out of your bloody marry.  Of course you can make it to your customized liking.  I think it was a bit too busy for me, so I will stick to the basics next time... but it was OH SO GOOD! :P  I always always ALLLWAYS bring the crew here for the seven second beer chug challenge!  It's a really fun way to get the party started during the day while hanging out and munching on some good eats.  You basically choose a premium $9 beer, and you have to chug a pint of it in 7 seconds and its $FREE.99 :P  You can do it twice.  Awesome way to get a free buzz going!  Of course please do tip your bar tender well!  The 7 second chug is quite doo-able, but if you need something easier to complete this challenge, try the Irish Creme beer they have, it is less carbonated and goes down way smoother.  Usually they don't let you, but if you rub the bar tender the right way, and you feel like a champ, try to do the 7sec chug with a nice dark stout and you will be good for a while.  Tried it a couple times and... yea... it unleashed the beast! :P  Finally.. on to the food... Yummmzzz!  Very tasty and creative.  We always get the Junk Chips to munch on and soak up the alchy.  It is pretty tasty with fresh cut and fried housemade chips loaded with bbq pulled beef, loaded with a house aioli and all the nacho type fixin's.  It is like a classy... nacho... on roids.  Their main dishes and entrees are very good as well.  They have a super wide array of eats from fresh salads, to lobster rolls, to fancy burgers, to a raw seafood bar, and grade A protein, there will be something to fancy your appetite!  Great upscale bar like atmosphere accompanied with friendly and welcoming service.  Not the cheapest place on the block to grab a bite and drinks, but heck, you're in Vegas... you didn't come here to save money. ;P  I will always pay a visit when I am in town!
Came to the pub for happy hour got a server named Chris O.took care of us Great service good food no complaints
Ate here last Wednesday afternoon-the food was good but later my Mom told me that her sliders tasted like they had been sitting out for awhile. I admonished her for not saying anything but she just shrugged. Definitely the type of place to come with friends and order a bunch of stuff to tackle together. We didn't even attempt the lengthy drink menu as we had just come from the spa.
Atendimento muito bom principalmente se for atendido pelo Brandon   Cara super legal. Comida muito boa. Happy hour vale muito a pena conferir.
Wow, this was a great find! My friend and I stopped in for lunch, we started off with mimosas. Yum. She ordered the grilled cheese, comes as a panini with cheese and bacon, great! I ordered the bologna sandwich, oh my, big toasted white bread, thin fried bologna, cheese, I added mustard and enjoyed this wonderful sandwich. Loved the presentation, comes wrapped inside a brown bag with kettle chips and a chocolate chip cookie. So many great things on the menu, gotta get back to try more! This is going to be one of my favorite places to eat!
Good place to catch a game as they have TV's all over the place.  Good draft beer selection as well as a full bar.  On weekends, they have a bloody mary stand though I didn't try it.  They have a 7 day a week happy hour with half off drafts and some food specials.  Ended up coming twice during my last Vegas stay.  Have had a buffalo burger, chili, and wings, all which I was satisfied with.  The prices are more than they should be, but its Vegas so what can you do.
Awesome place! This is the best selection for good beer I have found in Vegas. My wife and I stopped here for happy hour and had $1 IPA's and I had $1 wings. The wings were sizable and filling. I had 6. My wife went with an order of muscles which were very delicious as well. I did half of her order.  We ate outside and while it is off the beaten path; it is a nice quiet atmosphere. We are actually headed back for their $1 beer of the day again today.
I originally made reservations for Delmonico, but after realizing that it was just a little too expensive, I canceled and came here instead. I think I made the right choice.  It was close to the end of happy hour, so I got a big pint of Stella for half off. Between the husband and I, we got the little corn dogs, prime rib chili, a chicken BLT for me, a burger for him, and he got the chocolate shake for dessert. Everything was amazing, especially the chili. They even honored my request of replacing the arugula in the sandwich with romaine. (Hey, what's with the funny look?)  The service was great. The atmosphere was casual and loud, but not too much. It is a little pricey, but it's the Strip, and you get what you pay for. In my case, I paid for getting stuffed, buzzed, and happy.
Free bud light when you check in with yelp!!!  Dollar hot wings after 11 pm!!!  Skip the oysters because they were not plump and fresh.  The sliders are ok.  In general, this is a low maintenance place to grab drinks and some food if you are staying at Aria.  It's nothing fancy but it's good fun!
The food was pretty OK, it was kind of plain/bland. I liked the fries. Cool vibe inside and the service was friendly. It's very dark inside. I received a free beer for checking in on yelp too!
We had an awesome lunch out in their patio.  I've heard of Todd English but didn't think he was into "pubs." $1 Brooklyn lager -- great value.  Then we had some lobster rolls -- YUM.  The crab cake sliders were ok, but would definitely go back for the lobster roll.  I know you're probably thinking... lobster at a PUB??  But you gotta try it!  Besides they have sliders, fries, and all the other standard stuff too.
The menu looks good, nice pub atmosphere &  convenient if you're staying in the Aria.... But...the food was missing something even though it was pricey for bar type food. Chicken Parmesan sliders ($15 for 3)were bland & boring The $2 oyster of the day was meh. Quiche Lorraine ($14) was bland. Hot dog ($16) was huge but unimpressive. It came with fries which I dipped in their black truffle mayo. This was the only tasty item. The service was good but won't return for $60 (with tip) lunch that was blah.
We had good service that's where it ended. Food was bland and pretty tasteless. Lobster rolls were more bread than lobster and then had no flavor. Todd's Tacos had no seasoning and a weird sauce that shouldn't be on Mexican food.  Would not go back.
We stopped here both trips to Vegas in 2013.  A fun bar with great pub food.  Fast drinker?! Try the 7 second challenge - down a beer in 7 seconds and its free.  Needless to say - I did not attempt, but my husband did with time to spare!  (Not sure I should be proud....)  Anywho - service was a little on the slow side, considering we were in during the early afternoon and it was not very crowded.  However, did enjoy the bartenders recommendations (even though he doesn't drink.)  He goes on what is popular and word of mouth - he was right every time.  Lobster salad sliders for lunch were to die for.  3 mini sliders toasted with butter and huge chunks of sweet lobster.  served with a side of homemade kettle chips - nice crunchy and delicious.  Very happy with my meal choice, a good stop in Vegas.
Pub not.  Museum feel, open, patio dining, woodsy, with the feeling of it's the place to be.  With over 70 draft beers, and a menu as wide as it is deep = awesomeness.  A bit overpriced for the beers ($9+) and food is my guess for its overall low ratings.  I got a free pint of bud light (Yelp check-in offer), and a half pound of beef brisket carvery ($19).   Super tender, and super good.  Came with choice of bread, and 2 sauces of choice (creamy horseradish and the mustard trio).  Sports on the TVs, cool music, and a barrel of peanuts which I went ape for.  The girls working here would be rated "normal", are wearing Daisy Duke type outfits.  At the bar, professional yet fun bartenders steal the roost.  Especially when double happy hours are promoted: 3p-6p, 10p-1a.  All in all, a great outing. Thumbs up.
Todd English's PUB is a fun place to visit in Vegas. They have a great beer selection (draught), not your typical American crap lagers. This was the first place I tried Innis and Gunn (a Scottish beer) and they served it at the perfect temperature. Of all the other places I've had it, no one comes close to serving it right.   The happy hour prices are awesome: 50% off draught beers. Prices are otherwise high (lots of draughts start at $12+), but, as previously mentioned, they are good beers (lots of craft and European beers). You also get to sample their draught beers, so you don't have to blindly commit to a random beer you may not like. I have only sat at the bar, so I have never eaten food here. I can't comment on the food, but it appears their raw seafood bar is popular.   The service at the bar has always been the same. Every time we go (my gf and I) our bartender will take a while to actually serve us (not too long, but longer than expected with the number of patrons that are present) and they won't be too talkative. However, the longer we stay the nicer they get. They are very informative on their beers and offer samples to the beers we are interested in trying. We have not met one bad bartender and we, honestly, have loved each bartender that has helped us. In fact, even the dishwasher at the bar was informative and very helpful as well.   The only reason I give this place -1 star is for the price outside of happy hour. I understand it's Vegas and it's located within their high-end mall, but the prices are still extravagant. The PUB at Monte Carlo next door has a great selection of beers also, but they are not nearly as expensive. Regardless, this is a great establishment with great beer and wonderful service. I would recommend this place to anyone and have made this a place that I will frequent anytime I'm in Vegas.
Overpriced bland food. Expensive beer on an expansive selection.  Housed in the upscale Crystals mall next to the Aria Todd English's PUB has an air of old English pub with enough upscale to expect quality food and a steep check. It lives up to the steep check expectation. Service is good. Server wore a Steelers jersey and took good natured ribbing from the Seahawk's 12th man in good stride.  Bangers and Mash: This is the quintessential English Pub dish. This is a miss. the mash was prepared correctly but tasted like a mix of fresh potatoes and boxed instant mash. The bangers.... cooked but no flavor. None. Literally tastes like someone pulled the bangers out of the freezer and threw them in a pot of boiling water. How hard is it to season your food?  Fish and chips: Truffle fries were excellent. Fish was meh. Again lacks seasoning or any sense of flavor. Even Morton's frozen fish has more flavor.
Good food, fun and fast bartenders. We sat at the bar, I think it was much better than if we sat at a table. The oysters were delicious we did a mixed plate of half east coast and half west. Very fresh tasting. I enjoyed the potstickers very much, but my husband thought they were just ok. We split the ribeye. It was cooked perfectly. If you are up to the challenge flip the hourglass and down a beer in seven seconds to get it for free. Hubby completed the challenge, I took a pass. ;) Don't underestimate the desert. The brownie ala mode was one of the yummiest things I ever have had in my mouth lol.
I like this place it was clean, and had good seating to watch football. drank a lot of beer! the happy hour was ok, I didn't really care for the options offered. oh wait the wings and oysters (strange comb yes) I took full advantage of...   all in all nice spot for good food in casual setting and good beer.
I enjoyed Todd English P.U.B. very much. I ordered a mint chip shake to start, which is kind of backwards, but it was delicious. My friend and I stopped in on our way back from shopping and before getting ready for a show. After eating so much heavy food in Vegas, it was nice to be able to walk in somewhere and be out of there in an hour or less.  The atmosphere is fun, and the location is great as it is near all the shopping at Crystals. I ordered the lobster cobb, and there was good amount of lobster on the salad, which made me a happy girl and I LOVE lobster. My friend had the roasted chicken pot pie, and it looked delicious as well.   I'm not sure why this place doesn't have better reviews. For what I was looking for at the time, an easy place to grab dinner in between shopping and a show, it hit the spot.
It's a bit pricy, but can't expect much else around Aria in Las Vegas.  I enjoyed the chicken pot pie ($18), not being in the mood for a burger.  The filling was just the right texture; rich and creamy without being overly heavy.  Chicken inside was perfectly tender and crust was flakey but not dry and thick enough to really get something out of it.  Served in a large oval bowl which was more than enough for a meal.  Overall, excellently balanced meal to enjoy on a cool evening in the desert with a Belgian beer, or three.
My review will strictly be on what I ordered:  Lobster Rolls - I honestly got this because apparently this is one of the more popular items.  While these were decent, I would not recommend them to anyone ESPECIALLY if you have never had a lobster roll in the past.  The lobster they use doesn't have a genuine sweetness to it and they load it with lobster claws, which in my opinion, lacks flavor and texturally is off-putting.  For what it was it was decent, but being that it was DROWNING in mayo turned me off.  Lobster is rich as is, so let the lobster speak for itself.  For certain they do not use maine lobster (a more traditional lobster roll approach) because as I mentioned, the sweetness was greatly lacking.  Sliders - Definitely get these with the truffle mayo.  I do not say this because I am hyped up on truffle, but because I truly enjoy truffle.  Unless you don't mind regular ol' thousand island then stick to that.  Belgian Beer Flight - loved this, all 5 were superb and different.  Sour beer - I absolutely adore sours and this tasted as if you bit into a sour apple and chased each bite with a nice red.  OVERALL:  This place scream pub fare and is a great way to escape vegas life.  It made me feel like I was back in Cali at a local pub, enjoying some eats and brews with good company.  Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
We came to Todd English P.U.B. for a friends birthday after a night at the Cosmo ice skating rink.  I definitely wanted to visit this place, being that Todd English is a 4-time James Beard award winner.  Yum, I heard the place was located in Crystals mall, so what a great opportunity to Yelp and top notch place on the strip!  We originally parked at the Cosmo and walked over to Crystals.  There's a convenient over pass, but let me tell you, the restaurant is situated in a little nook in the mall, so make sure you keep your eyes open!  Once you get in the place, you'll notice the round circular lamp chandeliers.  The lighting is a bit dim and offers a romantic/intimate setting.  One of the immediate focal points is the seafood bar.  When I went there, not much of the seafood was displayed, rather a bunch of crushed ice.  We were sat in the back where you say a cool exposed brick wall.  You got to see the expediter station and where the food was being cooked!  I love exposed kitchens.  It contributes to the intimate type setting, like you have a personal chef! Our servers name was Corey.  He was a cool guy, really nice and accommodating.  He checked on our table once in a while and didn't breathe down our neck which was very much appreciated.  Some restaurants provide a basket of bread before the meal.  This place, oddly enough, gives a small bucket of popcorn.  To me, it says cheap.  I'm not really a fan of that.  I'd put that in the same boat as giving peanuts.  Not something I really expected from a Todd English establishment, but it did the trick.  For my drink, I got the Gnarly Head Pinot Grigio for $11 a glass.  Heads up, if you check in to Yelp, you get a free 12oz glass of light beer!  I got that too :) LOL. For dinner, I got the New Amsterdam burger for $18.  This burger is a 10oz beef patty, shaved pastrami, kraut, Swiss cheese, picklelilly and fatty fries.  I got the patty medium rare which was perfectly cooked, the shaved pastrami was nice and salty.  I asked for the kraut on the side, but should had it on the burger like it came.  Offered a tangy element and a light crunchy texture to the burger.  The fatty fries were little wedges, nothing groundbreaking but they did give a lot!  At the end of the day, the place was better than OK. I wouldn't mind going back to try the seafood as it looks like a highlight to the restaurant.  Thanks for a great birthday dinner for my friend!
Four of us went at 5pm on a Wednesday evening for Happy Hour/dinner. For HH there is a huge selection of draught beer and wines by the glass that are half off.  There is also a $10/bottle of wine special where you can choose from Cabernet or Chardonnay. My brother had the  steak tacos and said they were the best tacos he's had.  I had the vegetarian option- the portabello mushroom sandwich.  It came topped with roasted red peppers, spinach, cheese, and aioli.  By far the best I've had, and being a vegetarian, I've had quite a few of these over the years. It also came with a side of pickled vegetables, delicious! The parents had burgers.  Dad had the huge buffalo style burger, which came with enough fatty fries for at least 2 people.  Mom had 2 HH sliders at $3 each and was full. We were impressed with the price ($105 w/tip) for a bottle of wine, 2 beers, 3 hearty, fresh, quality entrees, and 2 sliders. Our server, Kimberly was super helpful and friendly to boot.  We'll definitely be returning.
Fried pickles were amazing, bangers and mashed were recommended to me by a visiting British cop and I loved then.  You have to do the 7 second, it's easy if you don't pick a heavy beer.  English beer flight was well worth it as well.  Overall I will be back for sure.
This review is for when my husband and I were there on New Year's Eve. So, I don't know if this is how it normally is.  It's a fun atmosphere, the decorations are fun, and they some of the tables have the opinion of pulling your own beers=pretty cool concept.  They also do a think were if you can chugg a beer in under 2 mins.; they pay for the beer (stipulations apply I'm sure) but people were doing it that night.  The service was 2/5-they were kind of pushy and not very friendly.   And I wasn't impressed with the price. We got two beers, and the dirty chips. The bill was 45 dollars. That seems unjustifiably  high to me.   Won't be back. Too many good places to try to bother returning to overpriced and mediocre.
Second time in Vegas, second time at Todd English PUB -   Overall on both trips I found the food to be good - a modern take / update on simple pub food - this trip had the shrimp as an appetizer - good but I also feel like any place on this level shouldn't screw this up - and the New Amsterdam - that burger was great - good flavor with a lot going on.  My only complaint for this place was prices of some items - I get that its in Vegas and on the strip prices can be a little inflated, but $8 for a PBR and $9 for a Bud Light seems a little steep especially considering I was able to order a great craft beer for just a few dollars more rather than having a BUD....
I came here for my friend's birthday.  She wanted to do something chill but had heard about their lobster rolls so that's what we got!  Yay: -Lobster rolls: nice buttery rolls, perfectly cooked lobster with a side of chips.  I'm not a huge fan of lobster because it can get overwhelming and tough but they cooked it really well here.  Plus the ratio of mayo to the lobster was good as well.  Other: -Loaded chips: Freshly made potato chips, with bbq beef ragu, cheese and some sort of cream sauce.  The bbq in this is definitely strong. Get this if you like the taste of bbq.  The beef ragu was scarce, barely had any.  One of my friends didn't even know there was beef in it and we had already gotten through almost half.  It's a huge order though, so enough to share.  I had to ask for extra cream sauce to tame the bbq flavor.  Chips were nice and crispy, didn't seem oily. -Service: it was okay.  Our waitress wasn't that attentive.  It was kind of loud in there but it seemed like every time we would try to flag her down or say something to her before she walked off, we were ignored.  She also spilled one of our drinks on a portion of a table and never cleaned it up even after she said she was going to come back to clean it.
I did't have mane expectation and was pleasant surprised!
Don't have to say anything more than these four words ... Brown. Butter. Lobster. Rolls. Absolutely incredible. I've never eaten that slow in my life. I didn't want it to end.
Place is pretty good but expensive! Almost everything on the menu is $20 bucks or more! Had the lobster rolls which was good. They have lots of beer on tap.. Pretty fun crowd. If your only in the crystal palace mall/Aria area this is worth the short walk but i wouldn't go out of my way to just come here.
Awesome beer challenge and great atmosphere!  Games and great crowd. Had it twice. More impressed the first time with service but can't complain to much about my second experience.
I had the seare tuna with sake bomb..amazing..the lobster rolls were awesome. .and u must try the Dirty Chips..crey crey good
Stopped in after seeing La Rve and on my way back to my room at Vdara. It was later in the evening, so I just wanted a beer and something to ensure I wouldn't get hungry in the middle of the night. Well, I did get a beer, but I ended up at Jean Patisserie for some cold sandwiches after the laughable experience I had at P.U.B.  Initially, my server came across like a pretty decent guy, but after a short time he seemed to be bothered by mother and I. We were obviously not a priority to him by any means. This was very clear when I watched him pick up my drinks from the bar for a moment, place them back down, pick up another party's, and walk out onto the dining floor. This was also very clear when he served us our appetizer before finally retrieving our drinks. Wtf? Is he new? No restaurant I've ever been to has thought that was the acceptable order service. I highly doubt that one founded by Todd English would feel differently.  My appetizer of fried pickles was also ridiculously soggy. So much so that even though I was very hungry, I ate two bites and couldn't bring myself to take another. Sitting under the heating lamps too long while my server socialized with other, more familiar, patrons? That's my best guess.  Finally, when I decided I'd had enough of P.U.B. for one lifetime, I ended up having to tell the bartender I wanted my check - minus the nasty pickles - because the server had put my table on ignore. It was like he thought, "Hey, they got their drinks and pickles. What else could they want?" He actually walked past once without a glance since setting down the drinks, but that was all I had seen of him for 10-15 minutes. Again, no restaurant I've ever been to has thought it acceptable for a server to not ask how everything is shortly after serving it. But perhaps I've been living on a different planet, or in the Twilight Zone or something...who knows...  To summarize: This place sucks. With all the places to get a drink and bite to eat just in Aria alone, I don't understand why anyone would ever go here unless by mistake; like me. Don't be fooled about this restaurant, people. It's nothing like what you'd expect from an establishment boasting Todd English's name, and located in one of the most beautiful hotel and casinos in Las Vegas.
Very disappointing. We enjoyed Olive and thought we'd try this new place and it is no where close to the same quality. Great beer on tap selection but the chicken pot pie was just a step above acceptable with a thick biscuit top rather than the flaky pastry top normally used. The chicken seemed like it was cut months ago and very little vegetables. Not what I expected and apparently the same for others as it was virtually empty on a Friday evening. Wings special appetizer wasn't bad, but the Bleu Cheese dressing was only OK. Go to Olives if you need an English fix!
Todd English is a diamond in the rough!  I was traveling solo and staying at the Aria.  I was pleasantly surprised to find a place with a bar that I could pull up and take a seat.  Excellent wings, salad, and beer choices.  The staff is also a highlight of this place.  I look forward to going back next time I'm in town.
The junk fries and the lobster salad were to die for. Been there twice this trip and they are fantastic! The bad: draft beer is $10 each.
Food: excellent Service: excellent Location: Can't be beat Our server was awesome, the food was great.  The junk chips(huge portion- a 10!), lobster rolls, and brisket plate were all very tasty.  Near the entrance of Aria leading to great people watching.  Pass on the wings... Not that great and definitely not crispy as advertised.  The second day we showed up at 3pm it was happy hour- 1/2 price drafts and $1 wings and $2 sliders.  We ate it up.  At the end of our visit, the sever gave us each a small cup of his favorite brew.  Busboy was off the chain good prompting us to tip him as well.  You can smell the great management in this place.  All in all, it's rather spendy but commensurate with the area.  Still a great restaurant with fantastic service.
4.5 stars, but rounding up because Todd English is a welcome change of pace from the rest of the restaurants and nonsense around the strip.   Had a great time there, superb beer menu unlike many slightly more snobby pubs on the Strip. Beers from around the world and a healthy variety of small craft brews. I had a couple different ones while I was there and will definitely try more when I go back  Had the duck buns for my appetizer and they were delicious. I realize this kinda contradicts the overall tone of this review that it was nice to have some pub food as duck buns aren't really what you'd expect from a pub, but somehow they fit well. The meat was delicious, well cooked and the buns were great as well.   Had the tacos for my entree and they were superb. Just delicious, nothing like some tacos and beer for a dinner. The tacos had this tasty and creamy but not overly heavy sauce on them which was maybe the best part. All too many places also overload with cabbage and such but that wasn't the case at all at Todd English.   Again, I think the thing I like most about Todd English is that it was almost like an escape from the Strip, just the overall atmosphere was a pleasant departure. And the food and beer were great. Would definitely go back!
This place has a fun atmosphere and decent happy hour prices. The food isn't a steal but the servers are friendly and clearly enjoy working there. The have a couple fun things that I have not seen at a restaurant before. You can sit at a table near the bar and have your own beer taps at the table that just keep track of how much you have had to drink. They also have some hourglass timers at the bar that if you can finish a beer in less than 7 seconds its free (up to two beers). If you are chosing between slightly overpriced and generic spots to grab a drink this one tops the rest!
From a 1 being horrible and a 5 being awesome:  Food - 2 Service - 4 Atmosphere - 2 Price - 1  The food here was pretty bad and paying 3x what it was worth made it taste a lot worse.
Come for the great draft beer selection and the tuna burger. Make sure you ask for Chris as your server, he was awesome!
Only scoring a two star because the food was edible and the vibe of the place was very cool. After spending a lot of dough on an amazing meal at STK the night before we decided on a more casual less expensive (or so we thought!) one. Todd English has gotten a lot of buzz on Top Chef so why not? Well this is why not: the food was ridiculously overpriced, carelessly made and couldn't hold a candle to any nickel and dime pub in Great Britain for a tenth of the cost. My $20 plate of corned beef was so cold I had to send it back, when it came back the flavor wasn't even up to Costco's high standard and the cioppino tasted like a pile of boiled seafood doused with a canned spaghetti sauce. I nearly spit up a gold tooth when I saw the bill was $87 before the tip!! $20 for one beer flight of four tiny tastes? Really? The only thing I enjoyed about my meal was the French onion soup but beware for $9 it'll be half the size of the one you are used to. This place is a miss for me. Not coming back unless Todd invites me to dine for free.
OK I know Vegas has a lot of great places to eat. Here is another one. The bartender and the food couldnt ask for better services and food. Tuna tarta great start. Anything on the menu is great. My GF ate there all week.
I actually had my wedding dinner here after our ceremony. It was an unusual choice but i wanted something casual and near our hotel. This seems liked the place. They had a catering menu we ordered off, it wasn't cheap, but they provided enough food for everyone and everything for the most part was decent. I would say it was a couple steps up from bar food. The best thing was they made our wedding cake, which was $75, cute, feed all 20 of us and was delicious!!!! (red velvet with cream cheese frosting) I probably wouldnt come here again next time were in Vegas just due to all the different places to try, but if you want an upscale bar with food, you should check them out.
Good bar food.  The beer flights were somewhat interesting and overpriced.  I'd prefer if I could choose the flights rather than having a Pabst blue ribbon.    The pastrami sandwich came unassembled: pastrami, bread, mustard, and pickles on separate plates.  very tasty!  Not all the seats have good views, I was stuck behind a big pillar.  Luckily the waitress was friendly enough to switch the only tv I could see over to a NBA game.    good food, good beer, good service, and good entertainment is the meaning of life.    there was a lady in the washroom who provided nothing but annoyance.  I dislike the concept of bathroom attendants with a passion.  not once has an attendant provided any service I couldn't get without them.
Yes. This is a great place for slightly higher quality bar food.  The portions are large and the service is great.  This was a pre-concert spot to satisfy hunger and booze needs and it did the job.  A great spot for large groups, I believe happy hour specials as well.  Lobster Roll for the win!   I highly recommend checking out this spot, you will be happy.
Just stopped in for a pint. The bartender was friendly while giving me tastes, but the beer was wildly overpriced & the atmosphere was eclectic almost to the degree of headache inducing. Not a bar for beer lovers.
Located behind the front desk at the Aria Resort & Casino, The Pub is Todd English's take in the gastropub, which seems to be the hot thing in Vegas at the moment, if not the whole country.  The establishment is well set up with ample seating inside and outside, with the latter being next to the flower bed and rock sculpture. Inside, there is an enormous bar surrounding a huge wall of alcohol, with drinks, food and other specials listed on blackboards. They also have an hour glass rotator spaced evenly throughout the bar seating, but more on that later.   The place has 70 different types of beer on hand from various regions, including Belgium and the United States, along with Trappist beer made by monks.   While there are other locations in Vegas that offer 100, any beer aficionado will find something they like. However, the star of the show in my opinion is the TE Bloody Mary. It's probably the best BM I've had in a long time, with a generous amount of spice and kick to really get the senses going. It comes with a variety of accouterments, including pickled carrots, green beans, olives and cheddar cheese. This drink is a nice beverage and meal rolled into one. I would recommend this to anyone stopping by here, it's that good!  The food on the other hand is hit or miss. While they claim to have a raw bar, I felt it really missed the mark, with the oysters improperly shucked and not very fresh. It was the biggest disappointment as I am a huge fan and was hoping to have something close to satisfy that craving.   I also ordered their hot dog, which was okay. Look wise, it's a beast, at a whopping  foot long (possibly bigger) and more than enough for two people. The dog was split a third of the way down to fill it with cheddar cheese which was a nice touch. The brioche bun also took this American staple to a higher level but that's where it really ends. While the bun was nice and soft, the meat to bread ratio was grossly off, opting for big and large presentations over taste. The sausage also didn't have the kind of snap I was looking for. It may have been different with the chili and onion option but I don't think another $5 addition to an already expensive meal ($20) was worth it.   Not bad by any means but definitely not great.   The hour glass at the bar however, is super interesting, especially if you are coming with friends. The 7 second hour glass challenge allows daredevils to down a beer before the sand runs out. Those that are successful get their beer for free and you can do this twice a day. Pretty sweet for those looking for a raucous good time.   Overall, an okay spot but nothing I haven't seen or experienced elsewhere.
The Vibe: A pub and restaurant so you get the benefit of both!!  It's crazy on the weekends since they offer this "drink a pint in 7 seconds and it's free" deal.  It's a trendy pub, not traditional and not divey.  The Attire: It's at Crystals Shopping complext, which means $$$$.  So you could dress low key, but may feel a tad out of place.  More like Business casual.  But woman will need to dress "sexy casual" to feel they fit in.  Consider: They offer loads of European craft beer, so that's a plus, but don't expect anything offered by local breweries.  Also, the location makes this place an expensive option.  It's a beautiful pub, and on low key times like late weeknights, it's easy to get a seat and have some great convo with the bartenders!
Has officially become our first or second stop when in town--2013 has seen me visit Vegas 8 different times, so this place definitely receives my loyalty!  This place is a trendy version of an English pub so you have your traditional pub fare with a luxurious twist. They also have a good selection of craft beer from all around the world, and a "7 second challenge"--finish a pint in 7 seconds or less and it's on the house. I've tried it twice with a 50% success rate (pro tip, try one of the cream ales such as boddington's, belhaven, or guinness)  Will continue coming here unless this place takes a nosedive--something tells me that won't be the case.  Cheers!
I brought a couple clients to a lunch here today and had drinks and entrees. I noticed hallway through my lobster salad that there was soggy paper towel in the salad. How disgusting!!! This is supposed to be a high end place?? So I didn't make a big deal because I know mistakes happen but I was grossed out and didn't finish the salad as my clients finished up eating. They even made a few comments about it and I said it's not a big deal. I mentioned to the bidder and the server that my salad had the paper and pointed it out. They both basically said is there something you would like me to do? If I knew my company made a mistake I would just correct it ink stead of asking the customer to ask me to correct it. Maybe comp the salad? So I let it go, then I decided a few hours later to call and complain, because the bill was $125 for three people for lunch with one drink.... So I talked to the manager tonight who basically asked for the servers name, didn't really address the fact that my salad was complete trash ($25 salad). And basically blew it off with the comment, "I will make sure the chef knows to make sure there isn't paper in salads." Help me understand, why do you need to tell your chef to not put paper in the food? I would have expected the manager to say, I am so sorry, come in tomorrow and I will take care of you. Or maybe a gift card or an apology or maybe something?!?! I got totally blown off. I have several trips to Vegas annually and go out to eat 3x a day, needless to say, they won't be getting one of those meals in the future. Mon ami gabi on the other hand was delish today at breakfast. I think I'll go there for lunch tomorrow and dinner on Thursday!
The food was okay at best-had a 4 shrimp cocktail appetizer and fish and chips. My bill was over $50 -has to be the most overpriced place that I've eaten in Vegas for the quality which was fair at best I would avoid this place other than for a beer.
Bad food and expensive beer. The fries were way too salty and pretzels were super greasy. Won't come back.
Definitely a fun place when you're hungover and need a place to get you ready for round 3 or 4..   They have a bloody mary that is served with a mini slider... super delicious.  The slider is perfect. They also have a tasty mini pastrami which is equally great. The fires are right on.   Its fun.  Its easy.  Its tasty.
Rating is based on service though food was bland. Restaurant was not busy yet we had to ask the busboy who our waiter was. I couldn't tell you one thing about this establishment. Waitress was disinterested and unfriendly. We let the manager know about the service and he offered us a house meal on our next visit. However, we declined. I would not eat at this restaurant again.   I had the fish and chips which was bland. Girlfriend had the chicken pot pie which was decent. Would not recommend.
Loved the food!  Started with the Belgian beer flight.  All the beers were delicious.  Try the Moscow Mules, they were also delicious.  The lobster rolls, crab cakes, brisket on fried potato cakes and Asian duck on buns were phenomenal.  Carved turkey, lamb, roast beef and corn beef were served with an assortment of toasted breads and sauces.  Everything was wonderful but I enjoyed the corn beef and turkey the best.  Onto dessert.  We had sticky toffee pudding which was great.  However the bread pudding was the best i have ever had.  Great service and great food.  Pricey? Yes, but that's Vegas.  That's the way it is.
We were brought here before a big night out, so we knew it was time to fuel up. We had a group of 5 and were seated promptly. The place was busy, so there was a few hiccups in getting our waiters attention, but it was nothing major.   I ordered the fish and chips. It was good, but the fish wasn't as crispy as I would've expected it to be. Everyone eyed my one friend jealously, she ordered the lobster roll and raved about it. If I ever have the chance to go back, I would definitely opt for that. As far as prices go, I felt it pretty well priced for what you got. Over all good experience.
I came to Todd English PUB after a lunch at Smith and Wollensky. So I wouldn't normally be down in this area. I felt the place overall was overpriced. I like the decor and the menu was plentiful but overpriced non the less.  I came for happy hour which gave some relief on the drink prices but a side of fries was $9. I had their sangria which is basically wine with a little bit of peach at the bottom. I wouldn't go out of my way to venture here again.
Stopped in here for lunch. Obviously a really great location if you're staying in the area of Aria. It's a good option for something a little more casual, as a lot of the other options in and directly around the casino are more upscale.  With it being right on the walkway from Aria towards the mall and Cosmo beyond, it's a solid place to watch the crowd go by, which in Vegas, can always be entertaining.   The P.U.B. (Public Urban Bar) has, as one would expect and hope, a pretty outstanding selection of beers, both on tap and in bottle. We were served by the barkeep very promptly, and as we were fairly starving after a long flight, it fortunately did not take long to get our food.  I tried the Buffalo Style Burger which was served with blue cheese, hot sauce and slaw. Really outstanding. Their fries were great too.   At $18 for a burger, it's definitely on the pricier side, but what else would you expect right outside the casino door? If I get the opportunity, I'll head back here for some more brews and snacks, though I'd probably try to hit up the happy hour to keep the cost contained.
My review is for brunch though after my amazing meal, i can only imagine how good the rest of the menu is. The service was attentive.  The waitress gave us each a Make-Your-Own Bloody Mary sheet and explained it.  I ordered one with bacon and Old Bay and it was freaking amazing.  A friend ordered a totally different one and it was equally amazing yet totally different.  If you love bloody marys, this is the place! I ordered the Chilaquiles and my boyfriend had the biscuits and gravy (which comes with a frosty pint of PBR).  Both dishes were awesome and the portions are huge.  Our friends ordered the quiche and the french toast... both also awesome.  The best was the "side" of bacon that was ordered.  It was more like an entire PACK of bacon.  There had to have been at least 15 strips on the plate... which if you love bacon, is defintiely not an issue.  The prices are on par for Vegas and for a higher end brunch.  The outside seating right outside of Aria is nice.  SInce it is recessed from the sidewalk on the strip, it's quieter than sitting, say at Diablo's or on the patio of Mon Ami Gabi. I cannot wait to visit again and try the happy hour and lunch/dinner menu.  We still cannot stop talking about this brunch!
Fun and cool pub right inside the Aria!  The Pub burger and lobster sandwich was great.  Beer selection is strong, although I expected a bit more.    Overall, fun place to eat at and enjoy a cold beer!
Food was really good. Tuna burger was to die for! Lobster roll and oysters! Was really good  i would recommend this place the only thing why i didn't like about this restaurant was the servers were not good at all. After i told our server my order and i actually wasn't done with the menu she saw that i was still reading it and she grabbed it from me. I told her i wasn't done with the menu! That just didn't make me wanna visit the place again.
Great experience! Drinks are delicious but a bit pricy at $14-16 per cocktail but it is Vegas...the Lobster rolls were loaded with lobster great dish! The roasted chicken pot pie was not your traditional pie the filling was too cheesy for my taste and the biscuit topping was dense and lacking that flakey texture you expect. Perfect place for large groups.  Oysters are fresh and the house made horseradish sets em off! $2 each Hostess seemed highly stressed was very short with us. Our waitress however was very friendly and attentive.
Checked out this place on a recommendation from a family member who eats at this place whenever they come to Las Vegas.   The food wasn't bad, but definitely was over priced. The staff is pretty friendly, and the environment wasn't too shabby either. Unless you feel like spending $15-$20 for appetizers, I would pass...
Amazing beer selection. Nicest bar we found the whole time I was in Vegas. Also if you can drink a beer in less than 7 seconds it's free. Great American food and excellent staff! If I ever go to Vegas again, I will definitely come back.
If you're looking for a casual but still delicious place to eat before a night out (or a night in, but since we're talking about Vegas a night in just doesn't make sense), then TE PUB is the place! Went here with some co-workers and we sat at the bar. The bartenders were friendly and helpful with the menu since we were from out of town. She suggested Lobster Rolls so we went with Lobster Rolls. She hit the nail on the head. Lobster Rolls were freaking fantastic. So incredibly good and a good deal for the price tag too. As far as beer goes - they have everything. I had a free beer from checking in on Yelp which the bartender seemed a little peeved about (psh! is all I have to say), but the experience was still worth going back for. Again...get the Lobster Rolls. You won't regret it.
This is my go to spot every time me and my friends go to Vegas. The atmosphere is great and the food is delicious! Even though the majority of us get the same thing every time we come, which is the LOBSTER ROLLS! Best lobster roll I've ever had, they aren't stingy with the amount of lobster and the rolls they use are to die for. Warm buttery goodness. I would definitely recommend people to come here and be the judge for themselves and I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
I came here the weekend of my 21st birthday and I honestly don't think I've ever encountered better service. Our server was sweet and her recommendations on what to order were delicious! We ended up getting the mac and cheese and mini corn dogs for appetizers. The mac and cheese is phenomenal! I split a lobster roll with my friends which was bomb as well. The bartender overheard that it was my birthday and he treated us to a round of shots.  And I guess you get a free ice cream sandwich when it's your birthday, yum! Overall it was a great experience and I'm definitely coming back to try their happy hour menu and drinks. Couldn't really manage the first time because we were too hungover.
Highs: quality food, good service, some decent happy hour prices  Lows: tiny portions at high prices
Came with friends on St. Patrick's Day to enjoy some craft beers.  If you check in with Yelp you get a free Bud Light.  You can also get up to 2 free beers ($10 or less) if you are brave enough to chug them in under the time allowed by the bar top hourglass (7ish seconds).  Happy hour includes half priced pints which run around $5-$8.  You can also get $1 wings and deals on sliders/oysters.  Our female bartender was very friendly and made sure we were having a good time!
Ate here with my family. We did not like the food but,  we were at least charged a lot for it. Thanks.
Well the wife and I have been to Todd English Pub on about 5 or 6 occasions. Overall, the pros are their happy hours, when draft beer and wines by the glass are half price. They also have some food specials during happy hour. It's also a pretty happening place, because people from everywhere flock to get cheap craft beer on the Strip.  The decor is nice and sitting at the bar is my preferred choice if it's available. As a whole, I have never been excited about the food here. The service is great, but other than the raw oysters and the fries, nothing really stands out as far as food. My other pet peeve is that they don't really replace their beers when they kick, unless they have another keg of the same beer. Invariably, I wind up ordering a few beers only to find out that they are out of it.   Oh well, cheap beer on the Strip is still cool, but I will likely eat elsewhere.
I've been here a few  times while attending events for work and staying at the Aria next door. I like the beer selection and the bartenders are good. Beer prices are crazy though! Come on, $12 for a Palm? I do realize this is tourist country but so is where I live in Orlando and a Palm here is in the $5-6 range. Best time to go is during their happy hours when things are priced at "normal" levels (1/2 off). Food was consistently good but also overpriced. Almost $20 for their PUB Burger.  I will say I had my best beer ever here (The Abyss) when I went last year on a recommendation from the staff. Would be a solid 4 stars if not for the prices.
A large group of us went for reverse happy hour. Most of us were pretty happy with our drinks and meals. I, however, being the only one that ordered oysters on the half shell was not. I had a dozen oysters and 8/12 had major shell/sand issues inside. I was so disappointed. Luckily I had split an order of sliders with a friend and was able to eat those instead.
This place was amazing. Would have been 5 stars, but their drinks were over-priced. I guess they feel they have a captive audience, but there are other pubs in Vegas. Service was excellent - both attentive and friendly. Servings were generous, especially on the apps there was enough for a group to share. Had the fried pickles and lobster roll - Delicious! I will definitely come back when next in Vegas.
The server was okay. My brother'a burger was over cooked. The fish in the fish & chips was good. Over priced for quality.
I am so disappointed with my recent lunch experience here. After passing by it on several trips to Vegas, I was dying to give this place a try, but I never seemed to have enough time to fit in in to my stay. This past weekend, however, I made it a point to finally try it out and I was so extremely disappointed. I wanted to love it, I thought I was going to love it, but it was actually one of the worst dining experiences I've had in an incredibly long time.  We were seated right away at an outside table, which was nice. Our waiter immediately came over to take our drink order, which was also great, except we weren't ready to order. They have a pretty good beer selection so we needed another minute to think it over. That's when it all went down hill. Although he had seemed eager to get our order in when we first sat down, he then seemed to forget about us completely. We had long waits between waiter sightings, and often had to ask other waiters to find ours. He would halfheartedly apologize for a wait, but then disappear all over again, not to be seen until we found someone to track him down. It was crazy! There was a party of 6 sitting across from us, then a party of 4, then another party of 4... so 3 larger parties all came, ate, and left by the time we had gotten our food! We were just a party of 2...  The food was on the pricier side for what it was, so I was expecting high quality. I ordered the sliders, and was disappointed when I tried them. They weren't bad, they just weren't good. They weren't juicy or flavorful as I had been expecting. I had just recently had some amazing beef sliders in AZ (for half the price) and these didn't even come close. I would say the food was average, and not worth the price tag. The service was beyond terrible. We did more work than our waiter did, having to flag people down and ask them to find him repeatedly. Overall, it was a very disappointing experience and I won't be going back.
Loved the beer selection at TODD ENGLISH PUB. They have maybe 50 craft and rare imports on tap. But holy crap, way too Vegas expensive!!  Green Flash Palate Wrecker, for example, was $14 for a tulip...   Call me cheap, but that was too much. Even for Vegas.  2.5 stars
I only had the Happy Hour here, but it was great. Not actually great, but better than most of what you'll find in this over-priced town.  Beers at half-price were about where they should have been, and the selection of craft brews was good and fresh. The chicken wings were $1 each and very meaty with a nice hot sauce. The dipping sauce and veggies were lacking, but the wings were good. The oysters were $2 each, which seems to be regular price, so no great deal. The shells broke off into the oysters a fair bit and the sauce was lacking flavour, but the oysters themselves were decent. If the food was supposed to be crafted by some celebrity chef, there was no mark of it. This was very typical pub food with no frills.  Our server was very slow and seemed to approach each table with an apology for something or other. It was a nice day and we were seated on the patio, so I didn't mind waiting too much. Fortunately I knew what I wanted to drink since the server didn't seem to know much about the beer or wine.
Came in for happy hour (3p-6p). They have quite the extensive beer selection but we were feeling some sangria. Having eaten a huge lunch, I didn't even have food. However, they do have bar snack. I LOVE BAR SNACK. I know, it's silly, I enjoy the simple things. Just a little bit of seasoned popcorn wins me over. Being a local, this is not really an ideal location since its touristy and overpriced. The service was good, the sangria was tasty and hey... your check in gives you a free bud light. I may come back in to try the food.
Hmmm, where do I start?   Food: expensive for what it is. We had the tuna burger, which was good, but not $24 good. We also had the lobster roll, low quality lobster drenched in creamy sauce, you can barely taste the lobster and the bread was dripping with grease. We also has the French toast which was made from the same bread as the lobster roll and was drenched in syrup.   Beers/drinks: good selection of beers. I had the Belgium suggested with the lobster roll, it was good. Expensive, but can't complain here.   Cocktails: we only tried one, the strawberry mojito, basically sugar water with pieces of strawberries, you can't taste the mint or fruit or most importantly any hint of alcohol. FAIL!  Conclusion: come here for decent beers and a cool bar, for food and cocktails, go elsewhere.
We came here to grab a quick-ish dinner before heading out to a show.  Being a PUB type restaurant, even if it's in the Crystals, I thought it'd be just average all around, but was pleasantly surprised.  When we arrived the hostess was apologetic and let us know that it might be a 5 minute wait for a sit down table, but it was nice she offered us a high table if we were in a hurry to get seated.  A couple minutes wait was all it took and we were seated.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive throughout our meal as were all the other who helped bring out our food.  The food itself was pretty good.  Nothing to knock my socks off, but it was all well prepared and tasty.  The steak frites I got were both plentiful and delicious.  If we're back in City Center I'd definitely stop back in to P.U.B for dinner or drinks.
I don't know why I like this place, because the service is rough and the prices are way too high on everything. But there is something to be said for a $9 draft beer. At least it tastes good  While never being impressed, I still go back, so there must be something..
Decided to try this place after reading reviews. The service was horrible. Took forever to order food and they didn't even care to bring us utensils or plates. We ordered the crab cake sliders and the lobster rolls. The food wasn't good at all. The crab cake sliders tasted horrible and the lobster was too chewy. Avoid this place if you are looking for good food. The food is totally not worth the money.
Great food coupled with great draft beer -- can you ask for more?  St. B's 12 on tap -- are you kidding me?!  Wonderful service and great atmosphere.
Great pub. Right next to Aria so if you're staying there this place is ideal for a few pre-game pints.   Lots of TVs. Huge crowd. Very lively place. Happy hour from 3-6 with half price pints (at least it is now on a Friday).   I have heard comments about bad service but the folks helping us at the bar have been fantastic. Courtney is amazing. Short staffed and she's still covering the whole bar.   Second time I've been here and both times this place didn't disappoint.
Excellent Brown Butter Lobster Rolls and Fish/Chips. Prompt service and wonderful food.
Wonderful service.  Hard to find in the mall.  The craft beer selection is excellent, but a bit more than market value.   The food ( sliders , Shepherds Pie and  potato chips ) were, well just pub food.  Pretty much on a par with most decent bars or so-called gastro pubs.   I thought a designer chef would be better.
The Lobster Rolls are the best we have ever had! Lots of chunks of juicy lobster stuffed inside this crispy buttery bread! Waffles fries were amazing as well as the cole slaw! And also the bloody mary was completely flavorful and perfectly spicy!
One of my most favorite places to come in Vegas it's part of the "Aria City center"  Always packed,  always loud  and always plenty of beer to choose from.  I almost always order the prime beef with blue cheese fondue but in a place like this you can't go wrong.
This place was my neighbor when i lived at Veer Towers. I really tried to like this place but after 4 or 5 visits i did not once leave there impressed. It is just another overpriced vegas strip restaurant lacking in impressive food. The wait staff is severely lacking in attentiveness, the food is not bad but i was expecting much better for a high dollar restaurant. It is a nice location and they keep the place very clean which is important to me but i would much rather spend my money somewhere else.
My fiance and I decided to stop at this restaurant for a quick bite for dinner. After seeing the menu on the outside of the door, we were anxious to see if the food was as good as it sounded.   On first approach, the hostess was extremely pleasant and very kind. She sat us immediately at a booth along the wall. Our waitress, I think her name was Hayleigh, came to our table to take our drink order and my fiance and I both ordered drinks from the bar. I ordered the white sangria and he ordered a Manhattan. Our drinks took approximately 20 minutes to come to the table and when the server brought them out to the table, she made an excuse about the bartender being new and walked away. This did not bother us much except for the fact that we probably would have ordered 2nd drinks if they had not taken so long!  Before she brought the drinks, the server asked if we were ready to order and seemed inconvenienced when I mentioned that we would like to order an appetizer. However, we ordered the mussels and they were really delicious. Our food came out before we were finished with the appetizer. I ordered the Lobster Rolls and my fiance ordered the RIbeye. My Lobster Rolls were delicious. i cannot express how much I loved them. Definitely a must try if you happen to want to try this place out. My fiance's ribeye was cooked well, however the potato wedges that came with it were cold and soggy. By this time, both of our waters have been empty for a good 15 minutes. Once we finally got our servers attention, she was annoyed when we explained to here that the wedges were cold. During this time, the table in front of us was complaining to the manager about their food taking a long time, and the manager was a complete jerk about it to them. Both my fiance and I are servers and we have never witnessed worse customer service. The manager was rude and condescending and told the table that they were lying about their food taking a long time, and said "What do you want me to do about it?"  For this reason, we chose not to speak with the manager because of how rude we saw him being. We then asked our server, who we have seen only 3 times all night to box up our food, because we just wanted to leave.   Worst service I have ever experienced. I will never go back. I cannot believe a place with this reputation allows their management to treat customers so badly. My fiance and I have friends who live in Las Vegas and we travel here at least once a year. With food that is this good, it is a shame to ruin it with such rude and negligent customer service.
BEST BLOODY MARY EVER!!!!!  The only reason we came here and we were not disappointed! This one was the Something About Mary. Slider, chicken wing, corn dog bite, cheese etc etc etc! So yummy
Good drink selection and service,  The a prime Rib Chili was good, not great.  If it were chunky style - with someway to tell he meat was actually prime rib, it would have been better.  Campbell's Chunky Steak chili is as good, if not better. Overall, a good experience.
The lobster roll was so yummy I actually finished the whole thing! Had a bite of the sliders my girlfriend ordered and it was also very tasty.  My fianc ordered the prime beef, he didn't enjoy it as much as he has hoped.. It was a little bland and chewy. Standard quality cocktails, nothing to write home about. Overall satisfactory dining experience.
A good place ruined by mediocre service.  Food - good Lobster roll was very tasty.  Came here with my wife and two friends and all four of us liked what we ordered  Price - good A little expensive by 'normal' standards but definitely reasonable by 'Vegas strip' standard  Atmosphere/decor - very good A very good looking place, lively, cozy, with a nice outdoor area.  Service -  Inadequate We went in for brunch and the inside space was half full; as most people wanted to sit outside (there was a wait for the patio) on this particular sunny day. Our waiter was lacking energy and perhaps lacking proper training.  The food was extremely slow.  I'm not sure whether the kitchen was backed up (doubt it, as they were only half full) or whether there was a mistake.   Anyways, as 15 minutes became 25, 35, and finally 45 (I knew for sure since I checked in on social media when we were seated) the waiter never came by to explained to us what was happening.  We even had to flag him to get more water.  As patience was running thin I finally confronted him about the wait.  He then said 'oh yes, your ticket is next'.  I replied 'can you bring something for us to nibble? I'm really hungry'.  He said 'well, do you want bread?'.  Yes, please, we responded.  He went back but never came back o bring back bread.  No bread, no apology.  As we were walking out he called me and said the charge didn't go through.  Upon double checking my name and room number I realized at this point we were already 1 hour past my checkout time (we were there 1 hour 45 minutes). This was finally, the first time he apologized about the wait.  Las Vegas strip perhaps has the highest concentration of high end restaurant West of Manhattan Island.  Get your act together, customers have plenty of options here.
I would go back! The food was good and we were there for happy hour so it was well priced. Also the 7 second beer challenge was fun to watch. We got fish tacos, and sliders and lots of beer!
After seeing pictures of the bloody mary "meal" online we made it our goal to visit this establishment.  It is difficult to find if you are coming from the strip.  We searched for 30 minutes.  For those of you looking, the restaurant is right outside Aria going into the city center.    My group was participating in an event all day which prevented us from making the trip to the PUB in the morning.  Our goal was the bloody mary and when we arrived there around 11 pm at night...extremely hungry...we were told that the bloody mary's were for brunch only.  I pleaded with them and they kindly made us a round.  They were amazing and we loved them.    The rest of the food was good, our waitress was pleasant.  The restaurant had a great atmosphere.  Here is a tip...bring a dollar to the bathroom as there is a bathroom attendant who is quick to squirt soap on your hands when you leave the water closet.  She deserves a tip just for sitting next to the bathroom at the back of the restaurant let alone giving you good smelling soap and a towel.  We will most certainly return to this restaurant now that we know where it is.
We had a great time here last Thursday night.  I joked on my facebook page that this place serves "upscale" pub food, which I believe is oxymoron.  Upscale pub food.  Ha.  Anyhow, the mussels appetiser (substituted the spicy tomato sauce with the white clam sauce instead), was fantastic.  The mussels were tender yumminess.  We ordered the recommended Fish and chips and the Lobster rolls.  The fish was crispy and juicy.  The lobster rolls were quite delicious (my only beef was the the lobster was actually the claw meat rather than the tail).  Service was great.  Very friendly.  Atmosphere was fun.   Oh, we also did the $2 oysters.  First we ordered 3 of each oysters from VA and Baja California.  Then we chased it with another half dozen of the oysters from VA.  Delicious.  Not bad for $2.  Our bill was over $150 tax and tip.  Not cheap; we are in Vegas after all.
We love the relaxed yet energetic atmosphere that Todd English's P.U.B. resonates with us. You feel like you're really in a British pub...huge selections of cold draught beers pair well with Chef Todd English's flavorful takes on some English "classics". British classics such as Bubble and squeak, bangers and mash, pot pies and expertly roasted until tender meats and poultry.   Our waitress, Diane V., was friendly, effervescent, and attentive. Our water glasses were routinely filled and beer refills were offered. We're "fans" of Chef English's carvery so this time, it was no different than previous visits. Today, I ordered the 8 ounce portion of roasted beef brisket that was so tender that you didn't need a knife to cut it. It was seasoned well and you could taste its "beefiness", in a good way. At my urging, my husband ordered the lobster rolls. Oh boy, these lobster rolls were kicked up a version from those that you'd find at Bar Harbor, Maine! First of all, the rolls are brioche-dough based and secondly, the lobster claw meat is sauted in browned butter, mixed with seasoned mayonnaise and STUFFED into the rolls. The lobster rolls were complemented with a bag of fresh house made potato chips.   As we finished our lunches, we promised ourselves that we will return, again, to this restaurant to try other menu items like the Grichebactom and more beer!
Dear Todd English,  Your son is gorgeous. You make beautiful babies. He was even more delicious than your delicious French Fries. And they were delicious! However, your sliders are dry as hell . Good wings, good french fries, great service (funny short haired girl was our waitress- you got my back, girl!) Dry ass sliders. But I forgive you. Your son made up for the lack of moisture in my sliders.  Oliver English, you are one tall drink of water.   Sincerely, Silly school girl :)  Me likey. Buh bye.
Just like any pub, it's loud, the best food is fried, and the alcohol is plentiful.   We visited this pub twice on our visit. The fish n' chips was very tasty! Everything we ordered was pretty good. It's worth a visit if you are looking for pub food in a pub atmosphere.
My favorite place to visit for a pint and appetizers while in Vegas!
Great service. Perfect menu for a pub. Really good beer selection.  Fish and chips; okay but fish was a bit soft to start and complete mush before I was finished. Mushy peas on the other hand were perfect all the way. Others had the burger and wings and both were on the mark.
We got to the restaurant around 9 pm on a Thursday night (5/8/14) and were seated promptly. There is apparently a different hostess for indoor seating vs outdoor seating. Note that the outdoor eating area is not gated, so every once in awhile, an obnoxious passerby will walk through the dining area.  FOOD  Hand chopped ahi tuna burger- served rare and comes with wonton chips and some kind of wasabi or dijon dip. I ordered the avocado on the side since I'm allergic. OMG. This was sooooooooo good. Although they spread the wasabi aioli on a bit unevenly and I teared up on some bites into my burger, it didn't distract me from the amazing taste and texture of this unique burger. There is a layer of black bean puree that brought everything together. The buns were lightly toasted and the arugula marinated to complement everything else.  Brown butter lobster rolls - came with kettle chips and coleslaw. We split our entrees so I got a whole lobster roll to myself (it comes with three). My goodness, this was one buttery and rich lobster roll. The browned butter is such a genius idea. The lobster pieces were generous and not heavily saturated in mayo. I love how they kept the chunks of lobster big instead of dicing them smaller to make a filler out of mayo. It really kept things fresh and gave me nice chewing action. I tasted the coleslaw and it was pretty good. My mom is not fond of coleslaw, but she polished it off. The chips were just kettle chips, nice crunch, not overly salted.  SERVICE  Service was okay. It's what I expected for a bar/pub type restaurant. Nothing great, nothing bad. I don't like servers to check up on us too often; I don't think she checked up on us at all which can be an issue if I needed something, but didn't.  Definitely try out their tuna burger since this type of burger is rarely on the menu at other restaurants.  It's hard to choose between the two entrees we ordered though, so either order both for yourself and take half home or bring someone to share with.  Although there are a lot of homeless people there, so you can always order both for yourself and give the remainder to someone who needs it.
One Word - Amazing....  We came here for lunch to start the day off. First thing is that they have an outside seating area which is great for getting some air and catching a few potential rays without being overbearing. Also there is a lot of people traffic which is good for those wanting a more exciting spot to eat.   Now for the food - I had the fruit waffles and they were outstanding. Absolutely done to perfection, very fresh fruit. The gents I was with had a mix of food and all of them raved about their dishes. Now is this the best place in Vegas to eat? No... but it sure is a great place to have a nice Brunch in Las Vegas.
Mediocre food and service. I probably would have given three or four stars, but the coed restroom (complete with pushy attendant) kills the experience for me.
Went here today for the first time and ordered the Bloody Mary + the wilted spinach salad with salmon.   The Bloody Mary was pretty exciting with pickled green beans, salami, lime and stuffed olives (these were my selections there are many more options).   The salmon was prepared medium well which was perfectly executed. Great place with good service!
The. Oysters.  Still dreaming of the oysters!!  Briny, still in their juices, not too big, not too small, not fishy at all.  Came for happy hour and tried these little beauties.  Some of the best, if not best, I've ever had.  You think it wouldn't be hard to get oysters right, but it is.  1/2 off wine and beer for happy hour - and they have a good selection of both.
I'm not sure how you can call your place an English pub when you don't serve English beers. Bud light isn't an English beer. On top of it all the food was just ok. My advice pick another place to eat.
Had a bit of time before bro and wife arrived at the Aria, so we sat at the bar for a quick drink.  E had one of their cask beers.  Didn't quite catch the name, but sounded like Samoa.  I had the Angry Orchard Cider which has become my new, favorite drink.  Bartenders were super friendly, especially the high energy blonde and the guy that looks like Chumley.  They serve complimentary peanuts which I couldn't stop eating.  Bartender said just throw the shells on the floor.  Not sure why, but I got a kick out of doing that!  Talked to a number of customers sitting at the bar which I generally don't do.  The vibe of this place put me in a comfortable mood, and we had such a good time, chatting and drinking.  Came back the next day when we had more time.  We were going to dinner at our fave rib joint (Ellis Island), so didn't have anything to eat, but the lobster rolls and sliders look real good.  Will be back on next LV trip.
Great beer & great service! Anthony was by far the best bartender we saw in all of our trip to Vegas. He was attentive, extremely knowledgeable of the beer offerings, & even let us sample some before deciding on our orders. We came back twice more for drinks here due to such great service.   Also, the 7 second beer challenge adds to a really fun environment & experience.
There's a lot of great food in Las Vegas, but somehow we keep coming back to this place.  It's real dependable.  The food tastes good.  Really good.  You can't go away hungry.  The outdoor seating is a real plus.  When you are more-or-less on the Strip, it's hard to dine outside in a sane but interesting place.  Watching the traffic between Aria and Crystals is far superior than sitting (or trying to sit) on the Strip itself.  Finally, although nothing is cheap eating-wise in Las Vegas, if you don't over-order here (hard not to do sometimes, because there is a good, interesting menu), it's actually perfectly affordable.
Sorry but the two stars is for the duck buns. A friend of mine recommended this place and I was really hoping I'd be bringing the rating UP, rather than down. Very disappointed. These duck buns have way too much hoisin sauce and are too salty with barely any duck for $17. The Belgian ale they recommend with it is a plus though. Dark and sweet. If you're coming here, the better bet might be the sliders. After all, it is a bar.   One plus: their patio is pretty nice if you're looking for a calmer atmosphere. Great for people watching.
Good traditional atmosphere and great servers.  Great beer selection.  Food was okay and over priced.
Terrible. Hubby6 and I ordered Bloody Marys. We didn't realize they were $16 a piece! They were okay but not $16 good. We ordered pickles which were nothing more than Clausen jarred pickles and some Ralphs gerkins for $8. Bar stools were dirty. We wanted to like this place, but way too expensive for the quality. Nothing special. The only plus was free peanuts at the bar.  Wait staff were nice but not up to Vegas standatds. Save your money and go somewhere else.
This is a great spot for happy hour. They have great beer specials and an extensive beer menu that will make any beer lover smile. And if you think you have what it takes to slam beer like a pro you can take the challenge at the bar race and against the mini hour glass to win a free pint! I have actually witnessed a girl who won three in a row!
1. Overpriced food.   2. Not so friendly staff , called in and reserved a table, came in and they said they don't reserve tables. My friend who called in said the person on the phone had a strong accent and it was easy to tell who it was so she complained. So they  had to give us a table anyways. then the waitress told me I had to down the rest of my Fat Tuesday before I was allowed to sit down. Rude.  3. Tables in the back are super close together, have to squeeze between chairs to get in and out.  4. Beware that it is a PUB meaning it will get LOUD. Everyone freely yells and screams as they're watching the games on the TV.  But i do have to admit that some of the menu items was delicious and some were ok. I would recommend the rotisserie steak sandwich. It was cooked perfectly and they gave a large amount of fries with it. I don't think it was worth $20 though.
We just love this place.  We first found the PUB two years ago and really enjoyed the food, the people, the atmosphere, etc...    we were last in Vegas this past January and stopped in with a group of 6 of us.  Everyone really enjoyed it as usual.  So when we returned on June 14 -17 we knew we had to plan on which day we would return.  So we decided Sunday so we could enjoy the bloody Mary bar.  My husband went for the ultimate and I just selected my own toppings from the menu.  We might downsize our Bloody Mary toppings next time so we can enjoy more food from the actual menu!! My husband had the Cioppino, which he as been craving since he last had it in January.   It was everything he remembered.  I had the lobster Cobb salad.  It had a lot of lobster.  I really liked it.    So for our last day we were trying to decide what to do for lunch.  Should we try Bobby Flay's burger palace? ?    Nahhh, we can get burgers at home.  We came back to the P.U.B.    They didn't have Miller Lite which I normally drink so I saw a cider ale on the menu.  I asked about that and then the server recommended a Pineapple Cider ale.  It was soooo good.  now I'll have to see if I can find it anywhere.   We split 3 appetizers for our lunch.   The shrimp cocktail whichh as a nice cocktail sauce, The crispy pickles with 3 dipping sauces and the Mussels.    All three were very good and plenty for us to share as a lunch.   My husband wasn't sure about the mussels.  He's been converted.  He loved them. We love the P.U.B. and will look forward to return on our next trip to Vegas!!
Great gastropub ambiance! Came in for the Happy Hour- 50% off beer and snacks! So this of course peaked our interest.... definitely a great choice! Really enjoyed the atmosphere, beer, and snacks!
We have passed by this place multiple times on our trips to Vegas and stopped by on a whim for happy hour.  Glad we did!  1/2 price wines and pints, $2 oysters and $3 sliders.  LOVE the pretzel appetizer - great portion and favor for $8.  Can't wait to regain appetite for dinner!  Courtney is an amazing bartender - REALLY appreciated her recommendations and awesome, attentive service!!!!
Ordered the lobster roll from here. It was served on a buttery roll. Order came with 3 small sliders, chips, and coleslaw. The lobster was succulent and flavorful. The coleslaw wasn't as good. Will definitely be coming back for this popular menu item.
We came here for drinks and appetizers.  We chose the oysters because our waitress suggested them.  I loved the vibe in this place.  It was fun without being serious or thinking too much of itself since it was on the strip.  The food, the service and the ambiance was great.  i would definitely come back here when i'm in vegas.
Excellent happy hour and unique menu that is full of surprises.   Great appetizers, beer and atmosphere.  Chad C. was our professional server, he was extremely helpful with regards to their happy hour options.  Chad is an asset to the staff and should be commended for his excellent service.
Yumsville!!!! This place is perfect. Great menu, friendly staff, & awesome decor/atmosphere.   We ordered lobster roll (omg) I mean great taste & big portion & then we had the house made foot long hot dog w/chill & onions. Best dog I've eaten. Their house bread is perfect.   There is something on the menu for everyone. Great beer selection.   We happened to be there when Netherland & Argentena started the semi final soccer game. We got a perfect table facing the screen  It's huge must if your eating in. Vegas.
Towards the more upmarket end of the the many caf and bistros surrounding the University, Double Dutch is a great place to go for a lazy brunch.  I went in a group of 9 not having booked, and the staff were extremely efficient in rearranging the tables to accomodate us all as quickly as possible without (to my knowledge...!) annoying the other diners.  Although as I've mentioned it's a bit on the pricey side in comparison to it's rivals, I'd say they've earned it and I'd definitely go back. The place was spotless and the huge floor-to-ceiling windows along the front meant that the restaurant is not only light and airy, but is also a great place for people-watching.  I had the Eggs Benedict (6.50) topped with crispy bacon and hollandaise sauce, although I have to admit that there were so many things to choose from on the breakfast menu I was one of those annoying people that waitresses hate, who constantly need "two more minutes" - the cheese & ham croissant or the stacked buttermilk pancakes with crispy bacon and maple syrup sounded hard to pass up.  On that note, after a brief glance at the lunch menu I'd say breakfast/brunch is definitely the best time to go. Whilst the lunch menu looked good, and there was a separate Lighter Options section, the wraps/sandwiches/salads on offer did sound quite run-of-the-mill in comparison to the breakfasts.  Although the name is somewhat misleading, given that it has been under new management since 2008 and is definitely more Double Mediterranean then Double Dutch, I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone.
Despite its name, Double Dutch really has very little to do with the Dutch - in fact, this well located bisto is more british medeterranian, and it does well for being so.  The cafe itself is simply brilliant, I love the openess that the huge windows provide, and while it can feel a bit cramped on busy days, generally it works very well. Staff have always been friendly to me, and I do not think I have ever been dissapointed by the food. The breakfast/brunch menu is sublime, but in general the food is all good, with the croque monsieur the best I have had outside Paris.  The trouble is that dining at Double Dutch  can get into the expensive side of things. Maybe you could just 'go Dutch' on the bill though.
Double Dutch is one of many cafe snack joints around the area, some of which are quite rightly highly regarded. So there is quite some competition abound.  This cafe isn't terrible by any stretch of the imagination, but I am left feeling I would rather go to those other said cafes, which seem to have that extra ingredient. When I visited Double Dutch the service was fine, friendly enough, if a little slow. I have no complaints about the coffee I had. But I didn't feel overly enamoured by the atmosphere which was a little lacking. Double Dutch is also a touch more expensive than other cafes nearby, an all important issue in a student area.  The place itself is pretty big and open with out door seating to boot. Though even still it can get quite busy around 12-2. As has been pointed out in other reviews, the food itself is actually more standard British/Mediterranean.  Not a bad place if you want to try somewhere new or everywhere else is taken, but could do with being a bit more exciting.
OK so I have given this place two shots, thinking that my first disappointing visit was just mere bad luck (everyone has their bad days). I will give you the general gist of both occasions.  First time: We walk into the Double Dutch and a friendly waitress took our orders. Then we waited. And waited. And waited.  After much time (and luckily my friend and I were both chatter boxes) the waitress finally appeared with out orders. My hamburger was very dry and required a lot of ketchup. We payed and left with heavy stomachs but willing to give it another shot.  The second time I came here was with my mum. We were hungry and I had class in an hour and thought that this place would be ideal. Initially the waitress wouldn't let us seat by the window tables because we were only two, it was quite busy, and the tables were for bigger crowds. Fair enough, we didn't really mind, until a moment after we were seated in our new seats (awkwardly close to the next table) a couple walked in and took the window tables. The waitress didn't tell them anything. Putting this aside, we waited a while before someone took our order (it was quite busy) and  I don't think he could speak English very well. Now before you get your knickers in a twist, I'm an international student myself and know the difficulties mastering the spoken English language (as opposed to the written) but the guy (who was very sweet) did not really speak at all. Anyway, setting aside this, our food took ages to come and when it did , the chips were coldish but the rest of the food warm- so who knows how long it had been sitting around. Incidentally the table next to us who arrived 10 minutes after us got their food first (which they tried giving to us).  My egg and bacon bagel was good (although this could have been cause I was starving) and I had to wolf it down cause I was going to be late for class.  Getting the bill was another issue, when the girl FINALLY brought it we payed hastily and left quickly only to later realise they had brought us the wrong bill and a more expensive one.  So to sum up I don't think I will be heading here for a while again. Double Dutch is going to have to compete with the multiple cafes dotted around this area and certainly take advantage of its large outdoor and indoor seating area.
Double Dutch is an excellent restaurant located just off Nicholson Street which offers delicious food and friendly service at good prices.  I first came here when I was seventeen and tried to get served alcohol with my mate from school.  I don't know why we came here instead of a pub, but to their credit they succesfully ID'd us and told us to sling it! Since then I've been back a few times for thier 'hangover cure' brunch which is just a plate piled with all the classic full English ingredients and toast and jam on the side.  It costs about 5 and can easily tide you over till dinner time.  Their lunchtime menu is also well priced and their meatballs are among the best I've tasted!
The service in here in here isn't fantastic, the one time I've been the waiter seemed confused by my request for a brie and bacon croissant (it was on the menu!) so I got a brie and jam croissant which was too bizaare to ignore so I had to send it back.  Once the right order came it was very tasty with generous helpings of both ingredients. The waiter just seemed slightly irritated that I was there! The coffee was really good but they didn't have any smoothies even though they had tempted me by putting them on the menu.  So all round slightly disappointing which I hate saying but there isn't really another way round it!
If you are in the mood for Mediterranean food, Double Dutch is the place to go. Situated just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square, Double Dutch is an incredibly convenient place for students to go for their breakfast, lunch or for a quick snack.   I have been here several times for breakfast and lunch and have had a pleasant experience. They serve a wide variety of breakfast dishes, including a fully cooked breakfast which is called 'the hangover cure', and it certainly does cure even the most horrendous of hangovers. Their other breakfast meals include vegetarian cooked breakfast, Mediterranean breakfasts, eggy bread and eggs Benedict. The breakfasts are served all day so it is a great place to come on a lazy Saturday or Sunday morning for breakfast if you have been out the night before.  Double Dutch's lunch menu includes wraps, salads, soups, burgers and nachos. I had a salami and bacon chaibatta and wasn't that impressed with it. The bacon had an awful lot of fat round the outside which I had to keep pulling off, and the chiabatta bread was pretty dry and the whole thing could have done with some sauce or spread.   Double Dutch also serve a selection of Mediterranean Mezze style dishes such as lamb moussaka, hummus and cous cous which look really good on the menu, but are quite expensive for what they are as they are priced at around seven pounds. Most of the other dishes are more reasonably priced at about four or five pounds.   Double Dutch is a handy place to go for food as it is so centrally located, but I think there are more tastier food places available in this vicinity.
Like Steph, I too am confused at why this place is called Double Dutch. It's a cafe in Edinburgh selling food from the Med. Maybe their geography is out since there is nothing particularly Dutch about this place.  But that doesn't matter, since the food and atmosphere are both rather nice.  I LOVE Mediterranean food. I can't get enough of it. So this place does me nicely. They do great snacks, an amazing hangover cure breakfast (which isn't Greek inspired, but for 2.50 it's better than buying paracetomol if you've got a raging headache), panini's, wraps packed with fillings and mains such as my all time fave mousakka.   Additionally, they have light bites such as salads, plus dishes such as a spinach and feta pastry which may add a bit of flavour to your diet. Certainly there are some small dishes in here I've never tried before, and since they are an affordable way to work your way through the Mediterranean menu it's not too shabby.  I visited this cafe on a summer's evening, when at 7pm there were drunks staggering about from neighbouring areas. I don't know if it was that feeling of deprivation from neighbourhoods I had walked through to get to this place that made it stand out, or just the fact that it's nice. But since it's a spacious, clean cafe offering you that little bit extra in terms of menu options, it certainly stands apart from other cafe's in this neck of the woods.
Cuisine has never been particularly synonymous with Dutch culture, not in the way that "Total Football" and a morally dubious attitude to both drugs and prostitution is. Having eaten in most of the surrounding cafes on my lunchtime adventures, I donned my clogs and finally decided to give this one a go.  Upon arrival it became immediately apparent that it's not Dutch, at all. It's another falafel / hummus / kebab number with a bit of greasy spoon thrown in, and like most of it's neighbours, the food is pretty tasty. The Mediterranean side of it is anyway, I'm yet to try the bargain breakfast.
I didn't like the fry up here which was disappointing because this place was recommended to me. It was cheap so I guess I paid for what I got. I think Snax is my favourite place for a full breakfast. I might drop in Double Dutch for a coffee in future but that's all.
This place practically opened in the blink of an eye - or so it seemed. One day I was walking past it and it struck me that Pink Olive must have sprung up over night, because I had never noticed before. When I explained this to my friend, she laughed and suggested we went to try it out.   Over all, I liked Pink Olive - it was stylish, friendly and had a great atmosphere - if it was a bit too lud and the tables seemed very crammed together. The food was pretty good, despite being from a menu which - if I'm truthful - didnt fill me with hope. The food was a tad over seasoned too, but I just took it to be a one off as other than that it I did enjoy it. Price wise Pink Olive was reasonable, and I would come back again.
I quite like pink olive! It's a really nice place to go for a lunch with the girls, or boys, or both. It's quite stylish in its own little way - it doesn't try to be cool or chic, it's just happy in its own skin, which is kinda refreshing! It's in a good location too, just off Edinburgh University's main campus, and as a result I think they have tried to get as much custom as they can, and cramming in the tables to accommodate.  It's a nice place if you're looking for somewhere easy, simple and really pleasant! To quote Arnie, I'll be back.
Recently opened and already having won several local awards, Pink Olive claims to offer "exceptional food, no exceptions"; this is definitely the case.  My partner opted for the 'Bigger, Meatier Breakfast' (7.95), which was essentially a double-sized portion of the perfect scottish fry-up,  complete with haggis. There wasn't a single thing on the plate that wasn't cooked perfectly, although i don't think i would have been able to eat a whole plate!  I went for the slightly healthier sunday morning option, of the soup of the day (3.95) and a grilled mackerel fillet on a bed of lemon-dressed salad (4.95). The soup was seasonal vegetable and pearl barley, and was much tastier and more flavoursome than any vegetable soup i've had before. It's true that the mackerel was slightly greasy, however this was off-set by the crisp lemon juice drizzled over the salad.   I'd definitely recommend trying the homemade iced teas. We couldn't choose between lemon or peppermint, so got one of each and both were delicious. My partner said they were the best he's ever tasted outside Morocco.  In fact, my only criticism would be the issue of space... or lack of it. Too many tables crammed into too small a restaurant took something away from the relaxed, sunday morning atmosphere.
This small restaurant close to George Square has a surprisingly good brunch on Sundays. After hearing mixed opinions about the place I decided to try it myself and was pleasantly surprised. They have a choice between healthy brunch, a hearty Sunday roast and everything in between (including yummy pancakes).  Despite its rather strange appearance and name, its interior I found a lot more appealing. Its prices were very student friendly. I myself did not have enough room for a dessert, but my friend had the homemade ice-cream and the spoonful I stole was delicious.
For ages I thought Pink Olive was a high class gay bar.  Turns out it's actually a restaurant, and a pretty good one as well.  I came here with some friends earlier this year and we had a really good and well priced meal together.  The atmosphere is lively and bustling, and although it could maybe do with some more space between tables, it makes you feel at home.   We ate from the pre-theatre menu (with no intention of going to the theatre) which offers three courses for less than 12 which is is a great deal.  I had the chargrilled bacon with poatoes for my main and it was delicious and served in a more than generous portion.  The staff are pleasant and they coped well with the large numbers that evening. I'd certainly come here again for the tasty food, great service and cheap prices.
I have walked past the Pink Olive for years, thinking it was a terribly expensive French Bistro. How wrong I was.   Situated just round the corner from the University student's playground, George Square, Pink Olive is a great place for students to go to for lunch or dinner.   It was only fairly recently that I first visited this place and realised what I was missing. I came here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised with their lunch menu as it had a good selection of different meals available. I had the carrot and coriander soup to start which was home made and had the freshest ingredients in it - yum! I had an aubergine pasta dish for my main which was even more tasty than my starter.   The portion sizes were really decent, as were the prices with most main meals priced at around 6-8. There is also a pre-theatre menu available which costs about 10 for two courses, which is again very reasonable. Sunday brunches are available, which are served most of the afternoon and include fully cooked breakfasts, scrambled eggs and, best of all, pancakes!   Pink Olive is probably not the kind of place you would go for lunch every day as it would get super expensive, but once in a while, it is a great place to go for a very delicious meal at excellent prices. Definitely worth a visit.
Pink Olive is one of the many cafes and restaurants catering to the large university population as it's just off the buzzing George Square campus.  I'd say its menu is a little more unique than some I've seen but then it's also a little bit more expensive! You'll find quality ingredients and inventive dishes; the starters may cost up to 4 and the mains anything from a manageable 5 to 16 for their steak!  Naturally the cafe takes advantage of the festival period and offers a special menu which includes two or three course meals and a pricey festival brunch!
What can I say? Pink Olive is cah-yute! And a little bit cuddly. Definitely lives up to the pink in it's name! After multitudes of arguments as to where deliveres a good Sunday Roast (by the way, still don't have an answer for that!), a bit of Yelping didn't get us much farther... except for Pink Olive. Never ask a veggie where to go for a Sunday Roast...  Pink Olive delivered an apparently delicious roast, complete with roasties baked in dripping (ie. not good for veggies) - I tucked into a rather pleasant green pepper and black olive tagine - not particularly memorable I have to admit, but pleasant nonetheless and note to self... much better than my attempts at a tagine.   Myself and my nephew also knocked back a Pink Olive Mojito - a virgin cocktail of crushed raspberries, cranberry juice, lime and mint (and gomme) which was a tasty way to sink the afternoon.   Overall, Pink Olive has a nice wee bistro vibe going on. Good music, good food, good staff. Can't go wrong with that now, can you!
I hadn't spotted Pink Olive, previously, so was very pleasantly surprised by my visit. The place is very neat, the dishes very good, and the service very friendly.  Overall, we said: "I was very impressed with Pink Olive. They served me two excellent dishes and great coffee. I hope to pay a return visit soon, as their breakfast and brunch options, which I saw sampled by some of the other diners, looked delectable, also. I'd recommend you pay them a visit soon, too."
Tasty food, friendly service, and value for money. What else can I say? I am a fan of Pink Olive.  I love their soups. My favourite is the beetroot and apple. They've got sandwich and soup combos as well.   Hmm, what else? I like the baked coley fillet. Never tried their haggis, but heard its good.  As a last note, they've got the credit crunch lunch deal. Can't remember the price of this deal exactly, but can remember it was a very good deal!
Well I ended up here kind of my accident. It was a rugby weekend. My parents were coming to visit for the first time. But I left it way too late to book somewhere for Saturday night food! After calling what seemed like pretty much every place I could think of without any luck I resorted to TopTable to see where had availability. I spotted Pink Olive as I'd heard a few people mention it before, plus they had an offer on. Booked up online and had a confirmation within about 20min.  The place is fairly small, but not cramped. The first thing to note was the staff; really friendly and helpful, they certainly make the place feel relaxed.  We were given the option of the main menu or the special offer set menu. I think this was about 18 for the special which was 2 courses plus a cocktail or class of house wine. The offer menu looked good so went for that. What I didn't notice at first was that it was only an additional 2 to add a third course!  For starters we all went for pork liver pate with red onion jam. It came individually potted, and although didn't look much was a pretty substantial portion. The pate was really nice with lots liver flavour coming through, but not so much to be overpowering, this was offset just right with the sweetness of the jam.  For my main I went for breaded pork cheeks with homemade baked beans and mash. The pork was amazing; melt in the mouth stuff! I was really surprised by the beans too. It looked like it was going to be the usual strongly flavoured tomato/herb sauce things like this often come with. However the flavours were actually really delicate and seasoned just right. Not much I can say about the mash really, it was just how it should have been.  At this point I have to admit I didn't manage to clean my plate. I was stuffed! ......although pud was too much to resist. So I went for the chocolate icecream (which is made within 20yds apparently). It was good, but I think I was a bit too full to enjoy properly!  We also had a bottle of house red with the meal. Not bad at all and easy on the pocket at around 14.  All in all a great experience and well worth a visit! I'll definitely be back again.
We stumbled into The Cellar looking for a nice, romantic dinner.  I am so glad we stumbled here!  It's a new restaurant located in the lower level of a building.  It has a great patio view and well decorated.  The staff was very friendly.  It wasn't too noisy either.  The most important part, the food, was awesome.  Both of us had the Chef's Surprise, which was a three course meal, and loved it.  I was not given any discount or any other type of compensation for this posting.
Probably the smallest patisserie in Edinburgh, The Cellar Door is a narrow cafe and take-away with a small cluster of seats and a counter filled with individual cakes, tray bakes and chocolates truffles. Everything is made on the premise by the head baker Petra and there's usually a choice of carrot cake, chocolate cake and baked cheesecake alongside more unusual cakes like plum madeira cake.  Unfortunately, the day I visited the chocolate cake was a little dry and the carrot cake looked and tasted a bit too stodgy and bland for me. The fact the hot chocolate was a hundred times better than the neighbouring Chocolate Soup however, means I'll probably give it a second chance at some point.
You know what they say: Jack of all trades, master of none.  This, however, certainly isnt the case for The Cellar Door, which professes itself as a restaurant, chocalatier and patisserie all at the same time.   The restaurant itself is a nice little place, tucked away on the ground floor of a building facing onto George IV bridge. Its smartly decorated, and certainly has the feeling of being 'new'.   I was genuinly impressed at how nice the staff were, even on a wednesday afternoon which had the Cellar Door full of people. The food was excellent, although my girlfriend complained that hers was a tad on the cold side, but again to the staffs credit, she waited only a few moments before a fresh (and almost too warm) plate was brought out which was good.  I really like this place, mostly for the friendly staff and the quality of the food,and it would have earned five satrs had that small hiccup not happened!
From the street this place looks tiny, but make your way down the stairs inside or the (slightly) rickety metal steps down from George IV bridge and you'll find an elegant dining room where they serve one of the best lunch deals in Edinburgh: a starter, mains, and two sides for about seven quid.    The food is upmarket without being pretentious; and if I can't speak of their desserts that at least tells you the portions are more than hearty and didn't leave any room to try them! My companion qualified her starter of tomato and basil soup as pretty much a meal in itself.    Very good service too in formal yet relaxed surroundings. Don't watch the large clock on the wall and let your lunch hour go...
The Cellar Door recently broke away from the Olive Branch chain, underwent a refurbishment and reopened under its new name.  It's quite similar to the Olive Branch with the same quality feel, nice ambiance and great food, but it shows its autonomy through its new patisserie which offers some great pastries and cakes.   I came here for dinner with some friends only a couple of weeks ago and we all had a top meal with quick service and amazing food.  The menu has an excellent selection of meat and vegetable dishes which all sound amazing.  I went for the smoked salmon starter followed by the grilled chicken with cheesy mash and asparagus.   Both tasted incredible and were served in filling portions.  The quality of the food, however, does come at a price.  We paid about 17 each for our meals.  This is definitely a case of getting what you pay for.
Stumbeld on this hidden little gem recently and it's become a regular haunt.. It's easy to walk past due to being below street level which is a real shame but being selfish it does mean that I've not struggled to get a table!  One of the best and most unique things about it is the Chef's Surprise! Which basically does as it says on the tin.. if opting for the Chef's Surprise the waitress just asks what if anything to avoid (gluten for me as Im Coeliac) and anything you really like and thereafter it's up to the Chef to come up with a new and different two or three course meal! I've had this a few times and have yet to be disappointed, have tried things I probably wouldnt have ordered from a menu and really enjoyed them!  We booked through toptable and so received 20% off the food bill which makes for fantastic value for money! Definately worth trying!!
Following ably in the footsteps of all the previous occupants of these premises The Cellar Door offers great attentive service and good food at decent prices. No idea how good the wine list is so holding off with the stars but my haggis fritters with sides of cauliflower cheese (very good indeed) and chunky chips went down a treat and my companion loved her burger. We shared the chocolate trio dessert and it too provided no reason for complaint. I've eaten here a couple of times since first writing it up and it's maintaining the same good standards of service & quality of dishes. Following the very tasty ham hock terrine last night I opted for the 2 course surprise (19.95) so ended up with well cooked duck with black pudding & mash followed by a good sized tart with peanut ice cream. Washed down with a decent bottle of Grenache this was 34 well spent. Repairing the hole in the wall in the gents, having the toilet pertition secured to the floor & changing either the towel dispenser or the brand of towel so, as to avoid them spilling out into the sink, would enhance the experience further.
I wish you coul give half star ratings. This place deserves a bit more. Friendly helpful staff and delicious food. The vegetarian food was ok, but uninspired. The hamburger was good.
Not mind blowing but the Cellar Door still delivers a great punch. The food was flavourfull yet a bit small for the price range. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is quite relaxed. Worth a visit but not necessarily a must-go restaurant.
Our first meal in Edinburgh. Just walk in randomly.  Food and service are great !! We had a Scottish beef burger and a Scottish salmon. All of them are cooked perfectly! Don't forget have a bottle of Scottish cider  Strawberry and whiskey cask flavor are nice
We had a late lunch about 3:30- 4:00 in the afternoon and it was great. The next day after attending the "Open" at Muirfield, we went back for dinner and it was the opposite of the day before. The food was not good, especially not worth the dinner prices they charged. The first waitress was bad , but the second waitress was nice and a good waitress. it was a classic example of Dr Jekyl and Mr. Hyde from a restaurant quality standpoint. I would have second thoughts about going back.
I really love Urban Angel. During the day it's a friendly little caf selling super tasty organic cakes, brunch, sandwiches and light meals. They try to source ingredients locally and use organic and free range produce wherever possible. In the evening it turns into an equally friendly neighbourhood bistro offering meals like organic lamb meatballs and scallop, smoked haddock and crayfish chowder. It still manages to retain the caf vibe and I have no qualms about coming in here on my own to tap away at the laptop whilst enjoying a (large) glass of Merlot and a piece of cake; no mean feat in this area of town. This is a sophisticated eatery for those who enjoy dining with a clear conscience.
Sounds like it should be a clothes shop fake tanned 17 year old's, but in reality it's the polar opposite.  Inside looks like a section of the Ikea showroom and it's just as small. It's usually very busy but if you come for breakfast you'll get a table. The selection of food is great, a variety of locally sourced food prepared into your favourite dishes.  The waitress suggested I try the Urban Angel burger, which with mull cheddar and coleslaw sounded delicious. I was a little disappointed when the dish came however, the portion was rather small. Considering the burger itself was nearly 12, I was expecting half a cow.  Food was good, staff were nice, price needs to be worked on.
Great cakes, very nice service, capuchino okay. Here our Edinburgh adventure starts
I'm definitely a fan of this very cool establishment, tucked away on Forth Street, just off Broughton Street. Urban Angel is fairly new on the Edinburgh cafe/restaurant scene, but I think they've got the right feel going on here, with the open spaces and plain, white walls with a splash of colour. You feel like you've got room to sit with a coffee and do your thing in here, whether that's scanning the Sundays or nattering about your escapades from the night before with mates, with the latter being primarily what I come here to do.  The crowd is a mix of fashionable, studenty and ladies who lunch. The staff are all really nice, and enviously stylish in that way that doesn't look like it required any effort. Everything here is freshly made and mostly grouped in the organic category, and the amazing display of cakes at the front counter is always my downfall on the way out. They have some really tasty offerings on the breakfast/brunch menu, plus lots of daily specials, and a list of tapas type dishes to try, plus the Urban Angel burger always goes down a treat.
This is another one of those places that would brag about having minimalist Danish furniture. Its interior looks so expensive I was pleasantly surprised to see that their pastries weren't more pricey than what you'd find at your local Costa or Starbucks.  It's located in New Town in a fairly residential area so it's in peaceful surroundings. There are places offering yoga and pilates classes in the vicinity and I can very much imagine the clients (predominantly women!) heading over there after their classes.   I'm more a fan of creaky, charming places, so I wouldn't go there that often, but the food is great.
I popped in here for a coffee, and ended up with a capuccino and a slice of their brownie. Or really, it should be relabelled chocolate-butter with nuts. This is both very good and verrryyyyy bad.  Yes, I like my cakes decadent, but this was perhaps just too much. Brownies, to me, are a perfect mix of gooey and spongey. This was, like I said, literally butter. Melted in the mouth, incredibly rich, but just too much.  As others have said, it's not got the cosy feel we normally look for in cafes. It's nice to have something different, but this isn't the first place I'd think of for a indulgent lunch, or catch-up with friends. The savoury foods did look good.  I liked it here, the coffee was nice too. I just resent the 1/2 inch on my waistline that I lost after that brownie, and it would be nice if it felt a bit more homely.
Amazing Eggs Florentine. Friendly staff. Some nice breads. An interesting weekly specials board featuring surprisingly good food combos.  A nice salad bar too!  Did I mention the cakes I try and walk past?
Organic fair Trade Leckere Salate  Kuchen  Frische Sfte etc Und auch der Burger mit den fritten und der selbst gemachten aioli war super
Very pleasant establishment.  One of the staff was happy to come over and explain what was suitable for different diets allergies etc. We all found our meals very tasty..
Now I understand why Jon M tries to walk past the cakes. They greet you as you first walk in, and sit temptingly for the duration of your stay, only to beg to be bought as a 'take-away' on departure. The cakes look simply wonderful.  In fact, all the food here does. By the sounds of the menu, it's all fresh, organic, healthy, good-for-you goodness. Having just had breakfast, I couldn't manage anything other than oolong tea but Urban Angel is already high on my hitlist to return to try their lunch, or brunch, or cake, or all of the above.  It's a nice light airy space. White and minimalist but with warm wood and a big open counter for service and drinks. A really lovely feel to it.  Yep, I'm a fan for now and hope to be more so once I've tried their foods.
Disappointing. The menu is an unfocussed agglomeration of dishes, with no real sense of what they're trying to sell you. The staff didn't seem too interested, either.  Overall, we said: "Urban Angel has good principles at its heart, and there's a fantastic cafe/restaurant just waiting to emerge, but the thinking behind the elegantly minimalist decor desperately needs to be applied to their menu, at the earliest possible opportunity."
SUPER cute spot. Stopped in here for breakfast while we were waiting for our hotel rooms to be prepared & enjoyed a wonderful, fresh breakfast.  I opted for a scone w/ jam & a chai tea, which is served with steamed milk & honey. Lovely. My sister and mom got scrambled eggs (they were orange...?) with an amazing side of sourdough toast. Dad got yogurt & berries. Also, they serve an excellent, strong cup of coffee. We got a peek at the salads they were preparing for lunch, and they looked absolutely amazing. I hope we have time to come back!
I came back for food. The food was good. The food was better than good actually, so I took some away with me too.  The food here is just...hmm how to say this without using the word "hidden gem", "authentic" and all the usual words of praise. It's freshly made, uses the best ingredients, and is just a cut above the rest.  The berry compote with the porridge is tart, big whole berries, and lacks the sugary sweetness of too much sugar. That's why I like it here. The food is really good, tasty, but also good for you as close as it can be. The salad bowl for lunch changes every day - I had artichokes, chick peas, peppers, olives, feta. Yum. The lunch and dinner options are chalked up on the board each day but when I was there, the soups included a smoked chicken broth, and some really quite special sounding meat mains with whole halibut, half chickens, fresh veg. The sort of thing you'd get in an evening bistro. I didn't expect to see the menu that I did. And I was impressed.  The cheesecake I watched a friend eat, and then subsequently took away with me for another friend looked divine. I was told it was very light and delicious.  I think some of the cakes are gluten-free. The breakfasts are amazing, the lunches are amazing, and they stay open in the evening with wine and good food. In fact, that's what I'm coming back here for next.  I like it, I like it a lot.
I still have not forgotten my Peelham Farm Lamb Kebab-type wrap, served with couscous. Honestly.. it was SO good that I made my own variation this week... with real Peelham Farm lamb/veal.   I loved this place, it was light, airy, and so much bigger than I had expected. It definitely is one of my favourite cafe's in Edinburgh. The quality of food is fabulous, and providing local produce always scores extra points for me.   I highly recommend it!
Been there twice very good food.  I like that they serve breakfast/brunch until 5.  Found an extra order on my bill by mistake.
Wonderful locally sourced and/or organic food. Great for breakfast, lunch, dinner and just a cuppa, so glad it's local.
Edinburgh + Brunch + Iced Coffee... if I could complain it would be about the outrageous prices, and complain I will... they are unbelievable for breakfast food. BUT... there is, and I say this without any reservation, no where better to get an Iced Coffee. And if you, like me, like iced coffee, sometimes, not always, but sometimes... in the middle of the winter, this place has it.   Now usually a place that is pretty awesome but way too expensive garnishes a three star... but not Urban Angel which carries two of the three breakfast treats that I cannot live without (Eggs Florentine and Iced Coffee) AND the fact that there were TWO waitresses so on our case when we had orders, questions, requests. They were both busting their ass to serve us, and that, I appreciate and reward... with my cyber star.
I had lunch here yesterday with a friend and the service was amazing. We both had daily specials (I had mussels, my friend had chilli squid) and they were delicious without fault. The sauce with my mussels was coconut based and creamy without being heavy. One staff member went out of his way to double check if they had polenta cake as my friend cannot have wheat, even though it wasn't on display. Thankfully they did and while she had that I had their cheesecake. Again, both were ridiculously delicious.  There are a lot of places in Edinburgh with great food but it's fantastic to see a place offer brilliant service as well. Will definitely be coming back.
Had brunch here with my hostess during my trip to Edinburgh a couple of weeks ago. The place was pretty cute inside and we were promptly served. I got an order of poached eggs and toast with vegetarian sausages on the side and a pot of tea. The food was cooked, though I wish it was seasoned a tiny bit more. Other than that, everything was good.  Place is a bit on the pricey side.
I've stopped off to re-fuel at Urban Angel a few times in the past few weeks. Each visit has been without any complaint whatsoever and instead I've been stuffing my face with really good quality tea and seriously tasty cheese scones. They are the best cheese scones I've eaten in Edinburgh to date. YUM.   I had a solo excursion there for dinner and the sardines that arrived in front of me were cooked to perfection, perfectly seasoned and came with a light, tangy salsa and salad that complemented the fish perfectly. The meal was just splendid! Excellent quality of food for the price - I definitely hope to make this a more regular haunt.   Also, for the tea drinkers amongst us. Their pots are enormous and the tea is loose, so a really great cuppa awaits you here.   For some reason I'm leaving the fifth star off... Can't quite figure out what it is...   Anyway. Urban Angel. Yay for cheese scones!
i have decided that sundays are excellent for one thing and that is lunch with the girls.  two weeks running i've been lunching with a lovely ladies and enjoying delicious food and good chat :)  who needs boys!!  this week the girly lunch was planned at urban angel (on forth street).  i was really looking forward to going here as i'd been once for an afternoon tea and still have the lasting impression of how amazing their brownie was!!  sadly since i was with a vegetarian i didn't get to try any of their meaty options for the sandwich portion of afternoon tea, so i was pleased that i now had the whole menu to choose from!  i had had a quick look over the menu online when i'd booked on thursday and was completely torn by the breakfast or lunch items.  the same when i arrived today and looked over the menu while waiting for our third.  they serve breakfast on the weekends until 5pm, this is so awesome!!  i love a place that understands breakfast can be eaten at any time :)  i was also tempted by the idea of a falafel sandwich and they had some yummy sounding specials.  too many choices almost....  when our third arrived, i made the snap decision to do something totally different and went with the french toast that included streaky bacon and maple syrup.  i also added a side of tattie scones.  after ordering we had a rather long wait for our food to the point that i actually was starting to get seriously annoyed.  however, i saw plates arriving just at the point where i wanted to get up and say something...  now, i hate waiting for food especially when i'm hungry but i have to say this french toast was worth it.  three huge slices of fresh bread coated in eggy goodness and then fried to perfection.  atop this a good number of strips of streaky bacon that was actually crispy!!!!!!  omg crispy bacon and me is like a love affair and i didn't even have to ask for this it just came that way.  there was a nice pot of maple syrup but sadly three little circles of tattie scones that while tasty were literally gone in two bites.  so, the food was definitely good (including the brownie i got to take away!) but the wait for it was a bit long and even though our table was right at the front of the restaurant i sort of felt like the wait staff forgot we were there.  while we were waiting we never got asked if we wanted more drinks and during our meal we were never asked if the food was good.  something to work on, but i'd definitely go back for some more of the delicious food and crispy streaky bacon!!!!!
I think it's nice in here, the service is friendly and the food is fresh and tasty. Last time we went I had a pulled pork ciabatta sandwich with salad and my vegetarian friend had falafel flatbread with salad, both were hearty portions and we enjoyed them. The coffee is also really good!
It's lovely in here and it has a great menu - especially for brunch. My eggs benny was good except for the slightly undercooked eggs. Runny whites ew. But they left me alone while I made use of their wifi for a couple of hours so they won back some points. :)
I've had brunch here a few times and sometimes it's difficult to get a table. The homemade baked beans with sourdough and feta is delish! Little bit pricey thou
We stopped in here for an impromptu breakfast one morning stroll along Broughton Street. They were very busy but managed to find us a table downstairs and advised that there would be a wait for our food, although it didn't take long at all. We've been before and the eggs benedict were up there with the best I've had in Edinburgh but after over indulging over the Christmas holidays we decided to share the Arbroath smokie with a poached egg, spinach & Hollandaise with a side of toast. I could have eaten the whole thing myself it was so good, the hollandaise was perfect with the fresh wilted spinach and the subtle smokiness of the fish. I don't usually bother with toast but the thick slices with butter were just what the dish needed, although at 8.90 they could have included some toast in that price? I like the modern Scandinavian feel to the dcor and all the cakes laid out at the till were hard to walk past as we were leaving! I will definitely be back soon.
HOLD IT. HOLD IT. As some of you know, I am on an ongoing mission to find the greatest Eggs Benedict in all of Egginburgh. For many months, Kilimanjaro Coffee has held the crown. No longer. No longer.  I don't know what made it so amazing here. The bacon, for a start, is not how I like my bacon - it was streaky and on the side, instead of back rashers sitting snugly under their eggy blankets. And yet. And yet. And yet. The eggs were poached to perfection and, once cut into, ran free and wild across my plate with joyous abandon. The muffins on which they were served were light and fluffy. The hollandaise was absolutely packed with flavour - with the addition of a quick sprinkle of black pepper, it blew my mind. And the bacon... just... worked. It just did. It's magic. The dish, teamed with a creme caramel rooibos, set this urban wanderer winging her way, harp and all, up to cloud nine in seventh heaven.  Urban Angel is surprisingly capacious inside, made of lots of little rooms, but don't come here if you suffer from any kind of body dysmorphia as much of their decor consists of mirrors - including a charming pair in the shape of wings. The recess into which the hand basin fits in the poky little ladies' is also panelled with mirrors (which is kinda weird when you stand up to pull up yer knickers, know what I'm sayin'?). It's also below street level so you'll more than likely lose phone signal.  But when they've got eggs like that, and a menu that includes a raw chocolate shake, endless smoothies, Eteaket teas, Edward & Irwyn hot chocolates, and lots more unbelievably scrumptious things, you can forgive a few little things like that.
We have been trying to go here for a few months now and either we always miss it timing wise or were just not in the right side of town. Well we made it today and found it met our expectations.  I ordered the egg's royal (which I feel like is my go-to breakfast order) and even though it was lunch time it seemed to be there right now. It was delicious! And good size bread and salmon chances.  I couldn't resist the baked good section so I also got a slice of  plum orange bakewell.  Bakewell cakes is a newish this for me and I feel I am rarely disappointed when I chose to get them. This one was wonderful and a good size sliced.  I liked the brightness of Urban Angel and the simplicity of the place, felt very modern, yet comfortable.  The reason it only got 4 stars was my latte... I think it must be a trend in Edinburgh now to sever the smallest lattes! Really this was 1/2 the size a tall at Starbucks would have been! I know I hate to compare and cute independent store to a large corporation BUT if I'm paying 2.8 for my latte can you at least make it FEEL worth it?! I was super disappointed and would NEVER order coffee or a latte there again. On the up side the tea pots looked nice and seemed to come in nice big cups. Breakfast tea will be my choice next time.   A bit pricey but its the area,  delicious food though so if you have to pick pub food for the same price or  the fresh yummy food of Urban Angel its really not a choice =)
A Saturday afternoon event with the Yelp ladies brought me to Urban Angels on Union Street.   Unfortunately I did not have enough time to have anything else on their menu but a hot chocolate and cheesecake but those were fine :)  It's a very busy place at weekends and famous for there brunch menu, but I think it suffers a little in terms of coziness... so definitely a spot for meeting friends for a weekend catch-up over breakfast but they won't take reservations on weekends - so either come early or be prepared to wait or have a plan be.  Consider coming a little earlier is my tip ;)
I really wanted to like Urban Angel, so much so I gave it three chances (Forth St. branch only) But it's just not happening for me.   First visit was during a busy lunch service. I was told that a table would be ready within five to ten minutes. After twenty, I decided I would order to take-away. I opted for the 'superfood salad'. When I opened it, it consisted of some rocket lettuce, two cherry tomatoes, and a couple slices of red and yellow pepper. There was no sign of the advertised avocado, fennel, apple, hemp seeds, sunflower seeds, goji berries or tahini dressing. For 8.50, my wallet certainly felt at least a fiver lighter than it should have.  Second time I visited was at the insistence of my lunch companion. It was much more pleasant than my first experience. It was quieter this time and we had no trouble being seated. I went for the mackerel with a roast butternut mix as a side. It was perfectly cooked and thoroughly enjoyable. My faith was renewed.  Unfortunately, third time was no charm. Again, it was fairly quiet and I decided to attempt the 'superfood salad' again (Still wanting my tasty avocado, seed and tahini flavour hit) Again; the avocado and seed combination was conspicuous by its absence. Not a trace of either. However, this time, I was served a plate of rocket. There were more leaves on my plate than Kew Gardens must see in Autumn. A huge amount of overpowering fennel and apple but nothing else. Not even a tomato or slice of pepper. To be served that and charged 9 for the privilege is just insulting.  The waiting staff were great, I have no complaints about service but there is obviously a weak link in the kitchen here. If you are relying on suppliers for produce, alter the menu accordingly (even then, there's a Real Foods just yards away!) There's no lack of excellent cafes and delis doing what Urban Angel attempt and doing it a lot better, without charging prices that simply do not befit the food, either.
Oh hot chocolate - you are devine!  My choice of tangerine and spice was a good and was heavenly!  I haven't ever visited this nor the other branch of urban angel, but I like the feel of both places.  the decor just works. that's it.  The llovely lady server was always filling up our water and making sure everything was a-ok for all of us.  Kept a smile all the time whilst taking single orders for hot choccies and then cakes.  And when it came to paying up seperately - not an eye lid battered!  my cake was the orange, almond seabuck thorn slice.  I have ever heard of sea buckthorn before but I'm please i tried this.  It's also gluten free, which is a bonus.  I'm not gluten free but know a few people who are.  I like to try alternatives.  I read up on what sea buck thorn is and will be sourcing some soon!    The hot chocolate was as it should be. Rich, hot and chocolately! The cake was devine.  I'm defo coming on a return visit for either lunch or dinner!
I like the atmosphere, the service was (mostly) good (very accommodating to our ever increasing group), I'd just like to say that first. I have also only been once, and only had the hot chocolate (I had to rush off or I'd have had a slice of the pretty tasty looking cakes on display). So, perhaps take my review with a pinch of (smoked) salt...  I popped by at the weekend with a group of other Yelpers, in our quest to find the best hot chocolate in Edinburgh. I so wanted Urban Angel's offering to be up there, but it's actually my least favourite so far. The hot chocolate is by Edward & Irwyn, based in Morningside, and, I am assured by Cressi F, delicious in solid form. But in hot form, it was so, so disappointing.  For one thing it was 3.60 for a pretty small glass of hot chocolate! This is on par with everything else in Urban Angel, and I'll be honest and say that the high prices are the reason I've never been before (and don't intend to revisit, I mean, 8.90 for French toast, are you kidding me?!). It also wasn't that hot. And despite ordering the 'Scots Pine, Juniper and Smoked Sea Salt' hot chocolate, it tasted of nothing (not even strongly of chocolate), and what little discernible taste there was, was disguised by the sprinkling of orange chocolate on top.  So, no. I won't be back. It seems very nice inside, as I said, but the prices are waaaay too high for me to consider returning and I definitely wasn't wowed into believing that the prices were justified either.
As horrendous as it is, the Rabbie Burns makes me chuckle. Mercilessly milking the demand for Scottish tat in the area, the owners have milked The Bard's image for all it's worth, even though he himself had only the most tenuous link with Edinburgh and spent most of his drunken life living in some inbred shitty village miles away.  Walls adorned with Burns themed tat taken straight from a jumble sale, and a "Scottish" menu where the haggis comes straight from a tin, it's the very epitome of a tourist trap, perhaps the most glaringly obvious example in the whole city.  Wild horses wouldn't get me to eat here again, but in some arsey, self-absorbed, ironic way, I still find it quite cute.
Good Ole Rabbie Burns! or not...as in the case of the tourist Cafe on the Royal Mile. The name may be appealing, but trust me - thats the extent of its appeal. Yeah ok, it's a pleasant place, nice and clean and a reasonable layout but the overall experience leaves a lot to be desired, I'm afraid to say...  You can tell it's aimed at tourists as the menu has a quaint Scottish twist, such as 'a wee rolly' and 'haggis and mare haggis' . Being a local, I avoid these places like the plague. I generally try to avoid the Royal Mile, but I can understand its appeal for visitors.  the menu of Rabbie Burns isn't exactly extensive, don't expect fois gras and terrine of duck. More like...4 cheese panini and Macaroni Cheese. Yeah, don't get me wrong, if you're looking for a quick, cheap bite to eat while catching all the sights then Rabbie Burns is your place...but if you want something a little bit more exciting there are a plethora of places lined along the same street as the cafe which would fill the whole a lot better
Situated on the Royal Mile the Rabbie Burns is specifically designed for tourists, the decor is rather naff and the prices are rather expensive. Having said that, last summer when I was soaking up all the theatre at the Fringe Festival I had an overpowering urge to eat a full English fry up. Luckily for me, I was standing right outside the Rabbie Burns at this point. Perhaps this urge came from the fact that the smell of sizzling bacon, baked beans and cooked sausage was wafting out of this cafe and there was someone sitting outside devouring a whole breakfast - fried mushrooms and all. I couldn't help myself I just had to go in.  Service was quite good and I didn't have to wait too long before I was gorging on my very own fried breakfast complete with a good old fashioned cup of tea. I have absolutely no complaints about the breakfast, the bacon was slightly rubbery but it hit the spot and I left with a full tummy pleased that I had satisfied my breakfast pang.  Not the kind of place I would frequent often and I guess it really was a one off experience and I could have got a full English much cheaper if I'd only been bothered to walk a little bit further afield off tourist trap central but out of convenience this place is a-okay.
I found this cafe/pub after wandering past the many kilt and celtic jewelry shops on the Royal Mile relatively early one Saturday morning.  I was on a mission to try Scotland's legendary (and rather intimidating) haggis, and since Rabbie Burns featured a Scottish breakfast complete with haggis AND fried egg, I was immediately sold.  Wandering into the quaint, primarily wooden interior, I was greeted with smiles and urged to sit wherever I liked.  I chose a seat by the window to maximize people watching.  Ordering was extremely efficient and easy as I already knew I wanted to try the Scottish breakfast (~$7).  A mug of tea (~$1) was presented by the cheerful waitress, and the breakfast platter quickly followed.  I had 3 rashers of bacon (extra crispy like I asked), 1 sausage, 1 portion of haggis, 1 fried egg, 1 tomato, a small lake of baked beans and 1 flap jack.  Firstly, the haggis did not look anything like I pictured.  I was expecting an alarmingly intact stomach full of ground organs.  Instead, the pile of haggis looked rather like smashed falafel balls.  In fact, it tasted rather like a palatable hybrid of sausage and falafel.  I'm not sure if it was the real deal, but I liked it.  It was especially good with runny egg yolk and flap jack.  Everything was delicious, and I made quick word of the platter.    PARTING THOUGHT: Are there really enough tourists to support all the kilt shops on the Royal Mile?
The Rabbie Burns is a very reputable cafe on the Royal Mile, serving up a number of snacks ranging from panini's and breakfasts to burgers.  The decor inside and out should give you a clue that it's one for the tourists, but that's not to say the locals wouldn't enjoy a munch from here. Although it's on the expensive side of pricey for teas, sandwiches and panini's (over a fiver), it seems to be commonplace to charge that amount on the Royal Mile, and the food is good.  Where the Rabbie Burns earns its stars from me is through its choice and presentation. It's a clean cafe with loads of seats (including a huge space outdoors during the summer). There are loads of options on the menu, and even though some smaller snacks are more expensive there are full breakfasts and lunches you can devour as an alternative. They had some eats I didn't expect to see such as Greek meatballs, and although I didn't see all that much in the way of veggie options (no veggie burgers, I'm afraid) there were fillings in other dishes suitable for vegetarians.  I was even more impressed to see they serve up some bottled beers and wines. It's refreshing to see a cafe have some alcohol on their menu since many of the pubs on the Royal Mile are traditional and thus quite cosy and enclosed. On a summer's day the Rabbie Burns can seem like the airy option, and getting to sit outside a cafe watching the world go by while drinking a few beers is quite continental. I would opt for the beer or an Irish coffee over spending 2.50 on a pot of tea - to be honest, that was the one area that I found a little offputting.  Its quite expensive, the exterior is a bit tacky and it's clearly geared towards tourists, but the choice on the menu and tasty food make it one of the better placs to grab lunch on the Royal Mile.
Great haggis, great service, great whisky advise, and free wireless to customers!
This is place is full of character and charm... and whiskey. Like a lot of whiskey. We ducked out of the rain while on a short Edinburgh vacation to warm up and try some single malts. It's cozy, has free Wifi and everyone was really nice. Upon seeing that we were whiskey enthusiasts, the owner (maybe manager?) pulled up a chair and shared some favorites with us. He even pulled out a bunch of whiskey books and took us to school. Educational and boozational. I think that's a word. There was a nice fella playing some pub tunes and it put us all in the happy vacation-y spirit. Good times!
My wife and I stopped at this place after walking up and down the royal mile and were pleasantly surprised. We had a nice meal of fish and chips but what really sets this place apart was the manager Paul and his passion for and knowledge of whisky. We followed Paul's guidance and found two new scotches we really enjoyed. We had such a nice time talking with Paul, we came back a day or two later and sampled several more bottles. As expected, Paul's selections were right on the money factoring in our tastes from the previous visit. He also urged us to try something possibly outside our comfort zone and we ended up with a new favorite!  We thoroughly enjoyed all our visits to Rabbie Burns mostly due to Paul's excellent and friendly service and the vast selection of whisky.
We went to this cafe because it was the only place we could find on the Royal Mile with free outside seats. Unfortunately we would have been better off continuing our search elsewhere. The service was acceptable but the Caledonian Best was bad and explained away by the landlord as being the last pint in the barrel. The prices were shocking, even for a tourist trap.
Nice hotel in great locaion for visitors to Edinburgh , part of Best Western Hotel Group. Has a lovely restaurant downstairs and got to admit the food we had was excellent as well as the service from the staff. Ok for families to go eating as well , on busy bus route ino Edinburgh or about 5 for a taxi.
It is not often that I am rendered speechless (ask my mum) but walking into the Bruntsfield Bistro, the restaurant of the Bruntsfield Hotel, I was indeed, speechless. The decor was so chic and on-trend I was literally flabbergasted. And it's not often I use that word, as I'm sure it's not often you hear it.  Getting past the initial shock, the menu selection was great. My first visit was for a brunch (a particularly good time to visit the bistro) and was pleasantly surprised by their contemporary selections. The main meals are good too, not the best but still very good. I had duck and found it a bitty tough, but I didn't mind too much. The surroundings made up for what lacked in the food. Indeed, I felt thoroughly cool sitting there, despite the fact that nobody other than other diners could appreciate it.  Definitely worth a visit - Sunday brunch in particular.
I can't add anything to Fiona's review, she nailed it. Good place and the burgers a famous around these parts.  But The Edinburgh University Goth & Rock Society need to stop meeting in here, they've killed what was a perfectly good jukebox!!!
As the name suggests, this is quite a traditional pub. And if you're into your whiskies, then you'll be in heaven here as they have over 20 different types, ranging from the Highlands to as far afield as Japan.   If you're more of a real ale drinker, the good thing about this place is the constantly-changing selection of guest ales to choose from, alongside the two resident ones.  But there are lots of girl-friendly drinks to choose from too: their house wine is definitely among the nicer ones I've had a pub recently and the white is always nicely chilled.  The main thing I love about this place though has to be the food. If you're a student you get 10% off, and the portions are really generous so it's great value for money. Don't make the mistake I did though... you will not be able to finish the nachos on your own. Not if you plan on doing anything other than sleep for the rest of the day, anyway.   They also do really good burgers, and you build the exact combination of fillings yourself so you're bound to end up with one that you like. I've never had the sunday roast myself, but that's what i'll be having next time I go here, as my flatmates rave about it.  Why not five stars then? The music. The jukebox is purely punk/metal/gothic, and although it's not blasted really loud like most metal pubs, I just find it a bit of a weird combination with the traditional dcor and mainstream food.  Don't let that put you off though... if I could have rated this 4 1/2 stars I would have.
The Auld Hoose is excellent.  Located just off of the bustling hive of student frenzy that is the main streets of Newington, it offers a great alternative for those who often find themselves craving a change of scene from the mainstream unions and bars.    One of the things that dramatically stands out about this place is the music.  The jukebox is full of metal and rock, allowing a more subtle means of enjoying these genres than the more extreme establishments such as Opium on the Cowgate.   The choice of drinks here is vast, lots of ales and wines are available including Hobgoblin on tap! This offers a welcome relief from the common draught lagers that are usually prominent elsewhere. There is a great variety of wines, and the choices are handsomely presented on blackboards located within.    The food is great, and the large portions offer excellent value.  A particular highlight for me would be the nachos, they are HUGE. I went with three of my other guy friends, all of whom are large loons requiring a good feed, and we struggled to finish it. They come lashed with chilli, sour cream, guacamole and a generous quantity of cheese. Delicious. I haven't tried any of the other meals on offer but scrolling down the menu there are many traditional dishes such as fish and chips and steak pie.  I guess the main downside of this place is that it can sometimes seem a bit dark and claustrophobic when it gets busy. Finding seating usually isn't a problem unless you leave your arrival until quite late on Fridays or Saturdays. However, the music can sometimes be too loud and not to everyone's taste.
The Auld Hoose is a great pub, and despite being a off the beaten track, once found is a keeper. It is one of the few rock pubs in Edinburgh and this is immediately obvious upon entering and seeing the bar staff and customers. This is an advantage though, as there is always a community feel in there and you get very few obnoxious lads so it all lends itself to a pleasant drinking environment. This is only let down by the Jukebox; The Auld Hoose prides itself on having one of the only goth and rock jukeboxes in Edinburgh. I do love my punk and hardcore, but the music is just too loud, especially as the pub has a sit down and chat kind of vibe to it not get up and have a mosh. When the jukebox is turned down a bit though (very occasionally) it's a really good place to have a natter.  They also are proud to sell real beers, not just lagers. Yes you can get a Tennents if for some unknown reason you would actually want one but they have good ales as well and one of the best pints of Guinness around. There are good bottled ciders and also Crabbies.  But the jewel in the crown is that as soon as they heard Sailor Jerry was taking the Vanilla out of its rum they bought up a load of the old style bottles so it's one of the only places in Edinburgh to get the good Sailor Jerry before it turned rubbish. You will pay a bit more here than most places for a pint but as long as you go for a good one and not just some crappy lager then it's worth it.  The food is immense here as well. Students get a 10% discount but the reason it's so great is that it is huge. The plates are massive compared to other pub portions. The burgers are great as well, as is the Sunday lunch. They have platters which can easily fill two people and all for a reasonable price.   Overall it is a great pub, the only downside is that the music, whilst great if you like rock and metal, is just too loud. If you get there on one of the few days where it's turned down a bit then you will find yourself in one of the best pubs around
The Aulde Hoose is a hilarious combination of old man pub meets metal heads. In the best possible way. There are quite a few awesome things about this pub, one of them being that it's massive, so there's pretty much always a place to sit. Another being that it has a very very good selection of ales and cidres. And and and! They serve Cairn O'Mohr by the glass, though I normally go for the whole bottle (with friends!). Ahem.  Even though it's a massive space, relative to all the other good pubs in Edinburgh that tend to be quite tiny, it's not overwhelmingly huge and doesn't get obnoxiously loud. On tap, they've got a delicious cidre, the name of which escapes me, though I remember it being rare and tasty. They have Fraoch and Hobgoblin, too, which aren't that easy to find on tap anywhere in Edinburgh.   Definitely stop by the Auld Hoose if you're looking for somewhere full of delicious ales to have a drink. Especially if you're in a larger kind of group.
It was convenience that drew me to the Auld Hoose to start with, being as its located very close to a friend's house but boy am I glad it is.  We wanted somewhere close by to get something quick and easy to eat, and despite initial fears upon seeing the menus at the Auld Hoose, being both sparsely populated and plastic coated, there was really nothing to worry about.  The menu proudly claims that the nachos are "probably the biggest in Edinburgh" and four of us feeling adventurous chose to take on the challenge. Fortunately another two people turned up because these nachos... were HUGE. Seriously - go and check the picture I added. They happily fed six people. SIX GROWN PEOPLE! That;s ridiculous.  Happily it wasn't just quantity over quality, as the toppings on the nachos were pretty delicious, particularly the chilli itself. People at other tables seemed to be enjoying burgers and other assorted pub grub, and I'd happily come back to try any number of other things from the menu - which ranges from the aforementioned burgers to classics like Stovies and Haggis, Neeps and Tatties.  The Auld Hoose is first and foremost a bar though and there were a good deal of beers and ales on offer - not to mention an awesome metal jukebox and happily you don't need to be tatted from tte to toe to fit in - having come straight from work at the time I was *slightly* overdressed, but no one batted an eyelid in my direction. What a lovely place.  More places with HUGE food and less attitude please.
Of all the metal/rock/alternative bars I go to this is likely the one I nip into most. It is close to my work and next door to possibly my favourite Indian (Kismot) so it has an added convenience factor.  Recently repainted a more gothic inspired purple outside the Auld Hoose is also a proper pub, keeping good beer (Hoegaarden and real ale) and cider (Addlestones) and spirits.  The Hoose also provide some proper "Man Vs Food" style portions of tasty pub grub. The nachos clearly stand out but even the steak pie or chili will fill you to the brim. I also like the jukebox, it is the proper CD playing kind and has a little sign requesting that folks don't repeat an artist/tune meaning the music (while all industrial, rock, metal or goth) is ever changing.  So there we are, good drinks, food and music, go on give it a try.
I had done a little research in my quest to try out some Real Ale pubs.  Any beer fan from the US and probably all of North America will understand the novelty and interest in cask conditioned beers.  The Auld Hoose came up in my research to be within walking distance to my hotel.  So, of course my first night in Edinburgh I made a beeline straight for this establishment.  It was early on a Wednesday evening so the place wasn't packed.  There were a few tables occupied and at that moment it was nice and quiet.  As I had expected, I had several real ales available to try.  Since I'm not local, I asked the bartender about my options and he happily helped me with my choice.  My group and I were only a little hungry so we thought we'd have a few items to share while enjoying our beers.     Ok so I'm from Texas which is arguably the world epicenter for tortilla chips, salsa and nachos.  Please don't laugh when you learn that yes I did order their nachos.  It was part curiosity and part frustration with my group's different eating preferences.  So yes, the Texan in Edinburgh kicked off his first night with...nachos.    If you've ever played Jenga, that's what these nachos reminded me of.  The sizable plate was stacked dangerously high.  Fortunately, the mass did not collapse and fall on the floor while we strategically snagged bites to eat.  You know what?  These nachos  were also pretty good.  Definitely not Tex-Mex, but still tasty and better than I had expected.  The other reviewers were spot on with the music played here. It's definitely not easy listening but it also wasn't being blasted either.  It was easy to have conversation.  So even if you're not a fan of heavier rock music, I don't think you'd be too put off visiting at this time of day.  My only complaint was the name. Every time I said the "Auld Hoose" it sounded like I was trying to speak with a very bad Scottish accent.  Actually, I secretly loved that part...hehe  This place delivered what I expected.  I got to relax for a bit, enjoy some real ales and snack.  This is a place to visit and visit again.
Well kept beers, both regular and guest ales. A fine whisky list too.  Simple pub grub but in large portions for very reasonable prices. Beware, if ordering the large nachos bring friends, lots of them... A great metal/punk/industrial/goth juke box keeps the alternative crowd and student regulars happy.
This was my regular haunt while studying at the University of Edinburgh.  Couldn't be beat for a pint or a dram, and above all else their Mega Nachos.  So good they deserved capitalization.  I miss this place just thinking about it.  The bartenders felt like friends and the atmosphere was relaxed but upbeat.
No. I'm not a lagerboy  Well...more likely, not a "lager-auld-boy", if age still matters :)  My intention, going to the Auld Hoose, was to try a genuine and traditional Scottish Breakfast. The place looks happily aged and the people at the tables on the left of the entrance, under the direct daylight looked happy (and chatty) as well.  I went on the rightside (where daylight looked like an exotic promise) not because I love the cosy darkness, but because there I saw some smaller tables, good for a single tourist like me.  Before I was able to understand how the ordering policy was, a very friendly bartender was waving his hand asking me if I wanted something to drink (now I know that I should have ordered at the bar desk :/). Firstly I ordered the desired Scottish breakfast, then I asked him for an advice about beers and ales on tap. His answer was effective and tasty. He simply took two glasses, describing the flavours of a couple of hand pulled nectars he kindly pushed towards me. Both were delicious. I chose the Hobgoblin because I thought it could be the best option to drink with the breakfast. This choice made me desert the field of the lagerboys :)  The food was less memorable, but good enough. The slice of haggis was the best part of the dish, in my opinion.  Haggis has been a great surprise and a wonderful one. I never suspected that from those ingredients it was possible to create such a flavourful "delicatessen".  Great beers, good food, friendly atmosphere, music not too loud it's all what I was hoping to find, and I found it all.
Beer rocks  Never knew there was an awesome rock bar so close to my flat, and my life is better for it! So on the pub crawl with my Aberdonian chums, this is pub two, and it was a bit of a suck it and see approach. I knew it was somewhere near us and luckily we found it thanks to dumb luck, we were pleasantly surprised.  It's a traditional decor, dark wood with wee stools and archaic lamp shades. A long island bar with a glorious single real ale pump, serving nuclear craft ales, this session was Tiny Rebel's Hadouken, and it was like a drop kick in the face. The staff were suitably punk, and I'm not talking brew dog hipster punk either.  Now, the special thing here is the jukebox, its jam packed with some of the most awesome rock and punk albums ever, and one of my drinking companions could have spent a fortune on it. Lucky for him we were on a strict 2 beer max per pub rule.  I want to go back to this pub on a Friday night and meet some of the locals, I think this would lead to some great drinking stories. Awesome selection of shots etc also...
Is student friendly... Good prices on single malt... Don't miss the nachos!
Nachos as big as 5 Yelpers faces!  On a Yelper Nacho-crawl, we ended up here. My first question was 'why had I not been here sooner?' Y'see, I was a total wee mini mosher in my day. I only didn't go to SOAD concerts for fear of being literally crushed in the mosh pits. I rarely indulge that side of my any more, but when I step into a bar and hear some good rockin' tunes on and some really ace staff who are friendly but chilled out, I feel at home.  A group of 10 of us descended to feast upon their epic sized nachos. I thought I had seen big food before. But nothing compared to the big nachos. For 10.95 they say they'll feed 3 - 4. Ha. I'd reckon 5 - 6.   The photos don't do them justice. Literally the biggest mound of nachos I have ever seen, heaped HIGH with chilli, and sour cream and guac. Cheese (really really GOOD cheese) melted across almost every layer. We ate for 20 minutes and it looked like we hadn't made a dent.  As David S said, Man V Food proportions. I can normally eat a hefty amount and feel fine, but I actually had flashbacks to being 5 years old and giving myself tummy ache from eating just a little too much.  Great value, and not scrimping on quality. Good beers and cider, friendly staff, and a kind of chilled out rock bar (rock music and rock staff, but not super loud music or super exclusive).  I'll definitely be back.
Went to the Auld Hoose with a group of Yelpers in search of nachos.  Well, it wasn't much of a search, we had previously been informed that this place has the biggest nachos ever - seriously see the pictures!!  So I came armed with a hunger to match.  3 of us shared a bowl of these Mega Nachos that are suggested for 3-4.  They came pretty quickly and looked amazing when they did.  Great ratio of toppings to nachos, as so often there is just not enough.  Chilli beef, guacamole, sour cream and cheese throughout.  It took us a good 20 minutes or so to make a serious dent in the mound and start to get to the underneath layers, which were still hot.  After eating about a quarter of the bowl myself, I really should have stopped, but as I hate wasting food and the other 2 had had enough, I just kept shovelling it in....literally.....using the nachos to shovel up the toppings.  Big mistake.  When I finally finished all the toppings, apart from some jalapeos which are a little on the spicy side for my mild palate, there was a only a handful of nachos left.  About 15 minutes later, when I got up to use the bathroom, I realised just how full I was - serious muffin top and struggled to do my pants back up.  Walking home was not at all comfortable, more of a waddle.  Then I seriously needed to lie down and stretch out.  I don't hesitate to say that these are the best nachos I've ever had.  I just wish we had a 4th person to help us eat the monstrosity.  As for the pub; it is quite small, but with character.  Laid back staff, heavy rock playing in the background, not your usual pub music.  Would definitely go back for the nachos alone, but I might give it a while!
Un pub tpico con una gran seleccin de cerveza y cider - tanto de grifo como de botella - y whiskys - por supuesto!, buena msica rock/alternativa/metal de fondo.   Los camareros son muy amables y te aconsejan muy bien sobre las bebidas... te preguntan sobre tus gustos, te recomiendan algunas cervezas o ciders e igual que en la mayora de los pubs tambin te dan 2 o 3 para probar y decidir tranquilamente. En este pub me sorprendieron los camareros con sus conocimientos de cada una de las bebidas que venden - Cervezas con notas sutiles de lpulos, fondos de ctricos y con no s qu tipos de espumas...  Con los ciders pas lo mismo... pareca que estuviramos en una cata de vinos en vez de un pub normal y corriente (ya me gustara que algunos camareros de restaurantes selectos tuvieran tanta sabidura sobre sus productos).  Igual que en otros locales hay "resident ales" de grifo que siempre son las mismas, y "guest ales" que van cambiando cada par de semanas.  La comida en The Auld Hoose es la tpica comida de los bares escoceses - autntico "pub grub", aros de cebolla, hamburguesas, cosas para picar... nachos...   LOS FAMOSOS NACHOS! Son famosos primero porque estn muy buenos (con jalapeos, sour cream, carne picada, queso) y segundo porque las raciones son GIGANTESCAS!  Acabarlos es realmente misin imposible, lo tenemos comprobado - la racin para 3 a 4 personas es suficiente para 5 o 6  (bueno, o para 3 a 4 Yelpers valencianos muy hambrientos que cuando lean esto saben que me refiero a ellos :-)
Really GREAT local pub and dog friendly! winner! They play good music, serve proper beer and the wine is alright too. Now the food is real pub grub but the nachos... oh my word what a portion! (we ate it all though) Really oddly they didnt put any salsa on them which left me a little heartbroken but they were a treat.
As locals go, this one is probably hard to beat. I liked the vibe and clientele (mostly students but good craic and atmosphere) and the bar looked well stocked and plentiful.   Where this place excelled was its food. I ordered a veggie burrito and it was damn fine. Daaaaaamn fine. The plate was rammed with a massive burrito, loads of rice and sauces to boot. Hugely enjoyable pub grub.   Pals ordered a plate of nachos and they were the largest mountain of chips and topping I've seen for the price. They looked amazing!   So in short this is the place to come to catch up with pals and get fed to bursting. Yum!
A cosy Edinburgh pub with friendly staff, whopping nachos and a nice vibe. I like it!   I visited for a covert meeting of which I cannot reveal any of the details ... let's just say there were lots of hungry people who'd ordered two portions of nachos between 8 people before we'd arrived. I thought this was pretty optimistic when I saw the size of the nachos- these are indeed as gigantic as you've heard.   Large doesn't always mean good though (ahem) but I'm happy to report these were excellent. The tortilla chips were plentiful, obviously, there was LOADS of topping and the beef chilli was super tasty. My only suggestion would be a side plate to eat off as it was a little bit messy at times.   I wasn't drinking on this visit but their orange and lemonade is well tasty, and not too expensive either. There is parking right out the front if you're driving through from Scotland's best city for a visit, and the staff will make you feel both warm and welcome.
Despite the comical name, Auld Jock had his work cut out from day one, as he's located just five minutes from Piemaker, perhaps the greatest place on Earth.  Jock puts up a bit of a fight admittedly, with decent pies and pastries, but the quality just isn't quite there, and it's a little bit steeply priced, considering Piemaker will do you a sausage roll for just 55p.  They have struck gold in one sense though, by doing delicious Mackie's ice-cream cones. I've found getting a decent ice-cream surprisingly difficult in this neck of the woods, so must give Auld Jock credit where credits due.
With a stereotypical name like 'Auld Jocks', I didnt hold high hopes for this odd little pie shop (or shoppe) at all.  Offering a huge range of things to eat, including scottish delicacies as Haggis 3 different ways (in a pie, with chips, or with neeps and tatties) you cannot complain that there wont be anything you fancy to eat.  Unfortunatly, the prices are rather high and the food rather dissapointing - lacking in taste and just a bit boring really.   However, this place was full - with people coming in to order food all the time, much to the credit of the one member of staff who I could see working her socks off.   Maybe then its just me, and I have missed the point of Auld Jocks Pie Shoppe - but I wasnt taken by this place.
I'd genuinely never spotted this place, despite walking past it thousands of times, until quite recently. It's just a wee place, with seating for maybe a dozen people. It's aimed squarely at the tourist market, but this is Edinburgh and tourism is rather important to our economy, so that's no bad thing, in itself.   The mash was defintely better than the pie, a haggis filled one, that I tried. Not a place I'll be rushing back, but if you have a longing for pie stodge, you could do worse that pop in here.  Overall, we said: "the mash at Auld Jock's was the standout item. The rest of the experience wasn't quite so highlight packed. The place is quite tourist trappy, and for the quality on offer, it is a little pricey. I'm glad I acted upon my curiosity, after finally spotting this place, but I'm not sure I was rewarded richly enough to consider a repeat visit."
Not great food.  The place looks quite fun and has coupled with a local bakery next door. Tony was even part of this year's great british menu. Unfortunately I did not enjoy my food. The dessert was clearly old, and not fresh. The 5 different cheese all taste the same -- basically of blue cheese. The starter was really good. The main was ok (a pie), but not very imaginative. I was also a little shocked that there were no fresh/green option on the menu. All options were quite heavy/stew type dishes.  The staff is really nice and the restaurant is quite fun. Lots of pigs everywhere, a few quotes on the wall. But the tables are a little sad. The menu is quite cheap, but still. Not good enough!  I was expecting much better. Really disappointed :(( Sorry Tony.
Style over substance you say? You're not kidding. Yes, yes it's quirky. Yes it has all the little touches to make give you a more enjoyable 'experience'. But when you're going for a cheap lunch (which wasn't actually that cheap, for lunch) you need more than experience. You need good food.  Now, I've eaten at Tony Singh's other restaurant - Oloroso. And it was stunning. Everything about the place is spectacular, especially the view of the castle. That really did add to the experience. But it ADDED to the experience, the main part of which was the incredible food.   This place seems to have forgotten the main point of a restaurant - food! I had the Chilli Pig Pie. Oh Tony, your names are hilarious. I mean, Chilli Pig Pie! Inspired! Shame about the food - bland, bland, bland. I wanted a real chilli kick, which I didn't get. Boring.
When I walked into the pub, my friend called out to his friend "Hey Alice (or insert here appropriate name)!" and all the locals pretty much just looked like they'd tolerate him. But barely. I mean, he's a funky looking kid with long hair and a rucksack. But they've seen him enough times to tolerate him.   So, that's the kind of attitude you'll get from people in the Stockbridge Tap. Which is not necessarily a bad thing. I mean, I always tend to look down my nose at people who've decided to make their way into my regular pub. And be loud and obtrusive. I mean, they're drinking my ale. Sitting on my seats. Etc.   And their choice of beer more than makes up for the initially intimidating atmosphere. It's a matter of holding your ground, you see. The regulars are just testing you. So grab a good pint of ale and seat yourself for the long run.
Plenty of real ale on tap and being in Stockbridge are the 2 things going for Stocky Tap. On their own, big positives.   On the downside, service can be a little snooty and there is definitely a preference shown to locals when queueing for drinks...or at least that's what I've experienced...too many times now not to comment. Lift your service Stocky Tap.
The Stockbridge Tap is clearly a bit of a popular institution with Stockbridge locals, and it's been around for a while to prove its worth. The Stockbridge area has become, or probably always was, a really effervescent and hip area to go for a drink, although I think more people are body swerving some of the over frequented bars in the centre of town, to come ten minutes down the road to Stockbridge for a more individual experience.  The Stockbridge Tap sits at the more traditional end of the bars and pubs in Stockbridge, with its wooden barrels, classic wooden decor in general, and the no frills, straightforward drinking feel. This is a decent place to have a chilled drink and a chat, and it has a huge whisky menu, which is great for cold nights, when you need some traditional banter and that warm, fuzzy feeling (otherwise known as the onset of tipsiness). I like my traditional pubs slightly cosier than The Tap, as I don't feel quite as comfortable as I would like in here, but I would still recommend stopping here for a beverage if you're doing the rounds in Stockbridge.
Dogs are allowed inside (no judgment, just an observation).  We had two open sandwiches, a pint, and a 1/2 pint and it cost us 15.  The sandwiches came with 6 chips each and were served on cutting boards.  We were both pleased with our sandwiches and the portion size was probably just right for lunch.  There was an odor (from the dogs?) upon entering but by the end of our meal it no longer bothered me.  The service was friendly.
I have been here a few times now and I have always been very happy with the drinks and the quality of service.  As well as having a few local Stewart Brewing beers on tap there is always a good selection of other craft beers/ciders from across the UK every time I have been in. The staff are very knowledgeable and always make good recommendations depending on what I or my friends have been after.  It's a cosy atmosphere in the place, lots of locals (who come from many different countries I should add) who appreciate good drinks. I haven't tried the food yet, but it looks good.  if you are after good craft beers, this is a place for you. If you want the usual drinks you'll get everywhere else, this place is not for you.
Watch out for the broken sofa in the back - there's a reason why it's the only seat left available.   Sofa aside, I'm a big fan of the Tap. Great place to try a variety of beers (many local), and their whisky list is user-friendly. I've found the staff to be quite welcoming and happy to help with your decision-making if you're stumped for what to order.   The kitchen seems to be closed frequently and on a schedule that I am unable to predict, so I have not yet tried the food here.
Good beer, mixed service  Ok, so I do enjoy drinking here, its probably my favourite bar in Stockbridge, but I live in Newington so I don't go out over this end of town much. They have a good range of alternating beer. It's a cosy enough place, and you can watch the sports, or sit by the window and watch the world go by.  I think the service is mixed here, on my last visit it was pretty rubbish. The bar tender grunted mostly and got restless when we took our time to order, nobody else was waiting to get served. The Rugby was on and they all seemed more interested in that or chatting to each other.   Saying that, I have been there at times when the service has been great, but normally when it is dead - the place just seems a bit too drab and lifeless.  They do occasional tap takeovers which are the best things a beer lover can attend - unless it is on a school night, in which case they are quite risky.  They also do food, but I have never eaten there.
Stockbridge Tap is an above average pub in Edinburgh. The food is at times brilliant--the chips are hand cut (not the frozen yellow freak chips), steak and ale pie is smothered in cheese and out of bounds in flavour town, and the burgers are all great (Wednesday is 6 burger night).   The beers are a good mix of Real and standard. The real ales are changed all the time, so if you start going regularly for burger night, you will likely have a new range of brews to choose from.   The seating can sometimes be dodgy, as it tends to be a hopping spot for the locals. The price is ok, pretty much in line with other pubs (but with better food). The staff are sometimes nice and sometimes not so nice, depends on who you get. The whisky selection is on point. They allow dogs, which adds a nice charm to the place. Free wifi!  All in all, I am a huge fan of Stockbridge tap and make trips there at least once a week.
Named after a medieval Edinburgh loch that the plague-ridden residents of yesteryear used as a dump for their buckets of shit, piss and vomit,  The Nor' Loch is surprisingly alright for a station pub.  Don't get me wrong, there's nothing good about it, but knowing it was a station pub, I expected it to have all the charm and atmosphere of the stagnant body of filthy sewage water it's named after. It doesn't have much more, admittedly, but wasn't as depressing as I expected it to be.  Usual story, middle of the road beers, a few cheap plonks, and food I wouldn't give to the dog. Just as you expect.
Considering that the Nor' Loch caters to commuters who have a long delay for thier train, or are tanking up before getting on a train to somewhere for a stag do - this place isnt bad.  Yes, being in the middle of a train station may seem like it would propose problems for a pub - but actually, this place does very well out of being here. It is always full, being the only pub in the station, it can cater for families (so dont expect it to be a hardcore drinking den), it serves food which isnt bad and its not to shabby looking either.  However, it is on the expensive side and generally always full of stag do's. But really, this place should be worse, but somehow it isnt.
Overpriced, shabby and a little bit depressed. Good if you are stuck and need a seat, whilst waiting for a hour for your next train, but  wouldn't rush to spend a night here, my wallet nor my dignity couldn't handle it.  On the upside, the lady serving me last night was entirely pleasant.
Tucked away at the back of the train station, the Nor Loch is a good way to pass some time if you're a bit too early for a train (or in my case, late!)  It doesn't really have a personality, but that's to be expected since its main pull of customers are commuters. As I've said of train station bars before, I quite like the anonymity of sitting in a place like this where you're unlikely to bump into someone you know. You can usuaslly grab a paper and a pint and go undisturbed.  They serve up some pretty standard food and drinks prices are reasonable. It's decked out like an old man bar so it's got a cosy facade. There's not that much behind it but then, there doesn't need to be. If you're wanting somewhere to meet a friend before you catch the last train home, this bar is a perfectly nice venue to do so. They also serve up tea and cake, if you're that way inclined.
In retrospect, I wish we'd just bought a few cans in the shop and drank them on the train.  It was full of wasted folk who I suspect weren't waiting on trains, was reasonably dingy, and was just generally the kind of place where you drink up quickly because you just want to get away from the clientele.
The Nor Loch Bar is situated in the Waverley station, it's not a bad bar, a little on the expensive side but you expect that from the location. When l used to go here years ago you had to ask for the key for the toilet not sure if its still like that now.
Not much room and full of people pissed out of their heads at 12pm
It's a pub in Edinburgh Waverley. It's fine for what it's meant to be. It has some TVs with Sky News on usually, and some departure boards so you know exactly how fast you have to down your "last pint" before the train home.  The toilets are clean, mainly because the staff have to unlock them for you from the bar - it's either a great idea, or horrible if you're in dire need of them like some folk I saw!  Fine selection of draft lagers and beers, and cheap-ish by station standards.  Fine. Sums it up perfectly. It's not great, but not awful either. It's fine.
Wildly overpriced so if you're planning on drinking here, I'd kindly suggest that you spend your money at an off licence and drink on the train.  l stopped here with my better looking half for a quick drink and maybe a bit to eat before we began our little day out to North Berwick.  The signboard outside showed 2 offers. One being a sandwich & a drink for 5. The other offer was for a pie & a pint for 4.80. l opted for the pie/pint combo as l felt like giving myself some extra man points. The plans were quickly scuppered as the cook, who was lacking in any sort of apron/pinnie told me there was no pies so I opted for the sandwich & drink then to find out that it was for a hot drink or small soft drink. I also overheard the barmaid ask a gent for 8 for 2 bottles of beer which gave me a bit of a fright.  Overall quite misleading in my personal opinion. The sandwich was pretty good. Nice bread, nice ham and cheese. Nothing that can go wrong which is good and the coffee was fairly nice for a train station/pub coffee.  I do wish that I had seen the toilets before sitting down to my sandwich though, which had a can of Stella that never made it back out again with a questionable puddle that didn't quite make it to the toilet bowl.  Sorry Nor Loch, you tempted me in with your almost classic looking decor but unfortunately that was all you had.
I'd read about this place and was really excited about trying it out. Unlike a lot of places though, Pickled Green was every bit as amazing as I'd thought it was going to be. The concept is simple: tasty food that's both bikini and wallet-friendly. What's not to love?!  They only use seasonal ingredients which they can source locally, which explains the good vlue for money and also why the food is always really fresh. They have a list of these ingredients when you go in - at the moment it's courgettes, samphire, wood pigeon, courgettes and artichokes, but it means that the menu is changing all the time. This is particularly good if, like me, you plan to be heading back here very soon.  I'm not a vegetarian, but some of the veggie dishes on their lunch menu when I was there looked so good that I had to go against all my principles and order one. For my main course I went for the Broccoli Risotto with Watercress and Toasted Almonds, and it was definitely a good decision. If you're in a meatier mood, my friend had a pork fillet with caramelised apples and champ mash. Needless to say, I pinched a bit, and I still can't decide whose was the better choice.  For their lunch menu, you'll pay 10 for two courses or 12.50 for three... Whichever one you go for, you'll feel like you robbed them.
At first glance, Pickled Green looks very stripped down, shiny and new from the outside. That is only because they are new, and for an establishment just joining Edinburgh's eating scene they are doing exceptionally well.  They post up snippets of their high profile rave reviews in the window and on their signs, which can occasionally put me off eating in a place. But Pickled Green's contemporary surroundings are clean without being unwelcoming. And really, you sould be concentrating on the food - which is amazing!  With mouthwatering spinach, spring vegetables and soup, their lunchtime menu is an absolute treat. The majority of their food is locally sourced and they seem to regularly update their menu. I visited here with my friends and our meals were so tasty there wasn't a scrap left on any of our plates. There is also enough on the menu to appease veggies, no matter what time of the day you stop in for a dish!  The staff are friendly, the surroundings are relaxed and the chef is shit hot - not bad for its first year! A very welcome addition to Rose Street's good eateries, it's no wonder Pickled Green is tickling its customers pink.
All pubs on Rose Street are more or less the same, but they're all brilliant. As Marj has said, they have all their reviews stuck up on their windows, which is a bit arrogant yeah, but it works. If someone recommends it, I'll go, and that is exactly how I found myself in Pickled Green.  It's a nice place, nicely decorated and nice friendly staff. The atmosphere is really good too, really chilled. The food is good too, although that's second-hand information I'm afraid as I've only been for a drink. Rest assured, I'll come for something to eat!
It may not look much from the outside, but Pinkerton Smith is actually a surprisingly good little restaurant cum cafe with an emphasis on seasonal and fresh food. It has a slight feel of being aimed at the organic Earth Mother brigade, but don't let that out you off.  Wood pigeon might not sound the best, but it's far more tasty than munching on a disease ridden flying rat caught fresh from Waverley Station. The soups and vegetables are also pretty solid, and the fresh, natural taste of the scran ensures you feel healthy and alive rather than sick and bloated once you leave.  Prices get ramped up severely in the evening, so it's best to visit at lunch.
Super! Traditional Scottish plus contemporary gastro-pub. Go here.
Pickled Green is a great little restaurant serving traditional British food. Situated in the centre of Rose Street, Pickled Green is right in the centre of the city and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.   The inside of the restaurant is really contemporary and modern, with wooden floors and wooden tables and chairs, with lots of light and space. I came here for the first time just a few weeks ago for dinner, and the place looked great inside, but I found sitting on the wooden benches got really uncomfortable after a while and there was no back to them either, so after an hour or so I was itching to stand up. The dinner menu was pretty small, but there was a decent selection of options on it. I had the chilled pea soup to start which was completely amazing. It was the first time I had eaten cold soup, and I didn't think I was going to like it, but it was full of flavour and tasted really fresh. I then had salmon with new potatoes for my main course, which was equally beautiful. The salmon was cooked perfectly and there was a great wee sauce to go with it - yum!   The prices are pretty reasonable too, with most main courses costing 7, and a three course meal costing 20 which is a good deal. Pickled Green is a great restaurant, serving delicious food, but you might want to be prepared to bring cushions with you for the uncomfy seats!
This restaurant thoroughly deserves its Michelin star. The service is, as is to be expected, immaculate. The food delicious and different. Try the tasting menu to experience a range of taste treats and wonderful wines to accompany them. Skip the coffee though.
This is one of the only Michelin Star Restaurant in Edinburgh. It's located off the beaten track (or in other words, down at Leith) and is something quite special to Edinburgh. I quite like getting in a taxi and going down to Leith, it almost feels as if I'm in a different city altogether!  The restaurant is funky, as my mum described it. It's nice, modern and clean, but maybe could do with a touch more excitement. But you don't go to a Michelin Star restaurant for the decor. The food was, as expected, delicious. The best part is there is always a good deal on to eat here, so you can get amazing food for next to nothing! I had lamb with vegetables in an orange sauce, which was YUMMY and my dad had steak, which he loved.   It's a brilliant place to come to for a special occasion!
OK this was one of the best places in Scotland we had in our tripl The artichoke soup was rich creamy with flavors of truffles and a great dish.  We had the tasting course and found it a pretty decent tastng menu.  There were about 2 stand out dishes like the soup and the rest were about a 7-8 which in our personal 1-10 rating is pretty respectable.  I would give this place about a 8 to 8.5 out of ten.  It was a solid performer but not yet at a French Laundry level but worth a visit if you are traveling to Scotland or for a special occasion.
It would be a little ridiculous for me to review the food in this place. It's got a Michelin star, and, if the rumours are right, it's on the brink of another. So just accept the food is really incredible. In fact, it's more than food. It's art. Art you can eat. The very best kind of art. So instead of talking about the food, I'm going to talk about my experience of Restaurant Martin Wishart.  First off, it was my 21st when I went. A big occasion. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left we were treated like royalty. The waiters (all men, all French) were attentive but not intrusive. When they weren't needed they sort of lurked in the shadows, then appeared out of nowhere ready to assist.  We had the tasting menu with the matching wine menu to go with it, plus the supplementary cheese board coz we're greedy. Now it has to be said that this cost approximately the same as a small yacht, or 6 weeks in the Seychelles (that's hyperbole!), but it was really worth it. Our waiter talked us through all the wines, explaining why it matched. And when we'd finished they brought me a plate which had petit fours delicately arranged and 'Happy 21st Birthday' written in chocolate. A very, very special experience indeed.
Dear Lord,  When I die, if I go to heaven (and lets face it I've been good most of the time....) can it please be catered by Martin Wishart.  Kindest Amen.
As I live and breathe this was probably the greatest dining experience of my life.  Other half took me on Friday night as a birthday treat, and my god a treat it was. From the moment you walk in the door you know you are somewhere special. Greeted at the door we need not even give them our name, based on the time and without any notes in site he greets us both by name....!  With no hurry given to reviewing the menu we were instead given a beetroot macaroon with horseradish cream and asked if we wish to have an aperitif. Once that had arrived and we had begun to enjoy it and relax we were then presented with the menu, expertly explained by the waiter.  For me it had to be the tasting menu, other half went for the shellfish tasting menu. We both had the wine pairing. What happened next I don't have words for:  7 courses of the most exquisite cooking I have ever had the pleasure to witness. From the amuse bouche of 3 tasters including salsify, scallop and salmon mousse, to the scallop with pigs trotter puy lentils, duck with morels, ox tongue and potato.....it just kept coming! The wine with each course seemed to get better, some how not clahing against the last.  At the end of the meal we were privileged enough to be taken on a tour of the kitchen. If this is was michelin dining is about....I want more of it.  To say this place is JD Recommended is as big an understatement as can be made! :)
One of the best meals I have ever eaten.  First of all, they have a vegetarian tasting menu.  The service is impeccable.  The food was incredible.  The place is expensive, but worth it. Don't miss this restaurant when you go to Edinburgh.
This is in my top five places I have ever eaten at. Should you choose to dine here you will most definitely not be disappointed. The food is expertly crafted down to the finest details.  This restaurant truly captures the imagination and is not just a place to go eat a fancy meal, this is a place to have an experience.
Don't be scared of the Michelin Star or the formality of the dining room.  Service was friendly and the lunch prix fixe is an amazing deal.  the day we were there there was a mix of business lunches, a wedding party, a few dates and a few tourists.  They were accommodating to my boyfriends gluten free requirement and the food was, needless to say, top notch.  What really impressed me was the wines I ordered.  One Borgogne white and a Bordeaux.  If I was at the end of my day and no the start, I would have been happy to drink more but alas, it was not to be.  If you do order the foie gras terrine, be warned it is a VERY generous serving.  It would easily be enough for 2-3 and yes I ate the whole thing.
This is very approachable high-end food and well worth the price. The five course tasting menu with a glass of wine gets you out at about 80. Try to leave room for the cheese if you can - it looks divine but it's hard to squeeze in after deceptively filling courses.
This is what  I love about Edinburgh. After you think you have seen it all a gem like this pops up and you are in love with this City all over again.   This secret polish vodka bar is located on top of the Arcade pub, mostly geared to younger crowds.  I came here one Sunday after a gig with some friends and because it was early it was quiet. However, this place is TINY  with two small rooms and a bar.  The atmosphere is set with the funky decoration(check out my photos) and the candle lit tables.   They have the most amazing selection of polish vodkas. Their menu and the choices seem endless and  has very useful descriptions in English under each type (including quotes such as "Chuck Norris wouldn't mind" ) I had no idea that their was such a variety in Polish vodkas!  If you are confused as I was about what mixer goes with your choice in vodka the bartender is really helpful and friendly. They even have fun straws for their drinks and the prices are just right!  Vodka fans rejoice!
Theres nothing quite like realising that somewhere you think you know holds a secret. A secret arcade no less. That sells excellent vodka's.  Hidden away this secret Polish vodka bar makes no excuses if you dont know it - its tiny is what I'm trying to say. Theres two rooms and a bar - all of which are infinatly funky and stylish.  The main plus for this place is the most amazing selection of Vodka's - I've never seen so many. It's not like Revolution where its normal vodka with different flavours in it, there are different types of vodka - I've tried as many as I can and the best as i can describe it is a range of smooth to harsh flavours or strenghts of taste. Who knows, it all goes down the same way and i love it.  But this place is a secret, so I'm trusting you to help keep it that that way :)
I can't believe it's taken me four years to find this place! It's tucked in behind Fabrick on Cockburn Street, so much so that'd you'd easily be forgiven for walking past and not even noticing it's there.  When you do find it though, you instantly feel really smug as if you're part of some sort of exclusive club: everyone that knows about it raves about it, and everyone that doesn't just stands there looking really confused and bemused whilst other people bang on about how good it is.  You don't need to have been to Poland to appreciate the delights of good quality vodka. We've all been in a situation where we've woken up with an undeserved hangover, only to eventually work out that your awful state of health isn't so much to do with the quantity of what you drank as opposed to the quality of it. That's not the case here.  Their vodkas are all good quality names, both ones that are well-known in the UK and ones that aren't; but either way you can rest assured that what you're drinking is good stuff.  I was lucky enough to discover this place just after I'd got home from my first trip to Krakow, and very much pining after cherry vodka served over ice, or honey vodka failing that. And I'm pleased to announce, this place can cater for bother of those demands. Although it is a bit on the pricey side (which is why I'm not giving it 5 stars), it's definitely one of Edinburgh nightlife's best-kept secrets.
This bar is one of Edinburgh's best kept secrets. Sandwiched between the Royal Mile and Cockburn street on a dodgy looking back alley, the Secret Arcade is amazing. Heading up the stairs you find a pretty small bar, but turning around there is quite a big side room, especially good for birthday parties, as it is all one big table. The bar staff here are really cool, and recommend certain vodkas to you.  Because that's what this place is, mainly a Polish vodka bar. They also do Tyskie and Zywiec but the primary focus is on vodka, and with about 100 odd on the menu it doesn't disappoint. With flavours ranging from apple, banana, cherry etc to Turkish delight, there is everything a vodka lover could want. They also have different strengths, going anywhere from about 30% to 95% which, from personal experience, is deadly.   If you haven't been to this bar yet, definitely head off there, for a great atmosphere, awesome drinks and a completely different experience from most Scottish bars.
So i was introduced to the secret Polish vodka bar this week by Joe A. It is pretty cool, good music, nice staff, good vodka (obviously) and good food! I had haggis, neeps and tatties with whisky sauce and it was absolutely delicious, although a huge portion!  All in all, i can't wait to go back and try more vodka from the extensive menu! :)
This place has got it nailed in the name...... SECRET.   I had no idea this place even existed until Mr. Joe A was adamant we go find it on St Patricks Day and give it a go!! Ok, so by the time we arrived here some of us were well on our way but the 5 shots of vodka for 10.99 totally sounded like a good idea!?   I ended up having 3 different kinds of vodka here, a blackcurrant one, Lime and then something with paprika and black pepper (I wanted to be different!?) and they were all pretty good. Apart from that they taste just like a shot of vodka. I would definitely say if you are going, mix them! My tatanka was delicious though!  The atmosphere is good, the surroundings are pretty nice, the menu sounded yummy!!! I would go back again, but maybe in a more sober frame of mind to properly enjoy it!
Recently I'd heard a lot of whispering about this little hidden secret just off Cockburn Street.  I was intrigued and wanted to go and check this place out for myself.    I went in at 11pm on a Saturday night which I'll admit was my first mistake as this Polish vodka bar was full to the brim!    I was pleased to discover that they had a promotion of 5 shots of vodka for 10.99 and you can basically choose any vodka from the extensive menu except a couple that are excluded.  Great deal and fun way of trying different flavoured vodkas.  However everytime finally I chose a flavour and ordered they said they didn't have it so it took me ages to actually place my order.    Unfortunately that's the best thing I have to say about this place.  I do want to give it another shot, perhaps for food as I've heard good things however I won't be rushing back to be honest.
The quest to find Secret Arcade was a long and laborious one. Now that I'm in on the secret, I can totally say it was worth the wait.  A couple of us had heard tell of a Polish vodka bar hidden well off the beaten track, up one of the many alleyways and closes that branched off of Cockburn Street. Anyone that knows of the labyrinthine walkways to which I refer will understand that finding a small vodka bar, with nary a name to go on, was no mean feat.  Help, however, was at hand in the form of good ol' faithful Word Of Mouth. And by way of a friend of a friend of a friend, one sad St. Paddy's Day (it was Kerrin's Leaving Do... Paddy just so happened to share the occasion...!) our merry fellowship set off on our quest... and struck gold!  Be very careful to whom you divulge the information I am about to share. Once they know, there's a chance you'll see them a lot more often....!  The Secret Arcade is in fact the elusive upper level of Cockburn Street's Arcade Pub. Entry can be gained by way of the back staircase during the day, but after 7pm, up the dark, narrow and mysterious Jackson's Close, the Secret Arcade opens its own doors for those clever (or informed) enough to find it.  Venture upstairs to find an ever-so hip bar of Polish delights. Armchairs that glow like lampshades in the dimness, two intimate rooms of seating and standing room, a menu of 80+ flavoured vodkas, and more sociable Poles than you can shake a car full of cabbage at. Everything about this place screams cool, from the reputation, to the music, to the dcor. Secret Arcade has it in droves.  Now that I've found it, my only worry is that the secret will get out soon and this place will succumb to a horde of drunken chavs and/or students before long. There's something really cool about being in the know about this clandestine bar... it even has me questioning whether to post this review....!?  I've raved about the social aspects, but it doesn't end there. Also available in the bar downstairs, Secret Arcade does some of the most interesting and tasty pub grub in the Royal Mile neighbourhood.  Twice I've been lucky enough to dine here. First time round I plumbed for the Pork & Chorizo Burger, with cheddar, caramelised onion, tomato and Marie Rose sauce. Served with chips and side salad. On my next visit I absolutely had to go for the Robert Burns Haggis Stack with whiskey sauce... oh wow! It's like they took a sand castle bucket and filled it with pure Scotland (see the photo, see it now!) - absolutely delicious. The little tweaks they make to classic gastro dishes is pretty interesting, such as the Marie Rose sauce on a pork burger. They certainly don't skimp on portions or flavour for that matter, and prices are hugely reasonable for what you get.  I want to tell you to find this place, I want to tell you to go. I really do.... but I won't!
'we're meeting at secret arcade on friday' was the message i got on wednesday afternoon.  secret arcade i thought.... was the location secret, is there a secret handshake to get in, will someone tell me how to get there??  lucky for me, i was with a group of friends that were well in on the secret so i didn't have to get lost or try out any secret handshakes.  secret arcade is a very cool polish vodka bar that has an amazing collection of high quality vodkas.  it also has good music, nice staff, and very cool decor with awesome red tiled light up chairs right at the top of the staircase.  being slightly tipsy on arrival i wasn't sure if these chairs were actually glass and if i could sit in them.  i did find out they weren't glass, but i never sat in them as we moved into the back room to take advantage of the large table and big bench for lots of people to sit at.  there was also a tv which was showing the matrix in case we had a lull in the conversation.  checking in on the yelp app you get a free shot of a vodka of the week.  i opted for the skittle vodka which very much tasted like a skittle.  it also didn't taste at all like vodka, which could be seen as a good and bad thing.  i got to try some of Jennie's fudge vodka which was also incredibly nice.  i then opted for a cosmo arcade that had cranberry vodka, cranberry juice and lime juice and another vodka that escapes my mind.  Valerie and i decided these were very good and had a second just to confirm.  i ended my night with a hazelnut vodka as recommended by Joe which was both delicious and deadly at the same time.  happily buzzed from the vodka, i descended the stairs back to cockburn street and headed home.  but i definitely felt like i'd been let in on a very cool secret that i want to share with others.  vodka bars are awesome and vodka in any form is a delightful drink!
I visit Cockburn Street frequently but more so for the kooky shops and hadn't really taken note of the Secret Arcade before. So I totally expected a gaming scene with slot machines and tables but it was an arcade of a different sort. Downstairs was quite small, lightly decorated and modern and seemed to be mainly for dining. Upstairs made use of the stone walls giving a cave like effect . It was small and filled up by 11pm but service was still quite quick at the bar, staff were friendly. I could really taste the rainbow through my skittles vodka shot and ended up having 2 cosmo arcades which were delicious! Having already eaten I was quite envious of the haggis stacks that came out of the kitchen and definately want to come back here to try the food........and more vodka from the extensive vodka menu - well it is vodka bar afterall!
A vodka bar without the pretentions of George Street or the crowds of students in Revolution, well hello...  Hidden (where the secret comes from I guess) in a close and up a winding stair in the heart of Edinburgh, this place is one secret I would happily keep, though part of me thinks they need an old 80's style arcade machine in the corner...  The Secret Arcade is a quirky and reasonably priced "proper" vodka bar (they keep the speciality vodkas chilled and they are mostly polish/russian) outside of vodka though the other drinks selection is far more limited than the options provided by more commercial bars.  In short Secret Arcade is better suited to being a stopping point, than a bar you linger in, as it is all about the vodka - but it is definitely somewhere worth stopping if you like vodka.
I've heard about Secret Arcade for over a year. I even heard they had a free vodka shot with every Yelp Check-In on the App, and yet still I hadn't made it along.  Finally, on a recent Friday, I did. With a dead mobile as the battery had run out during the day in Glagsow. So I couldn't get that check-in or shot.  But what I did get was a whole night of fun in a quirky wee place. The fact that it's called 'Secret Arcade' and is hidden up an alleyway, then up some stairs, means you totally overlook the weird layout, the tacky seats, and the mish-mash put-together feel of the bar. In fact, you actually kind of like it for that.  Much like you like the hazelnut vodka you get to try. And the orange vodka. And the 4 vodka deals that my friends partook of.  This is the sort of place that works when you bring the right crowd. You've got to bring the banter, but if you do you're sure of a fun night. The staff all seemed to be polish too I think, and very friendly. We were an amalgamation of two big groups, spread out across the bar area and seated area and they had to keep squeezing past us, but didn't mind at all.  The food I saw go past looked amazing too. The haggis, neeps and tattie stack was HUGE! The photos on here do it no justice. As big as a grown man's face. The menu had some interesting picks on it too.  I can imagine that before the crowds get here it looks a bit tired and old and isn't the best place for a romantic first date. But it's a great place for some fun with a big crowd, and to try many, many different flavoured vodkas. (Skittles being another I tried, and that was quite crazy).
After a great visit  to certain chicken wing place, on a Saturday during the Fringe,  we needed a place to chill out - for about 7 people who where looking for a good time - The Secret Arcade was something we stumbled upon.   We entered on street level and saw there were some people eating and there was a chilled atmosphere. We noticed a free corner so we asked if there was space for us and were advised to go 'up the stairs'. (downstairs is for eating food I concluded?)  Once upstairs we found ourselves in an attic bar filled with modern chairs, round tables, coloured strings of lights and spots. They have some cosy corners.  It was busy but not packed. The humidity was quite an issue, however a few cleverly placed floor fans sorted that out nicely and in turn provided that all important 'breezy-wind-in-hair-effect-when-sweaty' to some girls' poses - very nice indeed!   The crowd is young, hip and friendly. The serving staff is smiley, friendly and very efficient. We originally went for some whisky (not realising this is a vodka bar)  But after that first dram we settled in the 'spirit' and ordered shots and shots.. I had also some tequila shots -  It. Makes. Me. Happy.  It is a place I will visit again and I think that the location should stay slightly secret so space will not become a premium.
Not really being a vodka drinker, I was all ready to sit in the corner with a solo White Russian and grump my way through pre-dancing drinks. Equally though, I'm a sucker for fancy-looking bottles and bar paraphernalia, so it didn't take a lot of arm twisting to get me fully into the spirit (fnar).  I started off with a quince vodka shot, which was very sweet and very tart, but delicious ice-cold. Drink it down though, because it doesn't work quite as well as it warms up. Hazelnut vodka was another big winner with the whole group; as a shot, over ice or as part of a cocktail it was really superb. I personally enjoyed it most straight-up though: boozy Nutella, mmmmm.  A Yelp check-in earns you a free shot of any of the house vodkas, which on the evening in question included skittles and fudge. Interesting.  Be warned though, double measures seem to be the default in SA's cocktails, so keep an eye on how much you're actually drinking, or your evening may be shorter than you'd hoped. Also, there's a massive TV in the bar area. Okay, it's only showing music videos, but it's hard to ignore a screen no matter how vapid the content is (and trust me, it was pretty vapid).  The bar itself is tucked away down a narrow alley off the High Street and feels very cool. I was wearing braces (in readiness for The Green Door later, I should say) and nobody batted an eyelid - it's that kind of place. That bar staff are also cool and very happy to talk vodka to the uninitiated, which I always take to be a good sign. I left with the feeling that I'd only just scratched the surface, and that perhaps there's more to vodka than I had supposed.
When this place opened, I took one look at the name - Brambles - and though 'quaint little tea shop'. Boy was i wrong, if you looked up the phrase 'never judge a book by its cover', there will be a picture of me mistaking Brambles for a quaint little tea shop.  It's a greasy spoon, specialising in all things friend and artery clogging. YUM!  Although it does things like baked potatoes and paninnis, these are very below average and frankly, if it wasnt for the fact they seemed the best thing on a particularly crappy menu, I wouldnt have given them a second glance.  Not a great place.
If the caf out of Eastenders were real, I'm pretty sure this is what it would be like. I've never seen somewhere that better sums up the definition of "good old greasy-spoon caf" as well as Brambles.  It's only just opened, and I assumed it would be yet another of these sandwich/wrap/panini type places that Edinburgh is crawling with, but I was very wrong. Although Brambles do offer things like baked potatoes and paninis, their specialty is anything fried served with chips and buttered bread. And I mean literally everything - from good old chicken nuggets, chips and beans to remind you of school dinner days, to friend haggis and chips and mushy peas.  They did have some slightly healthier options on the menu, like lasagne (served with chips, of course!) but it's not really the kind of place you go to eat healthy food. The lace curtains, neon sign in the window and plastic tables should be the most off-putting thing you've ever seen, but it works in that sort of way that it's so bad it's good. It's kitsch, a bit tacky and dated, despite only being open a few weeks, but it does exactly what it says on the tin and serves good honest junk food at really reasonable prices.
Brambles Cafe is a relatively new addition to the cafe scene in the Newington area of Edinburgh and it is my new place to go to for food when I am hungover.   The name 'Brambles' gives the impression that it is a quaint little tea room but it is anything but. They serve the usual lunch meals such as panini's, baguette's and baked potato's but these are all distinctly average. They also serve breakfasts which include a full English, but by far the best aspect of the Brambles menu is their fried foods section which appears to fry virtually everything - very Scottish!  I really adore their chips an fish, although they are extremely unhealthy.   They have a few tables and chairs inside but it is quite small so it can get very cramped when its busy during the lunch time rush so I tend to get my food to takeaway.
I too was taken in by Brambles because of its wholesome name and Edwardian inspired font. Its exterior is brightly coloured and it stands out because it looks very cute.  It's more a greasy spoon cafe than anything else, although it does serve up some panini's with various fillings. I would say that if you give up your first impression, the glorious acceptance that you are about to eat a lovely roll on sausage takes over. They're fry ups are good (like the others have said, if it's on the menu it's probably dipped in the ole' vegetable oil), and as it is very, very difficult to make a substandard fry, I was satisfied with my roll. They also do a mean cup of tea for cheap.  If you let go of the fact it looks like it's meant to be in Bruntsfield, it's a very respectable greasy spoon indeed. The staff are efficient, the space inside is nice and it would get the seal of approval from my maw, so that's alright with me!
Despite the retro appearance of the exterior, Brambles Caf is a greasy spoon at heart. They do paninis and baguettes but if you are looking for a good one go two doors down to Bonningtons, where they are much better. Brambles specialises in proper British hangover food, with all the accompanying grease. The fry ups are great, good sausages, bacon, haggis, black pudding and loads of eggs (scrambled / fried etc.). There has been many a time I have plonked myself down here in the early afternoon and recovered from the night before. the staff know this and are always considerate of those in a worse shape than them.   They don't only do fry ups, there are also rolls available, with the sausage one being a good substitute for breakfast when walking to lectures or work. They do pretty average cups of tea and coffee as well. The best thing though is the price; unlike Toast in Marchmont, Brambles has no pretensions to be better than it is and as a result it is amazingly cheap. Definitely a great place to go if you're hungover or fancy a bit of grease but if you want better quality food stay clear.
Hotel bars/bistros are well within the unknown band of watering holes and hangouts for students, at least they are to me anyway.   Discarding this preconception I found the garden terrace and top notch bar available at the Bisque great for an afternoons chill. The Bistro is apparently mighty fine too with the likes of confit duck and other modern dining fancies.  The garden terrace is worth the visit alone, not bad price wise either.
Whether you're after a drink, lunch, dinner, cakes, cocktails or teas and coffee you can find them all in Bisque. This is a recent discovery for me and it's definitely becoming one of my favourite watering holes in Edinburgh.   Bisque offers chilled out surroundings, comfy seats and an outdoor seating area too so excellent for those summer nights.   I haven't eaten here... yet, but I've had a shufti at fellow diners plates and the food looks top notch and it's very reasonably priced too.   Overall, an excellent bar/brasserie to while away an afternoon or evening.  Oh and it's worth noting that Bisque offers free Wifi. Hurrah!
It has been a couple of years since the last time I ate at Bisque (namely because the food was awful) and I'm under the impression that they have since had a bit of a re-vamp in the kitchen.  I would be tempted to give it another go, but there are just so many other good places to eat in the Bruntsfield area.  So, this review is really just about the drinks and ambiance.  Bisque is A-OK.  It's totally fine.  The staff are actually quite nice with a cheeky edge which is great, the drinks are completely fine if maybe a bit on the expensive side, and the ambiance... well it's reasonably beige but it's completely fine.  I hear that this used to be an old man's pub.  I really like old man's pubs.  Sure trendy places are good too, but I think ambiance tends to suffer when a place is neither quaint nor trendy... it just becomes... well as I said, beige.    Bisque is a completely acceptable place to go for a drink Friday after work, but it's not somewhere I would seek out for the fun of it.
We ate here as part of our stay at the Bruntsfield Hotel (you can read my review here: http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/best-western-plus-bruntsfield-hotel-edinburgh?hrid=vnqalsA-lH-AYzUO2P00dQ#src:self )  The food here was the absolute height of decadence; to start, I had the shellfish bisque whilst Kris had the chicken liver pate (a favourite starter of his). My bisque was rich and suitably fishy; it wasn't too salty either which is sometimes a danger with a shellfish soup. Perfect! Kris thoroughly loved his pate as well, stating it was one of the best he'd tried.  For mains, Kris opted for the Alba Chicken (haggis-stuffed chicken) in a whisky sauce with mustard mash and I chose a pheasant, duck and venison red wine casserole. Kris' chicken was absolutely divine, cooked to perfection and the mustard mash was a delicious touch. My casserole was utterly gorgeous but I will warn you all, it is incredibly rich and it almost killed me; I was so full afterwards I could barely make it back to our hotel room!   Sadly I can't remember what I had for pudding; I do remember that I could barely eat it because I was so full from my casserole (my own fault)! I thoroughly enjoyed the meal, despite my own over-indulgence and found the staff to be brilliantly helpful and polite. Whether you happen to be nearby or are staying at the hotel, definitely go to Bisque!
The place hasn't been open very long, but I think it's going to be around for a while if it carries on the way it's been going!  It's unashamedly Scottish but not in a tacky way: they promise "hearty scottish fare" and "premium drams", and yet rather than being a cheap tourist trap this place still retains an upmarket feel.  Which brings me to my one grumble: the price. With such a great location just at the west end of Princes Street, and offering service to such a high standard, inevitably the drinks aren't cheap. But it's definitely worth it; this has fast become one of my favourite drinking spots in the city centre.
If you read the Glasgow Yelp pages, you'll find a hell of a lot of venom directed at the G1 Group, a leisure company who in some parts of the city have an almost monopoly level control of bars and restaurants. While the abuse can sometimes go a bit overboard, it's understandable in a way as they've certainly sucked a fair amount of the heart and soul from a number of venues.  They don't have such baggage in Edinburgh however, and so when Ghillie Dhu opened up it didn't attract the grumblings that it's Western stablemates do. In fairness it's not that bad, a typical Scotch theme pub, less offensive than those on The Royal Mile but perfectly acceptable.  It scores an extra point for the name. Say it loudly, enthusiastically, and in a comedy Highland accent, and it never ceases to sound hilarious. I'm off to belt it out into the mirror a few dozen times right now.
We dropped in for dinner the night before we left Scotland after the British Open. The place is a bit off the beaten track, which I like. It didn't appear to be the Scottish version of the Hard Rock Cafe, for instance.  The interior is spacious and clean. The long bar, with the white backlighting, is pretty spectacular. I ordered a Black Velvet, but they did not know what that was (half Guinness / half cider). Ok, that is technically a Poor Man's Black Velvet, but does anyone really bother to add the first part? My request was met with a lot of staring (politely though, from a distance), gesturing, and at one point, the loud crash of a lot of glass-based items behind the bar, although I'm not certain that was directly related to having confused the staff. Speaking of the staff, our waiter was awesome. Hands down the best we had our whole trip, and there were a lot, since we ate out every meal. I can't remember his name now, but he was very tall, very knowledgeable about Scotch Whisky, and exceptionally patient with me. Thanks, friend! I had the mac & cheese, which was DELICIOUS. Really good. Almost "can-I-have-the-recipe" good. Guy had the rib eye, and he really enjoyed it as well.  There was a live musician that evening who played Scottish music and his own interpretations thereof. I wish I could remember his name, because I'd probably order one of his cds if I could. The prices seemed reasonable, but as we are foreigners, and using foreign currencies always seems a bit like playing with gaming chips, not *really* real, and further were fresh off a week in St. Andrews, where everything is ungodly expensive, who knows? We may have been fools! To sum up: Very good solid Scottish traditional food in a great location that is not overrun by tourists (like me!) with exceptional service and arguably reasonable prices. I'd recommend it to you, and I'd go back again myself.
I've been a little nervous about visiting Ghillie Dhu - looking like your typiclal touristy 'ye scottish pub' type place but I have to admit, I really liked it. A reasonable selection of whisky (nice but not stocking the ones *I* like, pah) with plenty plenty seating. There was live music in the shape of a guitarist who was playing that night - nicely blending into the background so we could still have a conversation. Prices wise - not cheap, especially for bottled beer, but for a city centre pub, this is almost par for the course (or should it be?). A pleasant place that also acts as a fringe venue during the festival as well as runs its own events, one to note in future.
I LOVE Ghillie Dhu. I've been here on a work night out and a first date and both were fun so it definately has versatility. The central location makes it easy to get to and I think it is appealingly Scottish without being Irn Bru bar tacky. The lower floor is always packed, it's got a brilliant atmosphere for after work drinks and seems to attract professionals rather than students or the 'Yah Yahs'. I like the big medieval banquet style tables - they make me want to request a goblet for my wine and don some sort of velvet wench-like dress. The live music on this floor is great aswell or you can head to the spacious upper floor and get a bit of ceidlidh action on the go (apologies if you were there on Friday and I stood on your toes). The staff are also really friendly and kindly got chairs for me and my date on Friday so we could sit at a quieter bit of the long tables on the upper floor.   I haven't had food here yet but will do soon, it will definately be a regular haunt for me.
Visited here for the first time last night and due to the timing and possibly the time of year the upper floor was shut so I can only comment on the main bar and the toilets. The bar itself is nicely made and well stocked but the room, other than a pleasing frosted window by the entrance, lacks atmosphere and looks on closer inspection quite cheap. It's a very large space and I can't imagine it being pleasant when rammed full and it was very empty on this occasion with only some of the Fantasy Palace employees occupying a table along with a few lucky punters. Having a working piano available to people under the influence when there is also piped music struck me as showing a lack of foresight too. Initially I was going to award the place 3 stars but having remembered the state of the toilets I've opted for two. One cubicle was in need of a replacement lightbulb and two of the buckets used as urinals (thankfully plumbed in and not relying on customers slopping out) were blocked and therefore rather deeply filled and consequently disgusting. I cannot imagine why it was though to be a good idea to have these installed  what's wrong with some Armitage Shanks porcelain? It will be some time before I venture back here, if at all. Having in fact been here again a couple of times since the above review was written I was thawing a bit towards it (they've got round the toilet issue somewhat by leaving the door to the gents open) but last night they were charging 5.05 for a bottle of Kopparberg in the upstairs bar (where you also pay for entry after 11) and that just takes the biscuit. If ever persuaded to return I'll be taking my own supplies.
Dominated by suits after work on a Thursday and Friday, it's provides exactly what you would expect...a great meeting up and staging venue for a good night out.   Decor downstairs is modern and allows plenty of people seated and standing. A nice big bar allows you to see what's on offer and even when crowded, you shouldn't find yourself waiting too long to be served.  I believe upstairs offers a reasonable ceilidh, but as I'm a guy (& sober most of the time) I'm unable to comment on how good it is...but I'm sure at some point one night I will have had enough Amber Nectar to convince myself that its a great idea to go upstairs and shake a leg!   Watch this space...
Oh how the mighty fall. After perusing online around Christmas to arrange to take the boy to one of the Ghillie Dhu gigs, I sent an enquiry to Ghillie Dhu as to availability. Online, I discovered that the privacy policy which states basically once they have your information, they'll take it and have a small party with it.  Now, I get emails from them. Having been in ye olde email marketing industry for years, I despise spam with a passion - it made legal mailers lives so much harder, and it's invasive. I think I would be preaching to the choir if I continued on that one.   Well, Ghillie Dhu spam. They send out unsolicited emails without any form of unsubscribe - contacting to have details removed are ignored and the spam continues - well, until I report them to ICO. I don't consort with people who force their marketing on me so Ghillie Dhu (and g1group.com), you are dead to me.
I first came here for a Fringe show in the spacious upstairs hall. It was the perfect venue for it (The Strange Undoing of Prudencia Hart, anyone?) and I thought the space was gorgeous - long dark wood tables, high ceilings, friendly bartenders - and apparently it's a ceilidh hall.   Naturally, we went back the following Friday to try it out. It was a good time, although they packed the dance floor far too tightly and I wish they'd have moved the tables back further so there was more room to dance. Unsurprisingly, there are a lot of ceilidh enthusiasts in Edinburgh and there were a lot of elbows swinging! Still, the emcee (?) gave great directions for ceilidh newbies like me, and it was great fun. After midnight, it turned into a regular club night, but being sweaty and tired we got out.  There's a nice, big and modern bar downstairs with lots of TV screens (they even pipe the games into the loos so you don't miss a thing) and a decent menu, so if you need to fortify yourself before ceilidh madness, Ghille Dhu's got you covered.
And with trepidation I stepped through the medieval doors that lead into the Ghillie Dhu. After all I had many reasons to fear the unknown: located at the west end of Princes Street, on the cusp of the dreaded Lothian Road, an area not uncommon to the odd bout of weekend violence; the Haye/Klitschko match had just that minute ended in defeat for the cocky Briton, again another excuse for the drunken, pumped-up chavs of the west end to exert some aggressive testosterone on some unwitting strangers; and of course, my company, a close circle of friends from out of town who, whenever they grace Edinburgh's nightlife scene, choose the cheesiest, most unusually bizarre venues for their escapades, their only criteria seemingly wherever will let them away with the most drunken banter without being asked to leave (see: Jam House, Walkabout and/or Mood!).  So going in, high hopes I did not have. We first started upstairs. The ceilidh hall or, as I call it, the Medieval Jam House, where after parting with the required 3 entry, we were greeted with the bustling populace and the cheesiest of cheesy live bands. Cheesier than a Kingsize Happy Meal. So cheesy they made Aqua look credible. You get the gist. I've been told on occasion there will are ceilidhs instead of the band, so sounds like I got there on a GOOD night...!  In fairness, the clientele did make the hall more bearable. A spacious bar area meant less heaving crowds and more social space. Tables a bit crammed together meant it was difficult to manoeuvre in between but the outskirts were fine. And I suppose the band would be tolerable if you were into that kinda thing... or were completely sozzled!  I, however, was not and so sought something more downstairs... and found it.  Perhaps one of the best social bars in Edinburgh. Definitely worth a look. The music was also live, but an acoustic set of rock and indie classics (gotta hand it to young male guitarists in the area... they have no idea what cheese is!) that wasn't overpowering, so there was no struggle to make yourself heard. The space was immense, enough tables and chairs not to let the floor become overcrowded and enough standing room even if all seats were taken, therefore no barging to and from the bar.  The atmosphere lively, an even ratio of male to female (probably the only bar I can think of in recent weeks where this was the case), a good standard of customer (ie. no chavs, ponces, et al) and attentive bar staff. Didn't notice much price difference between here and anywhere else around the town centre, and no idea if they serve food.  All in all a well-maintained, clean and chav-free bar with a busy, lively and albeit cheesy club atmosphere above. Hats off to the bouncers, I will no doubt step through your doors once more and next time that's where I'll leave my trepidation!
Ah with such mixed feelings do I write this review and award it the sitting-on-the-fence (which is never comfortable, have you tried it?) three stars.  I love the idea of the Ghillie Dhu, and in actual fact I also like a lot of things about it. First off, as Joe A has so eloquently put it, the medieval doors, building and massively impressive interior just lend it an air of regality and grandeur. That is, until you get bumped into by a slightly inebriated, stilleto-wearing lush spilling a bit of g&t on you.   It's that juxtaposition of amazing venue, gorgeous interior, and its main purpose being to house a large group of Edinburgh drinkers, movers and shakers resulting in a sticky, broken-glass covered hall. I mean, in honesty, if we're going with the medieval theme here the chaos and general debauchery is quite fitting if the books / shows / movies I've seen are anything to go by. But the romantic in me winces a little when I climb the large, spiraling, circular stair-case up to the Great Hall, complete with medieval long benches, pews, cavernous ceiling only to have to endure a few hours worth of nose-bleed enducing bad music.  Gosh I sound bitter. It's Monday morning, it's cold and wet. Bare with me. I came here on Saturday night with a group of yelpers post dinner-party and we were all in awesomly high spirits. We know how to bring the banter. Climbing up the stairs to the Great Hall with Joe A again exclaiming his love of all things medieval and quoting "Winter is coming, to Winterfell!" the music coming from the room sounded good. Live band, Jurgen D immediately started me off on an improv lindy-hop, the crowd were good, no hassle, no jostling, people enjoying the music.  Two songs in, around 1am, and it stopped. Then the DJ came on and played the worst mix of gash pop I've heard in a while. I actually like pop (as my iPhone playlist earlier that evening attested). Pop you can dance to, yes. But rather than slowing moving into the crap-pop DJs reserve for half an hour before close, to subconsciously move people along anyway and kill the night before it's dead, he launched straight into tunes that no one wanted to, or could, dance to. Looking around everyone had the same look of a bored attempt at fun on their faces. Apart from the g&t lushes.  So we wandered downstairs and had a drink at the bar. It's a nice big bar. There's loads of space to sit. In fact, I am perhaps being too harsh in my 3 star rating, as we had no hassle, the crowd were good, bouncers good, staff pleasant, not to expensive. I just didn't come out of here thinking "wow that was awesome!" I think I need to give it another go, get there earlier, and perhaps try their ceilidh too.  It's an awesome venue, gorgeous to look at, definitely a must-do for any visitor just to have a drink in somewhere that's a bit different to the usual. But for a planned Fri or Sat night out I was a little underwhelmed.
Really disappointed with here.  Heard mixed stories about this place and to be quite honest they were all true.  Its a lovely place, thats where it ends really. Live band were average, with a fairly poor sound system. DJ was as bad, with many people just standing about chatting. Didn't really get the place.  Won't be back.
This place was awesome, our first dinner in Edinburgh.  The server was amazingly helpful and nice.  The food was better than we've had on most of our Europe trip.. Better risotto than in Italy!  The beans and toast was amazing and the best fish and chips to date.  The band was "cute" playing American music with their Scottish accents, it was an experience.  The ambience was good even though it was a little crowded.  There was a private party taking up a lot of space so I can't imagine it would be as bad any other night.  This was a Friday by the way :)
After a morning of exertion and no breakfast it was time for lunch.   The Ghillie Ale, whilst not strictly necessary, washed away the morning's strains and stresses quite sufficiently, not to mention tastily. And, no, it is not available to buy elsewhere, or indeed as a carry out. Shame, it's very quaffable.   The burger was served in a timely fashion, by a fusion waitress. The staff seem to all be of the kilted, thus traditional, and pierced / tattooed, thus conforming to the non-conformist zeitgeist. Very tribal.  The burger was served on a wooden board with the chips in a wee faux deep fat frier basket. There was yet another receptacle on the board reserved for coleslaw. How very trendy.   The booth we were sat in featured a hatch to the bar with a little, retro lightswitch which is wired to a light at the bar. Handily, our voices worked, as this light was largely ignored.   The burgers were great, well, my one was, and, I assume that my companions were genuine in their appreciation of the food. They're an honest bunch whom I have no reason to disbelieve.   The burgers were not cheap mind, almost a tenner and that was before the addition of bacon and jalapeos, at a further cost of 2.50. Still, with all those boards, baskets, ramekinesque coleslaw vessels to buy, fill and wash in order to serve a burger... well, it just couldn't be cheap, could it?  You may think there's an air of sarcasm in this review, you're wrong. It's merely an unnecessary overhead in honour of the over complicated presentation of a lunchtime burger and chips. The comments about piercing and tattoos is more a commentary on the cult like necessity to express one's individuality by subscribing wholesale to cultural conventions of indigenous peoples from other shores with no relevance whatsoever to one's own bland middle of the road background whatsoever.   The food was great, the staff were polite and attentive, except when summoned by lightswitch. Nice place for food and drink, just don't analyse contemporary 'culture' too much and you should enjoy it.
Question time:  -Are you a visitor to this fine city and thought you'd check the Yelp pages for something fun and possibly 'traditional' to do?  -Are you a local looking to be twirled around pleasantly on a night of light drinking and ceilidh?    -Do you prefer to end a night with a smile instead of wanting to head-butt your own face?  If you answered yes to any of these simple questions, Ghillie Dhu is not for you.  I was lured in with a group for dinner and ceilidh dancing and had been warned previously by my local friends this place was rubbish. Advice not heeded!   The space itself is KINDA impressive, though I thought the fluro-pink lighting cheapened everything and gave a very 'George-st' vibe. Lame. The food: completely meh. 2 stars. Out of a possible 6. The food was approximately 33% good. The service wasn't absolutely nasty but one of the waiters did drop a dirty fork on my slacks when she cleared the table. Orders were taken wrong. Shit was a bit unorganised. At least it was all done with a smile. Also, drinks are expensive mon frere.  The ceilidh was UNBELIEVABLY HORRIBLE. Shoulder to shoulder, stilettos driving into the ground on all sides, large drunken men crashing through groups of small tourists, and the most overwhelming stench of cheap cologne and fart I've EVER encountered. I felt sick, bruised and angry after about 5 minutes on that disgusting DF.  Ghillie Dhu is not worth the money or effort. It does look ok, but underneath that imposing medieval smile is a lusty, money-grubbing whore of a sleaze-pit, thirsting for your tourist/curiosity pounds without putting out the expected amount of enjoyment. Definitely a one-star place.  *BONUS STORY!!!!!!!!*  The VERY next night after this depressing experience, I was out with some girls for a birthday. The BD girl wanted to go dancing and told us we were heading to (you guessed it) Ghillie Dhu.   Thank my lucky stars, praise flying-spaghetti-monster, oh, brave new world etc etc.  Now, this group was 7 girls and 2 guys (me and a comrade), we'd had maybe two (2) drinks at the traverse theatre bar and we were dressed smart casual. The bouncer let all the girls in (including my fiancee), then before I could even open my mouth, make an impression, do ANYTHING, I was told my pal and I were too drunk and to piss off. So we all left.  And THAT is why I give this place 2 stars. Because I didn't have to go a second time.
The Ghillie Dhu is a proper pub which just happens to have a 3am license (though they don't always stay open until 3) and sometimes that is exactly what you want. The bar staff will normally be able to hear you as the music (live or otherwise) isn't overly loud and this means you can actually take advantage of the extensive range of beverages available.  Thats all really, if you reach 12-1 in the morning but want to stay out in a "normal" pub environment give the Ghillie Dhu a try.
For a number of months, every time i left the office (Rutland Square) to go for lunch, i was thrust a flyer for discounted food at the Ghillie Dhu. I'm not going to lie, i was sceptical about how this would be... the result was that i was pleasantly surprised.  One day a couple of weeks ago, a group of us in the office decided yto go out for lunch, so due to my previous experience of the GD promotion, i suggested here.   I ordered a chicken and leek pie and it was delicious. Served in the dish it was cooked in, on a wooden board, with chips served in a little mock deep fat fryer cage/net/basket, and a tiny little dish of peas. It was all very tasty, but i didn't eat all the peas as my fork wouldn't fit in the dish, so what was i going to do, pour them out on the wooden board so they fall off onto the table? A minor detail but silly none the less.   All in all, i was very pleasantly surprised. If anything it may have been a bit over priced for what it was, but i would go back again. They also often post offers on Facebook which seem pretty reasonable!
I would like to give a detailed review of this place but all I can review are the front steps, there's five of them and I got as far as the third leading up to the door and then there was the doorman at the top As we approached, the doorman told my friend she couldn't enter because she had a bottle of mineral water in her hands, so my friend offered to put it in her bag. He still refused entry and didn't really give a reason. So, we decided to leave the water outside. Perhaps they have strict security measures like airports do and dont allow anything above 200ml. It was at this stage my girlfriend told him that she had a bottle of vodka in her bag (750 ml) and that we were just stopping by for one before going home. The game was up at this stage. Front steps rating: 3/5  Doorman rating: 0/10
The Ghillie Dhu meets all sorts of requirements for me.......Saturday night out, Wednesday night meal with Mum.....Sunday fry up.......all under one roof.  They have done so well since opening to cover a whole range of clientel in the guise of a Scottish bar, a weirdly novel idea!  The fry ups are gooood, the fish and chips are goood and the Saturday night band is gooood! All in all I am a huge fan of the GD.   Also worth mention is there Sunday night live music, they have some great regular acts that come in.
The first few times I came to the Ghillie Dhu, it was late on a Friday or Saturday night. If I'm honest, I'm not a fan of most big clubs on a late Friday or Saturday night.  But I've since been back for lunch, early evening drinks and one gig. And yup, I'm a fan! Especially of the lunch. Oh baby, that gammon steak with fried egg and chips. I put it ALL IN MY FACE. The gammon steak was really thick, the eggs perfectly fried and the chips were just yum. It's proper good traditional Scottish grub and they do it well.  The Ghillie Dhu is traditionally Scottish themed, but does so without being twee. There's less tartan carpets circa 1980s and more gothic style stone carvings, high celings, and it feels just like I imagine a big tavern from Lord of the Rings or Winterfell might.  Yes, that's right. I've just admitted my knowledge and enjoyment of Lord of the Rings, and absolute LOVE of Game of Thrones. In fact, I'm pretty sure it was Joe A who walked into the upstairs of Ghillie Dhu (or the 'Great Hall' as I think of it) and dramatically declared 'Welcome to Winterfell!' It has that old-worldly, romantic charm and like I said, it carries it off well.  I might not be back on a late Saturday night, and it's not really the GD's fault but the crowd just aren't my crowd. That's just how it goes. But the building itself is beautiful, the food is perfect especially for winter, the staff are friendly, it's really big and has a late licence so perfect for mid-week late night pints. I like it!
Ok so my only experience here was for a Christmas night out with work, so not exactly your standard Ghillie Dhu night out.  First impressions - the upstairs is very impressive.. until you realise there are no toilets upstairs and you need to go out into the baltic and drunkenly dangerous stairway to go into the hot, smelly, cramped downstairs bar to find a toilet.  Boo.  Despite the number of Christmas parties being hosted upstairs, the bar was surprisingly wide open, though it amazingly still took ages to get served (a Staropramen costing over 4)... and of course then we discovered that drinks downstairs are cheaper.    Skint by the end of the meal, I left just as the ceilidh was starting.  To be exact, we were punted off our table before we finished our desserts so they could setup the ceilidh, so I left then.    All in all, not an experience I will be jumping to replicate any time soon.
This place is just so gosh-darn expensive. I like the way it looks, but at the end of a night, my pocket is always empty!   Also, the DJs on weekends are pretty sucky for 4 pound entry..   However, if you do pop in for a coffee during the day, they do have free wifi which is a positive!  fin.
Loads of space during a schoolday or evening. At all other times it is packed. Apart from the free wifi this place doesn't work for me. It is not the cheapest place. I think it is mostly suitable for large groups. (with a massive kitty between them ). Somehow this place is very loud! Can't find anything really wrong nor good so 3 stars from me.
I've only been here once, so I don't know if this is a common problem or they were having a particularly off night, but the service was ridiculously, unacceptably slow. It was not a big crowd; several of the tables around us were empty, even. Drinks took so long that we began to doubt whether we had ordered them at all. Drinks ordered at the same time sometimes arrived 10 minutes apart (and these were not complicated, umbrellaed drinks - just beers and ciders and sodas).  The cheese plate I ordered was fine. I'm guessing it consisted of young, fresh cheeses when my order went in, but by the time it arrived at the table they were all nicely aged. The person sitting next to me (who shall remain nameless) ordered the fishiest fish pie that I ever did smell.   The waiter, when we did see him, was friendly enough. Plus I think he was the first kilted waiter we've had in Edinburgh, which seems like some sort of important cultural milestone, right? Or maybe not.  I feel like Ghillie Dhu has the potential to be much better than 2 stars, but not for the experience we had last night.
This place is almost hidden from the out side but is actually really big inside.   The bar area is very rustic and has lots of space for large groups to chill out. Food looks alright with lots of pub staples like Steak Pie, Fish and Chips and Sausage and Mash. They also have a large veggie selection too. Now everyone knows I am a pretty big pie fan and I have tried a few in my time but I have to say their steak Pie was to die for seriously you should try it now. My friends veggie pastry thing was a bit disappointing though so I am going to go for 3 stars based on that and a slightly offputting toilet smell on the day.   They also have after work deals with prosecco for 15 which was rather a nice treat indeed!  Up a windy candlelit staircase they have a lovely events space for weddings and gigs. It has a really high vaulted ceiling with purple lighting, lots of sparkly mirrors and an old church organ which makes it look really amazing when it is done up for an evening. There are long benches to sit on and they hold regular ceilidhs too.  Good for a drink and a dance and I would recommend it for a fun night out learning your strip the willow!
We were anxious to only eat authentic British/Scotish foods while visiting Edinburgh. At one time, fish and chips were as popular as hamburgers in the USA .So I figured with limited time/meals at our disposal, go for the best.  I asked a Scotish tour guide for her recommendation and she said "Ghillie Dhu." After eating here, I suspect a payoff was involved...
I suppose it entirely depends on what you want. As an event location, the upstairs makes a fantastic conference room. It's a stunningly beautiful building, both inside and out. The problem is at night when it turns in to just another bar and upstairs becomes a dance floor. The type of people who show up are obnoxious and I couldn't wait to leave. Loud music and seems to be couger town!  So I'm giving it 3 stars for what it normally is but I will add that as a conference location, it's hard to not give it 5 stars!
I went to the Ghillie Dhu last night for a friend's birthday, assuming it was just a pub. Not just a pub...I absolutely loved it!   Situated on Rutland street, Ghillie Dhu is really central and easy to get to. Inside is all wooden, and it looks very clean. That seems like a weird word, but it looks new and well kept. I headed straight up the windy, candle lit stair case to a stunning ballroom. You're in the roof - huge coved ceilings with purple spotlights and tiered candle lights. Long benches and tables line the room and the dance floor and band are at the end. The band are a ceilidh band.  I found drinks to be a little steep but you do find that in nice places in Edinburgh. I had a great knees-up at Ghillie Dhu and recommend it for a night out!   Oh, and the toilets are LOVELY.
Food was good, service was a bit slow but that may have been the tour's idea and not the restaurant.  Bathroom only had one functioning sink out of six which if you follow baseball, is a crap batting average.  Bar had decent prices and the dancing was quite entertaining. That being said, I don't think I would have gone here unless it had been included in the tour itinerary.
I wish I was writing a positive review for this place, as our fantastic LOCAL tour guide said it was a nice, local pub.  However, my husband and I were completely snubbed.  There were lots of empty tables and yet we sat and sat.  I finally went to the bar and asked the bartender (there were 3 staff hanging out there) if the kitchen was open and if we needed to order at the bar?  He said, "no, I'll get someone to be right with you".  Ten minutes later...we were still waiting when a decent enough looking couple sat at the table next to us and were immediately waited upon.  Huh?  OK, so I wasn't decked out as I had just returned from a 12 hour tour (dropping plenty of cash in this city and beyond), but I was clean and presentable, as was my husband, whose conference had just completed for the day.  We were flat out snubbed.  We'll be sure to let our fellow conference goers know it's not the place to leave our money.  I'm also going to catch our tour guide and let him know he shouldn't be recommending this place (I'll do that in a nice way, as I think he'll feel awful).  With 5 days left in this city, we were hoping to find a place that could be a meeting spot for our group.  Oh, and I'm a fabulous tipper, too.    Way to judge poorly, Ghillie Dhu.  UPDATE: I contacted the manager via website after our visit, simply to let them know of the poor service.  In their defense, he invited my husband and I back for a complimentary meal.  However, we opted to visit some other places with the time we had left.  I don't think I could have written an impartial review after our first visit.  I do, however, appreciate that they extended the offer and wanted to to try make it right.
Another good Scottish pub that is hidden out of the way but if you know where to look WOW its massive! Been here a few times to see how it always turns out and so far so good. The bar is your basic bar, with all the normal drinks and beers . Prices are reasonable I think. What gets me about this place is the vastness and style and architecture of the place. First off I thought I was walking into King Arthurs castle or something. Theres a downstairs , mid-floor where the bar is , and another dance hall upstairs with another bar and tons of space! Seriously this has to be the biggest pub ever! The space is great it leaves room for air flow so your not dying from heat exhaustion or feel like your working in the mines . I didnt get to try any of the food yet so I can comment on that, but the service is good. I have never had a rude or grumpy employee yet so thats good. The crowd that comes in is a good mix. Middle aged and younger all come here. I think its nice to have a good mix of the generations sometimes, its refreshing. Next time I go I will try the food and update this review but as it stands this is a decent pub and I will be coming back
hmm i think Ghillie Dhu is a bit of a mixed bag for me.  I've been here a handful of times and while each time it's been fine, i don't find that it stands out much compared to the other bars in this area.  on a friday night, i arrived after midnight with the girls looking for a wee boogie and some more drinks.  the bar downstairs was rather sparse, which surprised me because it was friday night!  we managed to easily grab a big round table to sit down at and order a round of drinks.  there was some live music, but this ended shortly after we arrived.  after a round of drinks a few of us headed upstairs to go for a dance.  while the actual space upstairs is seriously nice (very gothic and such) i felt like the whole disco was almost like a high school dance.  there was a good number of people, but loads of young boys (sorry maybe i'm getting old!!) which made me feel a bit out of place.  think there was loads of students as well, which just so is not my scene anymore!  my friends and i enjoyed a bit of a dance, but after finishing another round of drinks we decided it would be best to call it a night.  so A-OK is probably the best way i'd sum of Ghillie Dhu.  the drinks are reasonably priced and it's nice to be able to find a seat on a friday night, but i don't think this place is anything special really.  i'd probably look for some place next time i'm out.
I have been here for some events and just for drinks. Nice venue for events upstairs, good bar area on ground floor. Quirky toilets in the basement. They have the usual drinks and decent bar food. They have  some nice booths you can sit in and some of these (the ones behind the bar) allow you to get drinks directly from the bar. Can get busy so make sure to book a table if going for food.
Solid 3 stars for the moment. I was here during the day for an event which was paid upfront so there was no buying drinks at the bar (there were plenty of free ones). Staff I did speak to for clean glasses, etc were friendly and helpful. Toilets - clean and perfectly ok, though appeared to be at least two flights down so any drunker/in heels, this might be more than just a little bit of an issue.  So, all in all, ok and will review again next time I'm there...
This rating is overall, based on all the times I've been to Ghillie Dhu. Because based on today, it would only be one or two. The quality of the food itself is great and the drinks are tasty and reasonably-priced, but it's the service that varies a lot. Today I went in to have a drink and a snack with a friend before catching my train. We each has a glass of wine and two sides just to munch while we drank and chatted. The mac and cheese side was delicious albeit smaller than expected, but we didn't quite get the other side that we ordered.  We asked for chips with garlic mayo, the server took our order, and eventually came back with chips and a coleslaw. I asked where the garlic mayo was and was told 'Oh I'm sorry, we are out of mayo today'. Excuse me? Then tell me that when I order because I hate coleslaw. We might have ordered something else had we known.   Then later on we asked for the bill right as another server cleared the plates because it was starting to cut close to my train time...12 minutes passed and no bill. I had to go up to the bar to ask for it. It wasn't a super busy time, I was there late Sunday afternoon. Maybe it was just a bad day.   This is not to deter you from going to Ghillie Dhu. The place inside is gorgeous, especially the upstairs hall. And it's always fun for a dinner or after work drink. Just don't expect consistency with the service.
I had a voucher for 2 brunches for 7 instead of 14.  We called ahead and booked a table and got the cutest wee booth with a little hatch to the bar which we got drinks passed through.   I really like the feel of the place.  I have been to events upstairs but this was my first experience of the public bar.  We have friends in the USA who are planning a trip to Scotland and this is definitely somewhere we will be bringing them.  It is full of charm and decent food and surroundings.   I had the veggie breakfast which had veggie haggis, beans, potato scone, mushrooms, scrambled eggs, fried bread and toast. My husband had a regular Scottish breakfast which had haggis and bacon too.    The latte was very smooth and had a little design in the foam on top.   I really liked it here and I will certainly be back.    Make sure your not in a rush as not the quickest but very tasty.
Stopped in for a quick lunch with family-- their first meal in Edinburgh! Was delighted by the ambiance, drink selection, and friendly waitstaff, but, unfortunately, our food orders didn't stand up to such quality. I ordered the goat cheese salad which, in theory, was delicious, but lacked substance - barely any leaves to the salad! Others ordered fish & chips (too greasy), mushroom and bacon pasta was bland and lacked originality (simply tasted of cream... needed a little something extra like garlic or parmesan). Giving Ghillie Dhu 3 stars though because of the steak and ghillie pie that was cooked tenderly and deliciously.
Here on vacation.  Not real friendly...I guess we where the tourists.  Beers too expensive compared to the pubs.  Food too salty. Not a great experience.  They out a reserved sign on the table at 6:30 to reserve the table for 7:30. Did not tell us we had to move.  1/2 the table showed at 7:44. Not really sure what that was about.  Will not visit next round.
Neither myself or my 2 Irish flatmates had any plans for St Patrick's Day, so the day before, we decided it would be nice to do something.  The Ghillie Dhu was advertising Irish stew, Guinness, Irish dancing and music - all for 15, so I rang up and booked in for it. However, we got none of what was advertised!  When we got there, they sat us in a nice cosy booth, but that seemed odd since we were expecting to be able to see some entertainment.  When they brought us a 3 course menu, we said that we were there for the St Patrick's Day Irish Stew, Guinness etc.  We were told there was a muck up with the marketing.  Apparently they were going to have it in the upstairs function room, but it got canned as not enough people booked.  Would have been nice of them to update their website, especially when I only phoned to book in the night before!  However we instead ordered 2 courses for 8.95.  We all ordered the Salmon.  I enjoyed the veges and the sauce, and the salmon itself was just OK; could have done with a splash of lemon juice or something.  For dessert, my flatmates just ordered ice-cream, but I ordered the vanilla and chocolate cheesecake with berry compote.  When it arrived, it was 2 big triangles, so a substantial helping.  However the chocolate part of the cheesecake was obviously white chocolate, which I would not have ordered if it had said that on the menu as you would expect!  I could not taste either vanilla or white chocolate anyway, so it was very bland.  At least the biscuit base and berry compote was nice.  The service was laid back, but satisfactory  Enjoyed several glasses of red wine and some good chat with flatmates, But overall, very disappointed with the situation and my dessert.  I would not go back for dinner.
One of the things I've liked most about Edinburgh so far is how nice all the people are. With all the tourists (me included) wandering around bring stupid, you'd really think they had an excuse to be mean. But no, and the staff at Ghillie Dhu are no exception. We had a fixed menu for our large tour group - choices of soup, chicken liver, or haggis for an app; plaice, chicken, or a veggie Wellington for entree; and several types of dessert. The tomato and lentil soup was perfectly ok, although not terribly distinctive. We sampled my uncle's brave haggis choice, which was surprisingly tasty, especially the whiskey gravy - mmmm. The entrees were alright - the plaice surrounded a smoked salmon interior and had a cream sauce, but it lacked oomph and spices. The mashed potatoes were pretty delicious, though. We had a Drambuie soaked sponge cake and a clotted cream thing with raspberries for dessert. The sponge was served in a fun little chocolate shell, and the raspberries were very fresh. However, I don't know how anybody could seriously eat what amounted to a whole cupful of clotted cream. Even me, and I love that stuff. Anyhow, the food was a little slow in coming out, but the servers were very nice and accommodating.
'Po-ta-toes...boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew' quoth the wise Hobbit Samwise Gamgee, but he forgot probably the best potato of all, the baked. It is a monster spud; when cooked to perfection with crisp skin and stuffed with an amalgam of different fillings, it is a God among veg. The Tattie Shop has perfected the art of baked potatoes; they are without doubt the best in Edinburgh.  Tucked into a side street just in Bruntsfield, The Tattie Shop is easily missed but do this at your peril. They have a huge amount of fillings, with the haggis being excellent, as well as the chilli con carne. You can create a tattie with as many fillings in as you like, just don't overdo it or you'll struggle to eat it all, they are remarkably filling. With prices being very reasonable and the owner a good laugh, it is one potato purveyor not to be missed
Just like Alex, I've harboured a love of potatoes ever since they were used to unintentionally comic effect during the nine hours of relentless boredom and homo-erotica that was the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Our soil-dwelling friends are regular lunchtime choice for me, and Edinburgh seems to have it's fair share of Baked Potato takeaways and cafes to pick from.  The Tattie shop's location a bit out of the way sadly means I rarely get to visit, but I wish I had more opportunities. While I'll stick my neck out and suggests that the taters themselves aren't quite as good as Tempting Tattie in town, the fillings are some way ahead, especially the chilli con carne, a topping oddly absent from the menu at their city centre rival.  They don't have the irritating tree-hugger thing going on either, which plagues Cockburn Street's potato outlet. All round it's pretty excellent, and another jewel in the crown of the quite splendid Bruntsfield locality.
I've walked by the sign for the Tattie Shop again and again, and every time I am tempted to try it.  On a particularly blustery day I thought it would be the perfect time.  I scanned the menu looking for something which sounded nice or otherwise interesting, but it was all pretty standard fare.  I opted for chili and added cheese.  The helpings were generous but the filling was not as flavoursome as I expect from chili and cheese, and at 4.10, the tattie hurt my purse strings far more than it should have.   The helpings were generous, but it was far too much food for me and I would have been much happer to have smaller portions to go along with a cheaper tattie.    All in all, the meal was fine but I don't expect to be returning.  It just wasn't tasty or cheap enough to warrant a trip out for lunch.
I've been a fan of The Tattie Shop for a few years now and have seen it go through 2 different owners, a face lift and a menu shake up, which does suggest to me that I eat far too many complex carbohydrates than is normal for the average human being.  This is a lovely little shop down the lane that is parallel to the Bruntsfield Public Toilets (it smells a HELL of a lot better, don't worry) that serves up decent grub at a just above average price.  After being taken over fairly recently (maybe the last year or so), the tatties have shrunk in size which is actually a good thing, the last owners tatties sometimes being too much for me. The menu selection is a pretty standard affair as well with the option to customise your tattie the way you want it. My personal favourite being the chilli and cheese with the cheese on first.  The price does go a bit further than it should and I would maybe put that down to the cost of rates in the area, but for when it's freezing outside and you need somewhere to sit down and get something warm in your belly, the price is justified. Just don't make a habit of it, with a chilli and cheese tattie & can of juice coming to around the 5 mark.  Another tip I would give would be not to go here during school lunch hours, it's an absolute nightmare and I actually ended up wedged in to the back corner of the shop for about 10 minutes until the horde dispersed.
Great pub food, and a dark yet homey atmosphere. Very British feeling! Live music on Friday and Saturday night make for fun times.
Don't tell too many people about this place - I want there to be room for me at the bar when I drop in for a pint. The Willi's not old and creaky enough to be an authentic english pub - but it's one of the few places in K-dub to carry a decent selection of drafts and it's quickly becoming our favourite local. We aren't too upset about the apparently biased hiring policy - almost exclusively female, but every server I've met is friendly, efficient, and professional. The GM is watchful, but sets the friendly atmoshphere, and will remember your "usual" after just a few visits. Try the curry - it comes from Vijays, one of the best Indian restaurants in town! Just save me a space at the bar...
I am a fan of the food but not the service.  It is very slow even for a bowl of soup.  There was only 3 couples in the restaurant and it took 35 minutes to get our food.    It appeared that our waitress had her children there with her who were running around.  She even ventured outside of the restaurant while we were waiting to order.  Put all that waiting to aside, the food is a very flavorful.
I quite like this pub! One of the only places with Mill Street Organic beer on tap! Though it's around $21 for a pitcher (compared to $11 in Toronto) it's still a great beer. They have a great beer selection on tap. They have live music on the weekends and events, and deals all through out the week. I enjoy the battered mushrooms, they're my favourite menu item, here. They have your normal pub fare but also a nice dinner selection too. They have vegetarian options, they were also able to replace the chicken in the quisadilla with a good amount of veggies. Always fast service. I enjoy sitting at a bar, alone and having a nice read. I felt the bartender catered more to the men at the bar, and I got some looks from the waitress' and bartenders. Alas, that won't stop me from coming here. By far the best pub, and possibly only in the area!
I have now been here twice and had 2 very different experiences. The first was amazing, all the food on the table was great, service was great, everyone left happy. Last time however it felt as though the deep fryer oil had not been changed since this location opened. Everything we had that came from the deep fryer tasted terrible and it was very disappointing. The Service was still great though I have to say. I do like the atmosphere so I will definitely be coming back to give it one more try and I will update my review then.
I went here once and I don't think I would ever be back they sat us in the back and forgot about us we sat there for 35 minutes and never even got asked would we like a drink( They were not even busy) dont think i will be back
A description of a dish  the Tower of London: It begins with a battered and deep fried bun, then a battered and deep fried pickle, followed by a spicy battered and deep fried cheese stick. It then kicks into overdrive with two pieces of battered and deep fried bacon, which I believe there were two pieces inside each battered bacon delight. Finally you hit the battered and deep fried all beef patty, by this point you're ready to keel over. Of course there's another battered and deep fried bun on the bottom, but by the time you reach that you will have collapsed on the floor. And don't forget you still have your side of fries or sweet potato fries. Coupled with beer this dish is a masterpiece.  Once you get the t-shirt you can use it to roll up into a pillow and take a short nap.
I thought I would go back to see if anything had changed. It was far worse.   Service was atrocious  A couple came in after us and the server went to them first and quickly brought their meal out.  Then she came back to us and said "You already ordered, right?"  They were not busy at all.    The food was very bland.  Roast beef didn't taste fresh.  My son got Curry Chicken.  We had bruschetta which was likely the worst I have ever had.    Very disappointing, we will not be going back there.
I have been here several times because the location is close to home. The food is usually hit and miss. Service is NEVER good. Also...how can you have an English pub and not have English beer.
I like this place.  It's not trying to be anything it's not.  The food is pretty good in my experience.  The beef dip is served warm, on a soft bun with thinly shaved, house made roast beef.  The jus needed salt, but overall, very tasty.  Wing nights are Wednesdays, and they have a variety of the usual flavours, and some which are a little different (Sriracha hot anyone?).  Wings are large, lightly breaded, and crisp.  The burger is made in house, and cooked well.  No option to have it cooked to pink here, but even so, it remains juicy and flavorful.  The variety of toppings are good, and when paired with Duke chips and a cold beer, it's totally satisfying.  Have the Duke chips!  Totally addictive.    The selection of beer is excellent.   I think the service is what keeps me coming back.  I sit at the bar just about anywhere I have the option.  I'm often dining alone, and it's a good measure of an establishment... you get to see some goings on.  My first visit, as I pulled up a stool, the bartender introduced herself, asked for my name, and added it to their POS system immediately.  Well done.  The owner is often seen wandering around, chatting with regulars and newbies alike.  The atmosphere is what you would expect from a pub.  There's a large room for bigger parties towards the back, televisions showing whatever sport happens to be big at the moment (often soccer).
Great for a local pub!
So so food. Had to send back a sandwich twice. But they were very nice about it. I agree with who ever posted the comment a few weeks ago about them putting up stickers blighting the neighborhood on street signs and light poles.
I'm a fan, mostly because the lack of other options near by. Very comfortable place to watch the proper football, food is good but a bit on the pricey side for what you get.  I've yet to eat anything I haven't enjoyed and the staff has always been friendly.  I come in purely to watch the games and always have had a good time, the TVs are nice and they show all the games throughout.
Decided to check out Shakespeare's to shake things up for our weekly Pub Quiz night out.   The food was so-so. We tried one of each of the happy hour options - fish taco, slider and chips. Nothing outstanding, but solid efforts. The slider is tiny for the $2 price tag. Tasty, but small. The chips and fish taco were a much more substantial size. They also had some beer specials that were pretty cheap. The other menu items looked pretty good, albeit slightly expensive for pub food.   As for the Pub Quiz, we usually go to McMullan's every week, and before that Fado. This place pales in comparison to both. The quizmaster reads the questions out clearly, but the time between questions is insanely long. It took so long and our patience started wearing thin about halfway through.   All in all, the place was just all right, but we'll be back because we have to spend our $25 gift card we won for placing third. Haha.
Cool and dim inside.... The Creamy Vegetable soup- Hellah Good!!!! I would go there just for this soup, I wish the bowl was bigger.... For $5.00 it should be bigger!!! The BF had Fish and Chips and it was pretty good, the big problem though was that the breading on the fish kept falling off- Dip one fish stick in the tarter sauce and all your crunchy breading is still in the sauce- That sucked... I had the Pesto Chicken Sandwich- Pretty good too, I loved that they had potato wedges for fries- YAY!!! I wish there were more food selections in the menu though... We do plan on going back and actually trying their English Selections.   FYI if your name is Ursula like mine - the bartender's name is Ursula also so you will be hearing your name all through your meal- whether it's her introducing herself to customers or people calling her- It never failed everytime I heard "URSULA" I looked up even though I knew it wasn't me-Maybe one night all of us URSULA'S should go there and really cause some confusing sh** huh?
I've been here once so far, but I am excited to try it again. Seems like a great strip mall find.  My friend arrived first, and after eating their wings and burger, called me with the insistent demand that I must come check this place out. He assured me that the wings were fantastic, especially for 6 wings being less than $6. However, as I didn't even see, let alone taste, the wings or burger, I can't really comment. But suffice it to say that my friend swears they were delicious.  After checking-in on Foursquare and getting a "special offer" for 20% off an appetizer, I decided to order their mac 'n' cheese. It arrived in what is typically a french onion soup bowl. All crispy cheese goodness on top and ooey, gooey, swimming in tons of cheese on the inside. I have no clue what cheeses were used (and the menu offers no description), but it was excellent. At first glance, it seemed like a small serving, but after digging in, it became clear that there was no way I was going to finish it - very filling. Based on the mac 'n' cheese (and my friend's insistence on the excellent wings), I will definitely be back to try out some other menu items.  And they have a better than average selection of beer. Bartenders were nice, if a little inattentive. Good space and set-up. All in all, it is winning so far over the other bars in my immediate area. Here's hoping the return visit holds up.
Great pub right down the road. They have a clean friendly enviroment with great food and service. Great place to watch any soccer match or other sporting events.
I went here for St Patricks day after going to their website to see what they had going on.   Their site showed that they had a St Patty's day celebration with live music. It also showed they had happy hour DAILY and buy one dinner get one 50% off. We thought it would be a good place to have a beer or two and eat an early dinner.  When we arrived we found out that there was a $10 cover, no happy hour and no dinner discounts.  I would call that false advertisement.  We decided to stay since we had people meeting us but the place sucked. Even if we didn't have to pay the cover and got the discount I wouldn't go back. I'm from England so may have pretty lofty expectations as far as the food in concerned but it wasn't even close to authentic and the beers were coming out 75% full.  Unacceptable!
One of my goals when I moved  to Las Vegas, close to 2 years ago now, was to find new places to venture to. To find great local places to call home and frequent  when I just didn't want to sit inside the house all night.  And when I find one I absolutely adore I just want to help out and promote the hell out of the establishment.  Shakespeare's Pub & Grill is one I feel deserves that type of promotion!  The first time I walked in the pub I thought I was definitely going to like it here.  First, It is a LOT bigger then it looks from the outside and since they added outdoor seating even more people can get the fantastic food they provide.  The pool table to the right and the dart board towards the back was my first indication and first good visual, as I scanned the entire place that this was definitely a true Pub.  As I walked up to the bar I heard the Jukebox playing 80's style music and instantly fell in love.    The bartender at the time was awesome!  We talked all about the opening of the place and the history of the owner (who by the way is a great guy and has an excellent Scottish accent) And since then each bartender I've talked to has been equally fun and interesting.  The food!  Well I've only been back 6 times and can't stop from ordering the Guinness wings which are exceptionally tasty.  I've also had the Pear and Blue Cheese Salad (I couldn't keep my fork from diving for more) Every bite was equally great. Another time I ordered the Mozzarella and Tomatoes and rolled my eyes back with happiness, it was just a simple lunch.    One of these days I will be able to have everything on the menu, but that is the fun of going back to a favorite spot.    So go check out the Shakespeare's Pub.  Show a little love to a local Vegas place off the strip and enjoy the food and Pub experience!
Enjoyed Sunday Brunch a couple days ago.  Sat outside which was great since the sun was out and the skies were blue... gotta take advantage of the nice weather while it lasts.  It's a small area outside but there was no one there but my group so it worked out good for us.  The inside is a lot bigger than I thought it would be.  It's nice inside... not too dark and not stuffy.  There are video poker machines at the bar.  Good place to hang out.  And it's good for groups because they were able to do individual checks.  Menu wasn't super extensive but it included some nice options.  The service is OK.... I think it's cuz we sat outside that the servers were a bit less attentive.  Not sure. The gal got my order wrong but I'm not holding that totally against her ...  she probably didn't hear me correctly over everyone's talking.  The food... taste... preparation.... mediocre.  My eggs were a bit cold and dry.  But the potatoes were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The pancakes on the other hand were Very Good.... 3 big cakes... hot... fluffy... NICE!  And it was served with some really good looking, red and plump strawberries.  Bloody Mary was pretty good.  Better than Republic Kitchen's ... not as good as The Cafe at THEhotel.
1. Closes at 2am 2. $6.50 beers?! 3. No cigars allowed   DEAD TO ME :-)
This place was dead when we went on a Friday around 4 o'clock but the happy hour was pretty good.  $2 light beers and a $1 off other drafts.  There are a few food specials for $2 as well and on Monday and Friday the happy hour starts at 2 o'clock.  The restaurant/bar are pretty big and there are both high and low tables to sit at.  The waitress was on top of it and was always quick to refill our drinks.  They have a lot of English/Irish beers on tap and even a few craft beers like Lagunitas and Stone.  If you want a good happy hour and a quiet place to hang out, this might just be the place.
We go on Wednesday when thay have the trivia game..Food is not bad..Fun place and very crowded on Wednesday
What a treat.....This pub was amazing. From the eggs benedict to the best burgers in town to the fish tacos ending the day with nachos and smores out on their patio around the fire pit! Great atmosphere!!!!! Can't wait to return New Years weekend.
WoW what a great surprise that we found yesterday. We were looking for a new "venue" to watch the football games and decided on Shakespears Grille and Pub in Henderson, Nv.  When I first arrived I sat down and waaited for service which did not come right away I then noticed in the restuarant section of the building there was a soccer team with parents ages about 10 which explained our server being a little tied up. She did come over with a menu and took my drink order which the bartender over heard and began pouring my beer. Once I was joined by my friends our server Debbie came over and could not be more pleasent. As she was tending to other customers and or drinks were running low the bartender noticed this came out from behind the bar to help, great touch.   The food was really good, one of us had eggs benedict, which I was told was fabulous, the other had shepards pie which he raved about. We split an order of nachos, really good layered perfectly. They had good beer speciaal and two for one bloody mary's, when the first one was finished the bartender noticed and brought over the second one, great service.   One side note that was mentioned to was that even with about 12 kids playing pool and such the noise was not distracting. We will defintly return again, perhaps we can make into a BRONCOS bar!!
Loved the FOOD! This place has great food and good beers on tap, happy hour is ok with cheap tacos ($2 I think) and cheaper beers.  Ambiance is cool with the Shakespeare theme/sports bar.  I especially liked the games you can play (jenga, checkers, backgammon etc) while you wait or watch the game.  Overall I really liked it, it is a bit more expensive than some sports bars but the quality of the food and maybe a coupon/cert make up for it!
Great place! Love the atmosphere, love the servers, love the food and drinks! Food can be a tiny bit pricier than comparable places, but I think it's worth coming here over somewhere else. Cool pub atmosphere with darts, billiard table, and TVs galore (ALWAYS have soccer on in addition to the more mainstream NFL, NBA, NHL and they'll put whatever you want on if they have the channel). Tons of beer on tap, delicious fish sandwich, big ol fat "fries" (potato wedges). They even do a Pub Quiz on Wednesday nights at 7:00pm!
This charming little gastropub might be a bit out of the way for some (and you can't immediately see it by driving either down Eastern Ave or Coronado so do Mapquest it first) but it's worth the search- a pub that combines the best parts of both a British and Irish Pub experience, including a Wednesday pub quiz, pool/dart areas and a couch area with fireplace and flat-screen TV just above it for a rustic venue to watch your footie or the NFL on. In good weather, you can even sit outside but we've never been here when it's been cool (or non-windy) enough to do so.   The owner used to be the general manager of Fado Irish Pub on Eastern before it (sadly) closed and has brought much of the quality food preparation and wide beer and spirits selection along with him to this now British-predominant place. One of the best aspects in the bar area is one of those personal tap-tables with riser seats that allows you and 4-5 of your friends to pour your own Guinness or Harp while it keeps track of the pints drawn (and very accurately, too, down to the 100th decimal point!) Service has been good each time we've gone, too- not hovering but close by if you need something.   The food is definitely of good quality, the presentation is great and not that expensive for the portion size and quality. The fish and chips portion is large and very good, the Shepherd's Pie is well-made and presented, bangers and mash are traditionally served and the corned beef sandwich is not made from sliced, round corned beef logs like at some other places, but from a true, uneven brisket piece. And did I mention the traditional British breakfast with all the right sausages and baked beans? They also have great hamburgers and salads, ideal for those who want British/Irish alcohol but not the cuisine that goes along with it (their loss, in my opinion...we've never had a bad meal of traditional British food here.)    The ambience could be better, which is why it only gets four stars. Shakespeare's was not the first tenant of this space and they seem to have inherited a large portion of the old tables/chairs and room design, not all of which makes it look much like a British pub except for some posters and Guinness/Harp advertisements on the walls. But the casual tables-and-chairs set-up has its advantages if you have a group of friends who want to watch sports on any of their many TV's, for example, and the brickwork on some of the pillars gives it a bit of an Old World feel.  All in all, if you miss the old Fado (either on Eastern or when it was in Green Valley Ranch years ago), this is not a bad replacement. Even if there's more stress on Britain than Ireland now, they still serve an awesome pint of Harp to go with their steak and mushroom pie, and that's really all that matters.
Very good beer selection, dart board, pool table, friendly staff, quiet ambience (no loud music). Potato wedges with curry are adictive.   Steak and mushroom pie is very good.  Shepperds pie is good.  Chicken curry and veggies is OK,
I have been the past two Wednesdays with friends for their pub quiz. The service is very good. The few servers are overwhelmed a bit with the crowds for trivia, but they make the extra effort to get things taken care of. The trivia is a fair challenge, the questions are generally a bit dated, but there is a ok mix of topics. The 3 stars comes from the food and drink prices. Domestic drafts were $4 and most meals were over $12 and not more than basic bar food. Otherwise, this is a fun spot for Wednesday night.
I stopped in here to get take out because I was staying across the street at the Hilton. I really liked the atmosphere here, kind of a generic British Isles theme with a variety of paeans to the Bard, obviously. The service was friendly and fast. There were probably a dozen patrons on the Wednesday evening I was there. They seemed to have a solid English pub menu; I'd like to have tried more. What I did try was the pear and blue cheese salad with grilled chicken (added at the waiter's suggestion), and it was great. Wish I'd had time to tip back a few cold ones and hang out here a while.
So super underrated little pub.  I actually think that I may have had the best salad i've had in the valley right in this pub!  It was a pear and orange salad.  But what really sold me on it were the candied pecans.  mmmm so worth the carb cutting!  It was absolutley dead the night I went becuase it was a weekday night and we were just driving by looking in.  The staff were super friendly and great.  The star was lost in that we weren't really greeted when we walked in the door.  There was a reception desk and I waited near it to be seated but no one came to do so.  So naturally we just wandered in and sat closer to the bar where we'd be visible and from that point on they were very accomodating.  Great giant screens and totally an irish pub to check out for St. Patty's day if ur trying to avoid the strip!  They said they are taking over part of the parking lot and hiring a band and i'm sure the festivities will be full of merriment!
Love the Shepherd's Pie and Mac & Cheese.  There is something funky with their AC in the summer.  Maybe a Swamp Cooler?  Dunno but food is good.
I will be moving to this side of town and was introduced to this pub through my papa! He actually just moved here and found this place while wondering one day. It is actually a realllly nice bar and grille. I almost bought one of their t-shirts, maybe next time though. The bartender was really nice to us. He was always checking in and chit chattin away. I enjoyed his company.   I had the Shakespeare Sliders, and when it says comes with fries, its more like comes with amazing potato wedges! So delicious!!   They also have this neat table in the middle of the bar where you can have like a drinking party! It has a keg underneath and 2 or 3 taps on top to pour your own beer. It has a meter attached to it, so you pay as much as you drink. I have never actually seen that before. I thought it was neat, could just be me and my little knowledge of brewery shenanigans.  They are HUGE rugby fans too! So awesome! I think I am going to enjoy this little pub in the corner!   :)
Dana and I checked this place out last Monday afternoon and were pleasantly surprised!  It was completely dead since it was about noon on a Monday...we were the only occupants of the restaurant aside from a lone barfly and the guy who took our order.  The decor is pretty cool and makes you feel like you're not necessarily eating at a place set in a strip mall of of Eastern Avenue. It's also quite dark, which is a nice atmospheric touch.  I ended up ordering Ian's Savory Meat Pie and Dana had a bacon cheeseburger. Both of them came with delicious potato wedges, and each entree tasted pretty dang good. The filling of the meat pie consisted of seasoned beef, peas and carrots. It definently warmed me up on a cold day.  I only knock this place because it is a little too expensive for the fare offered and because the service is a bit slow, although extremely friendly. They do have a happy hour with discounted appetizers though and a late night menu which appeared to have some good prices as well.
Hit up Shakespeare's after golf one day.  Had a few beers and a great lunch.  Added bonus, a University of Kentucky game was on.  Started with chips and curry then had the Pesto Chicken sandwich with EVEN MORE chips (tater wedges) and curry (spicy brown gravy).  Clearly, I enjoyed the curry, but it came back with a vengeance.  Had the worst indigestion of my life a few hours later.   You know that old saying about curry . . . just kidding.  If there is an old saying about curry, I don't know it.  But seriously, don't overdo it like me.     I hear they have trivia on Wednesday nights too and the only thing I love more than UK and tater wedges with spicy brown gravy is trivia.
corned beef sandwich is good.  beers are good and the price is well.  Check in for a discount.
Similar batter for fish as your chicken tenders? Why, yes, please. I like that their batter is thinner than most places, comes out crisp, and keeps the chicken moist. My friend and I had came here after lounging around Crepe Shack for a few hours. Dessert before dinner had landed us right outside of the happy hour window. Come before 7pm on the weekdays and the appetizers are a couple dollars cheaper. The serving sizes are smaller, so the deals did not look that appealing. There are definitely better deals out there.   The whole Great Britain area does know how to produce good fried items. The chips are also delicious. Big wedges, sprinkled with parsley goes well with a splash of vinegar. Our pints of Guinness and a Snake Bite are reasonable at $6 each. Some of the drinks are on the crazy expensive price. Even the Irish bars on the Strip do not charge some of these prices.   For $26, we got two drinks, chicken fingers, and chips. Not bad since we could not finish off all of it. It is just a lot of heavy food.   I liked how honest the bartenders were. When we asked about the menu he rattled off about how some of the items are skimpy and which are the best. I appreciated the honesty.
Googled English pub's and found Shakespeare's.  The waitress was super friendly and the Sausage rolls were Brilliant. I would also recommend the Fish & Chips. Great atmosphere, especially if you are a sports fan, which I am not. We will be back again!
Love the food. Potato wedges come in a very large portion for $4. Add some fish tacos from the happy hour menu (2 for $5)and you are set. This is the same fish as the fish and chips, great crispy battered pieces.  The service can be a bit slow but the folks always seem friendly, even with nondrinkers in the party. Lots of room and it is always nice to be able to choose where you want to sit. Lots of TVs around for the sports minded.
Second worst dining experience I've ever had in my fucking life. This place is a joke. NEVER. COMING. BACK. Thanks for ruining my Friday birthday dinner.  Two Irish Coffees - $14 Fish & Chips - $14.95 Steak & Mushroom Pie - $14.95 Mac & Cheese - $8.95  My husband and I never get to go out anymore - mostly because we are broke. So when we do go out, I expect to have a pleasant experience at a good value. This place failed to meet every expectation a person has about a restaurant.   Showed up before 7 and were told to "sit anywhere". Then we waited for over 25 minutes before the husband got up to get menus from the bar. The waitress THEN came to us and started complaining about how the morning shift didn't do everything they were supposed to. WTFever.   Waited 20 minutes for our Irish Coffees. Then AT LEAST another 30 minutes after that to get the meals - appetizer came out with the meals.   Food - it was alright but not good enough the justify the pricing.   We finished eating at 9:11 and requested the check. Didn't get to my car until 9:57. It took over 40 minutes to get my goddamn check.  To add icing to this shittyly dinner experience: #1 - it was my birthday #2 - wouldn't honor my 50% off one meal coupon #3 - it was MY FUCKING BIRTHDAY  According to our waitress the coupon wasn't honored because it was Friday, and the coupon is only good Sunday - Thursday. Fair enough HOWEVER, the waitress should have done a lot more to make us happy. I told her it was my birthday and that we lived WAY over on the other side of town. That coupon would have saved us $7 at the most. Not getting my coupon honored on top of the super shitty service we received was too much for me.  If I could do a charge back on my card I would without hesitation.
Nice, but not wonderful, selection of beer. The Guinness BBQ sauce covered wings were very good. The Caesar salad good, but also nothing special. The live music from the Killian's Angels was very good.
Irish pub sports bar that serves exactly what I wanted off the Vegas strip.  I came in because I had a haircut appointment nearby in an hour, and noticed they had a lunch menu with a smaller shepherd's pie, my favorite gastropub thing to order.   The food came out quickly and was perfect.  Service was fast and friendly.  I was a happy camper!
Glad to know there is a place that serves decent fish and chips in this town. We found them based off of other Yelp reviews...Thank you for that! The food is good hearty and full of flavor, it maybe not be as authentic as most pubs by way of atmosphere, but they deliver on quality of food and service, The chips are excellent the beer cold and yes the Guiness on tap is like an "old friend" in a glass. Try it if you crave pub comfort food or just want to chill in a friendly neighborhood place, for some beer and pool.
Cool little Irish pub. The place is rather large. Great place for a everyday spot to grab a drink and a burger. The food is not bad. It typical pub food. The menu could be designed a bit better as it is a bit hard to read but other than that its all good. The service was friendly. Our drinks came out fast. The place was kinda slow but they have themed nights. Will definitely be back.
Great food. Friendly staff. Band that night was mediocre.
Shepards Pie was very good.  Our group came to play trivia and had a good time.  Service was a little slow, but it was busy.  I would go back to play trivia and would consider going in just for dinner.
This place is not cool to go gamble. I put In 70 dollars and got charged for the one beer i had, last time I go there
How sad!!  The food here used to be great, but alas, no longer tis' so.  Stopped by to say bye to the bartender leaving for New Zealand, only to find he had been fired!  The Guinness BBQ wings used to be delicious, but now they just taste like plain old bad BBQ.  The fish and chips was once really 'the best in town', now it looks and tastes like the frozen Gorden's fisherman's fish from the grocery store.  Unbelievably the Guinness didn't even taste right!  It's better out of a can!!!  Not sure what happened but with the original staff gone and the food now very poor and substandard...sorry to say we won't be back!
BEWARE!  I went there Friday afternoon for a business meeting. Beers were $6 and we got the chicken skewers. It was a tiny breast piece of chicken wrapped around the stick then totally dried out. So gross. The sauce was disgusting. We got the "JoJo" fries. Mediocre, cold when we got them. Our food took forever and was cold when we got it. The place was completely empty!   Worst part was I checked my bank statement yesterday and they waitress tacked on a $50 tip! She didn't even deserve the tip I gave her, let alone $50 for bringing out 4 beers and some crappy food.   I drove to the restaraunt to get it taken care of, and there "was no manager there". How do you not have a manager on duty?! I gave them my number and I was nicely called back 24 hours later and told that I was refunded the $50. No offer to discount my check or real apology. Just excuses! This place is a fraud and I will NEVER go back.   Disgusted!
I just moved to Henderson and searched for a local British Pub as soon as I could.. When I saw this one offered trivia and was called Shakespeare's  I was double excited. I had so high hopes...which were quickly squashed.. Where to begin... The service was terrible , I mean piss poor attitudes, pretentious snobbery , just plain rude.. How to servers, bartenders, and hostesses of a pub come to have such high regard for themselves and such low regard for their customers .One of the things a pub is known for is their love for their customers, that warm and fuzzy feeling that everyone knows your name..or at least wants to learn it. sigh, maybe i watch too much CHEERS   So where was I, our waiter was an ass. Our food was disgusting.. meat skewers that looked like mini meat skewers..So tiny and dried up ..They were completely inedible..I would have told our server to take them back, if he had ever came back to out table.. I was pretty sad and wanted to leave but then trivia began , it was hosted by some woman who just downloaded everything from a site and sat at a booth and ate while sloooowly going through the questions and answers..giving all the tables plenty of time to get the answers off their phones. She was too busy eating and flirting with all the managers to even check for cheaters.   Shakespeare would be rolling in his grave
Trivia here on Wednesdays is really fun.  Some of my friends complain it is hard to hear, but I think they just don't really pay attention.  The food and service are very good.
Previous reviews no longer apply..this great pub is recently under awesome new ownership.The owners are Vegas locals and will make this pub the place to be..the food is awesome, the staff is great. Checking out trivia tomorrow at 7 pm...awesome pub....
Delicious beer!  Yum!  A cool spot, spacious and clean often with live music or trivia games.  My wife and I would call this our favorite neighborhood pub because it's super close and always good.  Waitress Angel is always so nice and everyone else we have encountered has been friendly as well.  The food is good, but not amazing, although my wife loves the fish and chips.  The real English mustard is great, though, and there is darts and billiards.  A really great bar!
Shakespeare's Grille & Pub was in my bookmarks for quite some time. Due to increasingly negative reviews it started to fall far down the priority list. Friday night, one of my best friends and I decided to do light bar hopping in Anthem and Shakespeare's was brought up. The space inside was quite large. I was expecting a dark and dingy dive bar, but it was actually decently lighted, clean, and very spacious. After chatting with the bartender, who was very friendly and accommodating, we found out that this place is now under new ownership. Then we got to chat with the new owner. He was extremely friendly and accommodating as well. He expressed great interest in customer feedback, yelp, and ways to appease his customers in general. He told us they are simplifying and redesigning the menu, and although we did not order any food, I am sure I will be back to sample some of the fare they have to offer.   The owner also has fun events planned for each day of the week such as trivia night, karaoke night, and even bringing in live bands. That sounds petty awesome for a little neighborhood bar!  They also have the TouchMusic jukebox of which I am the master with my little app. Another bonus! We had a slew of drinks for $20, so this is definitley not a "strip" priced bar which is a great thing. Give it a shot! I am thinking of organizing a UYE here sometime down the line.
I only go here on Wednesday evenings for the trivia night with a group of  six to sometimes nine.  Since they are busy during that time, the service can be very slow, depending on the server.  The food is marginal, but acceptable.  A BLT alone comes on a bare plate, not even with a pickle or a bit of slaw.  If you want to play trivia, don't expect to win, since one table of four always comes in first.  We would like to catch them cheating since it just doesn't seem possible that four people could be so accurate in their answers.
I had hopes of a great experience at Shakespeare's but was only semi-impressed.  The atmosphere was nice, but not what I had expected given the name and all.  The food was actually pretty good for bar selection and the service was standard.    I did enjoy finding a new place which had team bar trivia and their sound system was clear and not to loud.  The pace was not to fast so you could hear the questions and still have time to discuss the answer with your team before they moved on to the next round.  I will be back to give them another chance to increase my star rating and to sample more than their happy hour snack menu.
Been here a few times for trivia and once for karaoke and I really want to go back and just try it on a regular day. The food offerings are excellent--curry chips!--and the alcohol and beer lists are excellent. The bartenders and servers are great, too. This place really feels like a neighborhood joint which we seriously lack in our land of strip malls and stucco.  I have yet to have a bad experience here!
thanks to dana s for the uye trivia. they had kilkenny so i was happy. ordered the shepards pie. they turned the top of the gravy into a zen garden with cool designs. it had a good salt level. some places go way overboard on the salt. our waiter was a good character and had no problem doing separate checks!   the quiz portion was fun! although i think our large group was excited and yelling out answers. i was guilty of this as well. after the quiz ended it got really quiet. a little too quiet.  [The three Turtles infiltrate The Shredder's junkyard.] Donatello: The perimeter's quiet. Leonardo: Yeah, a little too quiet. Michelangelo: Come on. [The Turtles sneak forward; Donatello takes out two sentries solo] Donatello: Well, that was easy. Leonardo: Yeah, a little too easy. [They see Raphael tied to a post] Donatello: Look, it's Raph! Michelangelo: Yeah, a little too Raph.  when i first used the bathroom i kept trying to lift the handle to wash my hands at the sink, but realized after like 2 attempts that it was an automatic faucet that looked like a handle. tricky... very tricky...
Can here mid afternoon after running some errands.  Have driven by plenty of time and finally decided to see what it was all about.  From the beer to the food it was just average.  Not bad but not memorable.
Generally I come here on trivia nights which are a lot of fun. The beer selection is solid and the service here is very good even when they are very busy, if not a tad bit slow.  They run a lot of events and live music which makes it a lot of fun to come here. I met the owner and he was really friendly as well.  The reason I take away one star is that their food is good but not great. Some of their dishes are certainly better than others, but some seem expensive for what they are and it isn't as if the quality is particularly outstanding. Of particular note to me is the sausage rolls which are delicious. However, I had a meat pie and some other things and they were all just average.  The place is really big - maybe too big for its own good when they aren't running an event, but it does really fill up when they have something going on.
The chips and curry were great!  Great selection of drinks!  Live band was... invasive.
I have been going to dealer school next door for a month and after I got my certificate, a few of us went over to Shakespeare's to have a celebration beer (or two.)  I was shocked at the size when I walked inside..it's much bigger than it looks from the outside.  It was very cute and cozy too.  We all got food and beers and the waitress/bartender gave us separate checks without us even asking for them.  She was very patient with us while we ordered all at different times since some people joined us late.  I thought the food was very good.  I got the fish tacos which came with a salad.  I was very surprised at how good the food was.  After we ate, we played pool for a few hours.  At a buck a game, it was cheap entertainment.  There was a band playing that was okay, but before they set up, the bartender had some blues going on the juke box that I really liked!   I will definitely be going back.  The food was great, the atmosphere was cozy and warm.  Oh and the best part:  NON Smoking! =)
Our first visit here. Hubs had shepherds pie and I their fish & chips. My husband thought  his dinner was pretty good, & I thought mine was good, too. The homemade coleslaw that came with my dish was very good!  Will come here again - good atmosphere and good food...and drink!
I would recommend giving this place a try. Nice staff, nice environment. It was karaoke night and everybody had a good time.
Shakespeare's is a solid 3 (I'd give 3.5 if I could, but would not go as high as 4). We come at least a couple times a month for trivia, which they do on Tues & Weds every week. Their service is always friendly, their food is acceptable but not great (with a menu that varied it's hard to do half of it really spot on; so far, the best things we've tried have been the meat pies; they're pretty delicious, as well as the chips & curry), and they have a good draught & bottled beer selection with a lot of craft offerings. I'm not sure many people order the craft beers there, though, because it doesn't seem like their inventory turns over very often. We've gotten a couple of expired bottles, and a handful of draughts that tasted fairly stale and/or bottom-of-the-barrel-y. It's a decently pleasant place, though, & it's pretty centrally located if you live in Henderson or Southeast Vegas.
This was a huge disappointment, but I think my problem may have stemmed from the fact that I ordered Mexican food from a British pub. But how can you mess up fish tacos? And my husbands burger was "tasteless and dry". He made the bonehead move of ordering American food at a British pub. So maybe we should have ordered fish and chips?
The restaurant is good. I ordered the BBQ flatbread. It's really good. The restaurant overall is never busy. I won't be surprise if they go out of BUSSINESS.
AMAZING craft beer selection. Had a great conversation with one of the owners, Corey, and he turned me on to some I had never heard of, let alone tried before. It's obvious that he's taken a lot of care and time creating a beer list with more than 100 choices. I'm going to be spending some serious time at what is my new watering hole!!!!
Discovered this place via a friend who works in the food/beverage industry.  The food:  They have happy hour 7 days a week. My favorite happy hour item is the chicken tenders. Or the chips and curry. However, my favorite overall is the chicken curry meat pie. OMG, the curry. I crave it daily. Sooooo good. Fish and chips are great as well. My husband really likes the sliders and the Caribbean chicken salad. During football games they have $15 buckets of sliders/wings/tenders with fries. My inner fat kid is always happy on game days.  Staff:  I love the staff. My drink glass never gets empty. I can come here, tell the bartender "I like rum and fruity drinks" and they can whip up something delicious and strong. YUM. The owner is often around, mingling with the rest of us and asking how things are going. He is a true beer aficionado. I have seen him sit with my husband for 15 minutes talking beer. He always asks for recommendations on what we would like to see on tap, and my husband likes to think that's why the 90 min Dogfish IPA is on tap (lol, his personal fav).  Gaming:  The machines here are gold pass poker machines. I enjoy them. Never struck it rich but I usually walk out even. They just got 2 brand new dart boards which is where we spend most of our time.  Entertainment:  They have quiz trivia, comedy nights, and live music events. I like coming here on Sundays and relaxing on their couches to watch the games. They also have a pool table and Golden Tee, neither of which I've used.  I'm here for the food, the strong drinks, and the service. Highly recommended.
Oh my goodness!!!!! I have a picture of my favorite draft beer of current times!!!!  Came in for football and had a BUCKET of fish and chips for $15.  Same price as the entree but WAAAAAAY more if a portion. Kerri and Shannon understood my hatred of mayonnaise and offered me pasta salad instead of coleslaw. I'm officially in love. Coming in Monday night because the buckets (and I do mean a literal bucket)  of food for $15 is available and they follow football with live comedy. I love to eat, drink and laugh (although the order of those three is up for grabs) so I'm totally checking it out. :) Realized checking in gets me a discount. I WILL check in tomorrow. Hope the discount applies to specials. I'll letcha know!!!
Luv this place! Great food, great drinks, friendly bar tenders and very clean!!!! Tell your friends if they want to enjoy some great times and friendly atmosphere to come here!!!
Kerri and Tiffini are fantastic!! Just go here, eat the fish and chips and drink Guinness. It will just make you happy!!!
Hands down, best bar I've EVER been too. Literally no comparison when it comes to that one spot you go after a long day at work.   Friendly staff (I.e Sidney, Jorge, Shannon, Corey). Always accomadating. I also love that whenever I have a fresh idea for a new drink, Shannon is on point! The selections that Joaquin and Shannon have are simply amazing!   The food is as equally delicious as the beer selection. If you're looking for an inexpensive version of yard house, this is your place to go. 20 beers on tap, and 101 bottles. The food is also very Irish/British based. The chicken tenders are my ultimate favorite.   Also, if you're looking for a hotspot that has something going on every night of the week, Shakespeare's has got you covered. Each day of the week there is a something going on. Thursday nights are ladies nights. Your very first drink is FREE! That's right FREE. Comedy night on Mondays is always great as well, I absolutely love Charlie!
The food is amazing but the service is incredible. Jorge the server is upbeat fun and keeps the drinks coming! He is by far the best waiter we have ever had.
Great restaurant. Good food, and good wait staff. Jorge has waited on our large group (15+) many times, and always does a fantastic job. The pub has a local feel, and is smoke free-which is always a major bonus in Vegas!
Awesome place to eat and drink! Also you can watch any football game there and they have individual speakers to listen what game you want! The sausage rolls are awesome and so are the hand rolled chicken fingers. So many beers to choose from and a full bar. Everyone is so friendly there as well! They have something for everyone different nights of the week. Check it out you won't be disappointed!
I followed Shannon the bartender from her previous job because she always gave me great service and when she mentioned they have tons of craft beer, of course I was going to go check it out as I love IPA, Imperial IPAs and so on. I can't say enough on how awesome this place is. There is no smoking which automatically rates it a 5 star, and Cory as well as Justin are great owners. They take time to hear suggestions for different booze and take care of their dart boards which I love. They were some crappy Coors Light boards but they upgraded to DMI Bandits which are staple free. I'm hoping they start some sort of dart league or tournament in the near future to take part in. They have the newest Golden Tee which is also a great addition. The next best thing would be a Power Putt LIVE machine, then I'd live at this bar!  Anyway, go check this place out but for the best bartender in town go see Shannon on Monday, Friday, Saturday or Sunday night! She may occasionally have others but it's a toss up.  GOGOGOOO@*&(P*&^%$#@!~
Jorge is awesome!!!!!! I only come here when he is working!! Get the Mac and Cheese...mouthwatering
I love this place! I love the food and the service. Awesome fish and chips. Jorge does such a great job taking care of our VERY large group. It always makes for a fantastic time.  No smoking is a huge plus.
The service is great Jorge is the best! Friday nights can become busy, but he can remember to get us refills and what each member in our group ordered. Happy hour 2 for $5 fish tacos that are really tasty and I'm not a fan of fish normally.
Great service! Great food! Great beer! Plus its smoke free so you don't leave smelling like an ash tray! Definitely a new "after work" favorite place! :)
Your typical British pub, Shakespeare's offers over 100 different beers, some sort of event going on each night of the week, and decent enough pub food. At a joint like this I did not expect the beer list to be so extensive and I was pleasantly surprised. I have come here a couple of times for lunch and a few times I have come to partake in the Trivia Pub Quiz UYEs.  The food itself is what you would expect from a pub. Good not great, and sometimes you will have to wait a little while for it to come out of the kitchen. I found it quite interesting that their chicken tenders resembled the fish portion of an order of fish n chips, in that the batter used for the protein was identical. The saving grace for me was finding Poutine on the menu, which is a childhood favorite of mine. Can't go wrong with french fries slathered in hot gravy and topped with onions and cheese curds.   Events Mondays: Comedy Tuesdays: Trivia Wednesdays: Trivia Thursdays: Live Music Fridays: Karaoke Saturdays: Live Music Sundays: Live Music
One of the best little pubs in the area. I usually come for a pint or two with my girlfriend after a long day. Really amazing selection for drinks here, and the food is definitely worth coming back for. Each night something good is happening here, my favorite day is Wensday, which is quiz night ( I've won a few times and have gotten great beer related prizes).
Great local spot with over 100 craft beers.  Need I say more?  Looking forward to coming here again
A Guinness and Harp tap at your own table??  SNAP!  Too bad there's only one table like that, but the cost would be prohibitive to do them all.  This place isn't much for atmosphere and on Wednesday night we always get the slowest server ever.  However, it's a lovely, quiet place for lunch, they have an amazing selection of beers on tap, video poker if you want it and it's a FUN place to go.  For some reason it always seems just a bit too warm inside, even in the winter.  Weird.  But I would go.  Get the curry sauce to dip your fries in.  The sausage rolls are DIVINE!
Came here a couple weeks ago because my friend was having an event there. I have to say it was a little difficult to find. I guess I just assumed it was a stand alone building but was surprised to find it in group of other buildings. Tons of beer on tap which is a huge plus! I tried a few different ones but needless to say I can't remember which ones! I didn't try any of the food but I heard it was ok. They also have a fire pit out front which was cool to sit around towards the end of the night.
Great place to hang out after work with some friends. Fun atmosphere with a great craft beer selection. Ask for my old buddy of many years, Ray!
I have gone here a couple times for pub trivia.  The ambiance and decor provide for a great pub atmosphere.  Very spacious dining and bar area.  If I lived in the area I would definitely drop by for some of the premier league soccer games.  The premier league banners on the wall give the bar an atmosphere that is different from the standard cookie cutter sports bar.  Drinks are reasonably priced and mixed drinks are well made.  I've never had a beer there, but the selection looks pretty diverse and would appeal to beer aficionados.  The food is largely pub classics.  The battered chicken tenders are good and rate up there with some of the better chicken tenders in the Las Vegas bars.  The sausage rolls with aioli mustards are an excellent appetizer to share and were good as well.  There is not an item on the food menu that you would think of and say I have to go to this bar.  In fairness, that statement is true for 99% of the bar food in Las Vegas.  What really makes this place four stars is the service and friendly owners.  the staff goes out of their way to make your bar experience a quality one.  Somewhere John Taffer would be very happy.
Good full bar, friendly bartenders, friendly staff. Food looked good what ppl was eating. Looks like the fish and chips are a hit there.
Had an English friend visiting us so we thought we would give this place a try and we were not disappointed.  The beer was cold and fresh and the selection very large.  We then decided to eat and had the following selections:  Fish & Chips, Fish  Tacos, mini Meat Pie and Sausage Rolls.  Every item was excellent as were the wedge fries and cole slaw.  Fantastic service as well.  No doubt we will be back, perhaps when they have some entertainment.
I made a visit to this bar late last night to see some amazing comedians for open mic night. I was getting a little hungry waiting for the show to start. I decided to look at a menu while I waited. The waitress was very concerned about what I wanted to order which made me very pleased with this experience. Usually, the waitress will walk away to give me a second and think. Not today my friends! She held my hand and told me everything was going to be ok! Also, she told me that my heart was made of gold. I was convinced I was going to marry this waitress!   I ended up ordering the Beer Battered Chicken Fingers w/ fries.   Let me tell you that at first I was worried.  $9 for some chicken fingers?  Is McDonalds open?!  I followed through to eat this amazing creation. Overall, the chicken fingers are definitely in their own category. I forgot to mention that I am a chicken finger ambassador!   The only thing I didn't like about the experience was the amount of ranch I received. I love ranch with my chicken fingers. That's just how I roll!
Surprisingly nice atmosphere for a bar in a strip mall.  Large open spaces, NO SMOKING, lots of great beers on tap.    There is a large projector screen and several TVs scattered around the bar,  this would be a great place to watch a game.  Pool tables, Golden Tee and a juke box!
Shakespeare's has been a long-time favorite. It's primarily my favorite because it is a friendly environment and NON-SMOKING (the best!). They have a huge selection of different beers, carry great flavors of vodka, and a decent selection of wines. Our group goes almost every week for their Pub Quiz/trivia on Wednesday nights, and occasionally we hang out on the weekends and play pool or sit and listen to the jukebox.  I recently hosted my sister's 40th bday party there and worked directly with the owner and his partner. The service was awesome (Jorge is our usual waiter), the food was all set up and very reasonably priced. We were lucky to have a live band performing too. All of our guests enjoyed themselves.  My only feedback (and why I'm not giving 5 stars) is that they could work on the food some more. There have been a few times when our burgers/steaks were over cooked or a time they ran out of tortilla chips. The steaks could be better quality meat (they've been a little tough or fatty).  Overall, we love Shakespeare's, have a lot of fun and it's awesome to interact with Justin and Cory, the bartenders, and wait staff. Enjoy all of them.
I adore this place.  The lamb sliders or shepherd pie are my favorites.  Trivia night, comedy night or karaoke night, any night you go will be amazing!
This place has really come along. Jeff is doing wonders here. Haven't found anything on the menu that hasn't been excellent and the Craft Beers are coming weekly now it seems.  The live music has started, on a small scale and will only improve the heads through the door. If/when the Drink Specials follow, this is going to be the Go-To place.  New Diners: Mention Yelp BOGO 1/2 Off Lunch Entree
Outstanding place.  The food is great and the karaoke is fabulous.  However, because this is a British themed pub, the food won't be traditional.   But it's still awesome grub.  I woke up hung over and my throat was sore.  For sure signs of a great night....and I have the video to prove it....Amy Lee I am not but it's great to sing your heart out with your friends.  And the staff is great about getting you a cab - wink.
I really like the vibe of this place. They have a huge selection of beer (draft and otherwise) The boyfriend was in beer heaven. He even got me to try a few. Great bartender, she quickly picked up on the boyfriends adventurous beer ordering, and started offering him different choices and brought him a sample or two. She was good. For food, we started with the Chicken Curry meat pie. I liked lt, and want to go back and try the steak one. Then we split the chicken Tikka Masala and the Sheperd's Pie. Both were pretty good. I love a good Sheperd's pie, but I was kinda stuffed by the time I got to it. The Chicken Tikka Masala was unlike any I've had before but good. I definitely want to try their fish and chips too. I'm sure we'll be back soon.   Also, This place has a lot of themed nights. Wednesday there's trivia and a comedy something on another night
I go here for Trivia on Wednesdays. It's usually really crowded which makes the trivia atmosphere fun. However, if you go on a Wednesday, be prepared for long service and a somewhat rude server.   My trivia group has been coming here pretty regularly, but the service hasn't gotten better. We usually get one server whose attitude is supposed to be a fun, laid-back nonchalance but he comes off curt and rude especially when you're hungry/thirsty.   Food is alright, but there aren't a lot of vegetarian options. I wouldn't eat here without some event going on because the quality doesn't match the price.
I have never been here but my cousin and her husband are regulars at this place because they live right around the corner from it. They took me here tonight and the waiter Jorge was ridiculously terrible. This review will not be good and because of him I will probably never go back there again, my cousin even said she might stop going there because they had him the last three times and it was just the worst service ever. They ordered their beers and I let the waiter know that I needed a couple of more minutes because they have a really big beer list. He came back roughly 5 minutes later with their beer and as I was midsentence about to order my beer, he stormed off and walked away not even asking if I was ready. He Didn't come back to the table until roughly 5 to 7 minutes later. I ordered my beer and he was out of it so I ordered a different beer that he said he had. He came back to the table with a totally different beer that I didn't ask for. He said he was out of that beer that I asked for as well. What he should've done was come back to the table and ask me what I wanted instead of assuming what he thought I wanted. I ordered my next beer and he came back to the table with the original beer I asked for that he said he was out of in the first place. At this point I was fuming and there was nothing that was going to turn the service around. At the end of the night we asked for our check at three different occasions and still nothing. Oh and did I mention that he handed us everything we ordered instead of putting it down on the table!? Worst service ever and they were out of a lot of stuff!!! Terrible. I forgot to mention his snarky comments that he thought was funny but was actually just rude.
Went with a large group of people on a Saturday night for dinner and drinks. I had the cheeseburger and fries special for $8. The burger was really good and was pretty big. The bad news was they did not have Harp or Bass on tap which is weird for a pub to not at least have one of those so you can do a Black and Tan or Half and Half. The drinks were a bit pricey for a local pub but it seems like everywhere now has upped the alcohol prices. All in all a very nice local place with a good vibe.
Don't bother going here to watch the Soccer game the whole bar has already been reserved we all left...very disappointed...
SOLID!   I tend to frequent the local pub's to watch the English Premier Soccer games, and of course at this moment the World Cup action on daily. I have a thing for atmosphere, with a bunch of random good people whom are fans, eating good food, and watching great soccer...when that goal is scored for your team and throwing the high fives to your neighboring table it just makes the game that much better.   I wanted to switch it up from my regular Crown & Anchor routine and being near Eastern and Anthem area anyway it made sense to look at Yelp to direct me here. It was a smaller attention game Japan v Columbia so arriving half hour before the game left the couch and comfortable chairs in front of the drop down open and was the ideal place to enjoy the game. If its a higher profile game i would recommend getting there early for a spot as i can tell that this place could be popular with 2 drop down screens and projectors and plenty of space to roam during the game. My server was Shelly, what a sweetheart! Pretty much made my afternoon with her attitude and service. I had the Fish tacos, and my partner in crime for the day enjoyed the Fish & Chips...fish batter is on point and crispy, although i like thinner crispy fries rather than wedge the wedges were still very tasty. Pretty much ties the best meal i've had during a game with Twin Peaks where i also had fish tacos. We also shared a dessert, a warm brownie with ice cream on top that was pretty tasty and finished out my meal perfectly.   If your looking for a place to watch the game, and grab a good bite Shakespeare's delivers. Do check it out.   Tomorrow is Germany v USA, and i know where ill be.
This place is awesome and the service is great...I heard a customer say they were disappointed in the place because the couldn't accomidate a large party during World Cup...lol..You go to an English pub on World Cup with a large party without a reservation....That's smart...but it's the places fault...lol!!! Large Party = Reservation...duh...This place is great..
I like hanging out here.  Nice to sit on the patio and grab a cold beer on a warm evening. They have an amazing selection of bottled and beers on tap.  There are different events here depending on the night.  Trivia night, this place gets pretty packed.  The service needs improvements tho.  I have yet to try the food.
Excellent fresh fish, chips ok Poutine is Huge!!  Very good.  Husband says Guinness at the perfect temp.  We will be back  service was excellent
Very rarely do I like places this much the first time.  It has a great atmosphere, and made me feel welcome.   I will definitely be there on in quiz nights. And the food is worth it by itself.
The service here is absolutely awful. We came in for trivia about 4 or 5 times, and tonight was our last straw with this place. We've had two different waiters/waitresses, and they all have the same stupid attitude ("Can we have menus please?" "maaaaybe"). This wouldn't be so bad except every time they forget the menus!  The food itself is pretty decent for bar food, if you can convince your waiter to take your order - and assuming they remember the order. Every time we've been here, they've either gotten someone's order wrong (I realize this could be a mixup in the kitchen too, but still), or they just blatantly forget to bring something.   A few examples of what this establishment apparently considers "service": One of our servers was just blatantly rude - someone at our table ordered a drink ("could I get a vodka cranberry please?") and he responded with "No" and walked away. I get it, you're supposed to be the cool, laid back server that will joke with us - but that only works if you actually do your job. He never brought the drink, even after being reminded once. On a separate night, he brought out the wrong order (someone ordered chicken tenders, he brought chicken nachos). Instead of apologizing and taking the order back to be replaced, he put the nachos down in front of her, said "I SWEAR I heard nachos", and walked away. Our waitress tonight took 15 minutes to bring us menus (she was chatting - not busy with other customers). She tried pulling off the 'adorable girl' attitude on us, which again may have worked if she did her job. We never got drink menus, waiting another 10-15 minutes to order food, and even then the orders were messed up.  This is literally the only place I have ever gone and not left a tip. My entire group are good tippers, and even with poor service tip at least 15% (and that takes pretty poor service for us to leave that little). After leaving the bare minimum the last few times, tonight was the last straw - for the first time in our lives, we left $0 tip. That's how awful the service is here.  I like the food, I love the trivia, but I will never be coming back here. Spend your money somewhere where there's good service - or hell, even poor service is better than this place.
Went here to watch the World Cup 2014. Service?  There was none.  Complete and utter failure. We actually tried to go to see the US match, but was turned away because we didn't make reservations.  That was fine.   This time we had reserved a table, but it didn't matter because the staff was completely unprepared for the event.   Kind of crazy since they are known to be a soccer viewing sports bar.  Rather disappointing.
The service we received was excellent, Shelley was very friendly & helpful.  The pub itself was just looking a bit old/tired.  We came here to watch the World Cup semi final and they do have plenty of screens (although the projectors are not as bright/sharp as would be ideal).  The food just wasn't very good/authentic at all.  The bacon in the "Full English Breakfast" is american style (I didn't order it, but was disappointed to hear that).  I had the sausage rolls which were very "heavy/stodgy" the meat had next to no flavor and perhaps the pastry just wasn't cooked long enough?  The poutine had some breaded cheese curds which did not help the flavor/texture (as the gravy just made them very soggy).  The shepherds pie was decent - the smaller lunchtime size was big enough for me.  They do have HP sauce and malt vinegar on all the tables which is a nice touch.  My wife had the fish & chips (which really is fish and wedge fries - and seasoned wedge fries which is just odd).  The whole meal kind of looked like it was from Sysco.  I would not head back here - and also would not say that their food is representative of good English pub fayre.
Great Atmosphere...the bar staff is amazing and I had the opportunity to meet and converse with the owner, very pleasant person and has a vast knowledge of the bar and an ability to please the guest as well as presenting a feeling of belonging to his patrons. I would suggest that anyone stop by and give it a chance, a bar is a bar until you staff it right, then it's an experience.
We must have gone on a bad night. Service was terrible, it took forever to get our server to take our order, provide refills,provide to go boxes and to provide our bill. However I find it interesting that after the bill was dropped off, and we paid that the waiter picked up the bill with our money very quickly.  Food was fine. If it wasn't for the bad service we would return.. But don't think we will return anytime soon.
Another hidden gem - you would not know it was there! Don't let the location fool you, this is a classy venue for a quiet meal out. Food is excellent and the ambience delightful. Great for an evening meal, weekend brunch or afternoon tea. Gorgeous interior and exterior view.
Hmmm....despite the surroundings the staff at the birdcage didn't get off to the best of starts... A beautiful sunny day with an entire restaurant empty and the only other table besides ours was next to us outside. In spite of having more staff than you could shake a stick at I still had to go inside to firstly get hold of a menu so that we could order. We were quite hungry so thought a couple of snack plates out in the sunshine would be nice. 10 minutes later we'd still not had our drinks order taken. Along comes a waitress...one Passionfruit Margarita and a coke please. No problem. 10 minutes after that someone comes out to say that "I'm sorry we have no passionfruit would you like a normal Margarita?" No worries, yes please. 10 minutes after that a lady comes outside with the one drink, the Margarita...erm excuse me we ordered a coke too please. "Oh sorry, I'll just go and get it for you..." 5 minutes later it arrived. She didn't even ask if we would like any food. My god not that we would now given the it's taken 35minutes to get a drink in an empty restaurant/bar...  The menu however does look nice. Perhaps we will give it a try during one of their 50% off days as if we receive the same level of service I won't feel so enraged with half off the meal.  The Jury is out but in the meantime I'm giving this place a 2 and it's only really for the surroundings not the minging Margarita or the poor poor service.
Ah, ye old half star debate. Really, I think this place deserves 3.5 stars - definitely not a 3 but not ready for a 4 yet. But I want to give it positive vibes, as I think that the Birdcage is a fab addition to Musselburgh. If you can find it, that is. Be warned, it's off the main drag, in a semi-industrial estate (it's a converted cotton mill) and in the dark, an absolute bugger to find (first road on the left by the job centre, folks). I had all but given up when I saw my friend run out of her car, so followed her into a pedestrian quadrant where the Birdcage sat.   It's a very modern bar and restaurant, serving pretty modern dishes that are really rather unheard of in this town. Balsamic roasted beetroot with goats cheese and rocket salad? How on earth does that fit in with the local chippy? I don't think it does, but really, honestly and truly not a bad thing. Sadly, said salad didn't have the flavour I was expecting, the beetroot and rocket both overpowered by the cheese, and the vinegar didn't carry over any flavour at all, so I was a little disappointed, although overall it was a pleasant salad.   My main was a gnocchi (home made by the looks of it) with wild mushroom, drizzled with truffle oil. A little greasy for my liking, but I find mushroom dishes to be generally more greasy, so you can take that comment with a pinch of salt. My friend's angus burger and chips looked fabulous, and meaty (both chips and burger).   We both went all out with dessert - chocolate fondant for her, and sticky toffee pudding for me. Not something I normally order, but damn, the flavours were outstanding, with toffee and cinammon screaming out. Sponge itself was a little dry.   So you can probably see why this is a 3.5 star. Although the food was good, it wasn't amazing or hit the level of sophistication that this place is striving for. However, I don't want Birdcage to fail - perhaps, as it hasn't been open too long, it just needs to stretch its wings out a little more and will improve in time. I think that now that I have the option of old mans pub or trendy bar in my hometown as well, that I will be definitely back to drink some more here too, beats a bus ride into Edinburgh on a dark wintery night.
After going to many restaurants this past week, I'd have to say this spot was Alright.   I think overall its just because I seem to have made the bad choice on the menu! I ordered Fish with Squid and some sort of chorizo risotto underneath. I have to say the dish was so salty I was considering taking it back. The other dinners were nice, all the presentation is well done and the staff were really kind. Although this choice that I made put me off, especially because the prices are pretty high.   For a starter my dad and I shared a goats cheese and beetroot ensemble. It was very delicious and the presentation was cool enough that my family and I want to re-create it at home.   The prices are high, the service and ambiance is nice, however I just don't think I'd rush back ASAP.
While visiting Edinburgh on our honeymoon, my husband and I stopped into Angels with Bagpipes because it was highly recommended by a local we met earlier on our trip. We weren't prepared for the atmosphere and totally stood out like tourists. But, we were so anxious for a good meal because we hadn't found one yet.  The service was impeccable and we didn't feel a hint of disdain at our shorts and tennis shoes attire (whoops - like I said, unprepared).  We ordered olives, bread and olive oil as an appetizer. I had the pork belly, which I think I remember being served with potatoes and greens. No matter, the pork belly was the focal point and it was just perfect. My husband ordered the ribeye with and to date, he still describes it as the best steak he's ever had in his life.  We didn't do dessert, because we headed across the street for a fried Mars Bar. How could we not?
So, being from the US and not the UK, I have to compare this experience with food that I am accustomed to as well as other food in the UK. But, I do try to have an open mind. Overall, it was one of the better meals so far in the country (had a pretty mediocre experience so far in the UK) but it did not meet better-than-average food standards that I am familiar with....OK, I say all of this cause I know this may not be a fair assessment and it sounds like I'm an Ameri-snob but that is what I'm working with....  We were staying near the Royal MIle and had passed by this place on a few walks. Decided to head out to have lunch there. Upon arriving, it was raining (outdoor seating closed) so we were immediately led to the back dining room. A very pleasant, modern space with a wall of glass on one side. Waiter came within a few minutes and got a drink order and an orange juice / seltzer mix for the kids.  My wife got a pink froo-froo drink that came in a Martini glass and didn't like it (as usual). I tried it and it was OK...just not her thing. She switched to wine. I got a Hendricks Negroni which was really good and stout if you like bitters.   Thing 1 and Thing 2 ordered kids penne pasta (not on the menu)....one with just butter and one with a red sauce. Red sauce was a bit weak and flavorless. Wife and I shared a scallop app that was pretty good...had a salad with cilantro and a mayo-based sauce on the side.   Then came the main courses....wife got the salmon med rare and I got the fish and chips. Salmon was reported as just OK and fish and chips were good except for that English tradition of serving things with mushy peas underneath them. Not too bad of an idea, and I don't have anything against peas, but the they need to have some flavor so that they enhance the dish and this wasn't the case. A bit bland. Tartar sauce accompanying my dish as well as the "chips" were tasty. The presentation was very nice here.   Check was 120 pounds which seemed very steep (hmm....is this about $200 USD!!!! ouch). But, very good service. I would say that there are many other places to eat in this town....I will have to try a few more before I can compare this with other options in the area. Probably won't be back here on this trip.
Very good food and friendly service.  The menu is not huge, but original and dishes are made with local ingredients.  I would highly recommend Haggis and smoked salmon to start. We had lamb and cod for main course.  Cod was just about perfect.    Cannot beat the location - right on the Royal Mile.  We had a table for two next to the window overlooking the Royal mile.  Most of the restaurant is down stairs, so if you want the view, you should us for a table on the first floor.    Well worth the time and money.
In comparison to all other restaurants we ate at during our trip to Scotland, Angels with Bagpipes was pretty good. Had dinner there on our first day in Edinburgh based on recommendation from the local & experienced our first (but definitely not last) Haggis. Lamb was very flavorful, but a wee bit too tender. The name of the restaurant actually references three small angels with bagpipes engraved in a church across the street. The church is worth visiting too.
We had a really nice lunch here - i felt a bit sloppy and underdressed in my super-tourist apparel but the place isnt stuffy and we felt welcomed.   the soup -- cauliflower velout -- was quite memorable, as was the side dish of carrots perfectly cooked, with cumin seeds.    Service is a little on the clueless side for an upscale place, but was well-intentioned.
I loved this restaurant!. We had the A la Carte menu ( less than 20) for 3 courses. The Portions were not massive, but we still felt very full, so much so that i could not  finish my Creme Brulee! Very tasty! Staff very polite and spotless inside. Nice for date or two!
I had one of the more adventurous meals of my life at Angels with Bagpipes last week, and it was excellent.   As we were on vacation, we decided to treat ourselves to a more upscale and pricey meal, and it was worth every penny. We had a late reservation, and our table wasn't quite ready when we arrived, so we decided to enjoy a cocktail in the front bar area and peruse the menu. It's not a huge menu by any means, but it is an interesting one, so we had a difficult enough time deciding what we'd like to order. What was nice was that we were able to order prior to being seated at our table, so that we wouldn't have to wait ages for our food. (Details like that are what make some restaurant experiences great, instead of merely good.)  My cocktail (a chocolate/orange/espresso combination) was tasty, but I switched to wine with my food. My husband loved his gin and tonic, though, and stuck with that for the evening. I started with the beef tartare (a first for me), and it was amazing. I even enjoyed the raw quail's egg on top, and I generally have an issue with even somewhat runny eggs. Honestly, this dish was so good, I would've considered having it again for dessert! My husband had the haggis, which he really enjoyed, especially as it was wrapped in bacon. (I didn't get a bite, but I've had haggis before, so I wasn't too disappointed.) For mains, I had the trout, and again, it was very good - I particularly enjoyed the crab "fish stick" that accompanied it. My husband had the lamb, and here's where I got super adventurous, as it came with sweetbread and tongue, both of which I tried (another first), and coming from someone who SWORE they would never eat any kind of organ meat, I really liked both. The tongue in particular was very tender and flavorful. I don't know that I would be brave enough to eat an entire entree, but the bites I had were very enjoyable, and my husband said he'd happily order this again. He also got a side of chips, which were good, but not entirely necessary.  For dessert we decided to split the cheese plate, and it is more than big enough to share, with 5 different cheese on offer, including a fantastic goat cheese. The pear chutney was a wonderful accompaniment, and really, it was a perfect end to a perfect meal.  The restaurant isn't terribly fancy or pretentious - it's more of a place where you can dress up if you'd like to, but I felt comfortable enough in nice jeans and a sparkly top. The upstairs dining area can get a bit loud, especially if there are any large groups having dinner, but it didn't detract from our experience at all. Service, especially in the bar area, is friendly and top notch, and the food is all presented beautifully. Portions aren't huge, but everything is of the best quality and we certainly didn't leave hungry.   We had a great night and a fantastic meal, and I would definitely go back to Angels with Bagpipes if I'm ever in Edinburgh again.
This place is my #1 favorite restaurant in Edinburgh. It was recommended by our hotel staff. We didn't have the chance to come here until the end of our trip. We wish we learned more about this place sooner because it was one of the best restaurants we've gone to. Everything was just exceptional! We were seated immediately when we came here. I've always wanted to try the haggis but didn't had the courage but something about this place finally made me try it. We ordered their haggis, neeps and tattis as an appetizer and it was very good. It was served it a very nice fashion. Not only the appetizer but everything else we ordered were served very nicely. My boyfriend and I couldn't decide between their lamb and venison so we decided to order one of each and shared. They were both very delicious. Good meat cooked to perfection as I almost licked my plate. We also decided to try some whisky. We didn't know what to order but our waiter helped us picked the best one they have. We didn't know how to drink it so he taught us how to add little drops of water into the whisky and drink it very slowly. We felt like dummy amateurs when it comes to whisky but our waiter was just so sweet, nice and kind. This place has very nice ambiance (not to mention very romantic), very good location (just around the corner from our hotel), exceptional food and service and reasonable price. I also like the restaurant's name Angels with Bagpipes.
To be upfront, I have not eaten at AwB - I haven't even left the front room..  so granted, this review is somewhat skewed.  But from the looks of the place and menu, and attentiveness of the waitstaff and host while we just had a couple glasses of wine (great selection on that I can at least vouch for!) - I highly recommend making a reservation ASAP.
As it was Joe A. and my one year anniversary on Saturday, what better opportunity to try out Angels with Bagpipes! It had been on our radar for a while and now we've finally been.  The staff are lovely and friendly. They are very polite and go out of their way to accommodate you, but without being over the top.  The menu is mouthwatering and did not disappoint. I had a smoked salmon starter. The attention to detail was spot on. The piece of salmon was nice and chunky and garnished with bits of caviar, radishes, etc. Beautiful.  For my main course I unusually (not a big meat eater) went for the lamb. It was cooked beautifully and was really tasty.  Although I was pretty stuffed, I still managed to squeeze in a dessert of a chocolate orange mousse. It was nice but would have been nicer if it was a bit lighter. A bit too rich after the other courses.  My only criticism would be that it was a bit chilly in there. Apart from that it was a nice, relaxing environment, friendly and down to earth staff, and the food was delicious. I wouldn't go here all the time, but it is nice for a special occasion :)
Lunch deal 14 pounds.  Place is nice an audience also nice.  Food was good, but could be better,  Fois gras-very good Salmon-ok - Chicken-boring no flavor Beef ribs- really good  I think this is a really good place so i like to return and thats why i give it 4 stars.
Well on the sunniest and warmest Tuesday of the year Kev.W and I stopped by for a spot of lunch attracted by the idea of 2 courses for 12.50. Given the reputation given below that this place can be expensive this was a pleasant surprise.  Looking at the fixed price menu there was something for everyone but for me starter wise there was only one option, smoked ham terrine with a fois gras centre served with a quail egg and a tweel. Light tasty and delicious! The dish was technical, elegant and just outstanding. The fois gras was a great treat on a beautiful day.  For main I opted for the short rib of beef, served with potatoes, salsify, spinach and a gravy that was incredible the dish worked fantastically well. I gobbled it all up in no time and was left very content.  The service was perfect, the beer was cold...I was very happy.  Even more keen to visit for dinner now but the lunch menu here comes highly JD Recommended!
I have no doubts about giving this excellent restaurant just up the hill from St Giles five stars! The scallops were really wonderful and the sirloin was excellent. The sides of mashed carrots and greens were different and excellent. I particularly appreciated the very light dressing on the greens. We capped it off with a quite imaginative desert. The Romanian wine was very nice, the first glass we have ever encountered, anywhere. Finally, the service was exceptional. Enjoy!
This place really deserves a 4.5  My stars...(5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)  Go or No?  Go!  Tease:  A local Edinburgh restaurant with a mix of traditional and modern Scottish food.    Why I went:   We found this place on Open Table when travelling through Edinburgh.  It was well rated.  When:  Summer 2011  Food:  I cannot recall what my wife ordered, but I had haggis raviolis in a scotch reduction sauce that were out of this world!  To the best of my recollection, everything we had was very tasty.  Service:  Very efficient and friendly.  Hints/Final thoughts:  Give this place a try!  It's fairly fancy and a great date spot!  The food is eclectic and tasty!
Definitely not $$$.  This is some seriously affordable luxury, with a hostess that will check your coat, wait staff that will fold your napkin when you get up, and staff that will lead you to the restroom. ^_^ I absolutely adore everything about this place. From the posh atmosphere, the exquisitely plated food, the gracious service, seriously everything.  A prix fixe menu will keep costs down significantly . Though I went on one night and had a lovely dinner for two with wine and a shared dessert for less than 60.  Side note: there is a slippery spot in the back room that I hope they've polished over by now. Three woman slipped on it during brunch, me being one of them. One minute you're enjoying toast, and the next your skirt's flown up and you've flashed everyone the goods.  Still not enough to sour a great experience, haha.
My boyfriend took me here for my 25th birthday as a surprise.  I had a lovely goat's cheese for a starter, a perfect steak for the main course and we shared a wonderful chocolate mousse with salted caramel and peanut butter ice cream.  The lights were dim and from where I sat you could look out on the twinkling lights in the window. Very good food and a cery romantic setting!  Maybe a bit pricey for us as students but worth it!
I'm from the US so I'm picky and must say that I have yet to find any memorable food in the UK.  The food and service here were good.  If we could give 3.5 stars..I would give this place 3.5.  That being said, I would go back here for the food.
Very good service, great food! Beautiful sweetbread with the lamb. To be honest, the first time I had a proper meal while being in the UK...
The ambiance here is great. The food presentation is great. The service is great as well and the above is why I give it 3 stars. The food was not all that though. Portions were very small and not that tasty. One person with us had the venison and liked it though. Tried the Hagas and it was good. Over priced place overall though. Again service was awesome though.
Nice wine list, great service, excellent, modern food selections in the prix fixe.
I slowly opened one eye, and then the other, I checked all major body parts...everything was still there and moving. I lifted my head off the pillow, that's when I realised I had a very dry mouth and a gentle pounding in my head, it was time to get to the kitchen...must...drink....tea.  So now you know how the evening ended, it's time to go back to the start.  My dining partner in crime (DPIC) and I had decided on Angels with Bagpipes as the venue for a celebratory meal. We arrived to be shown promptly to our table by the friendly staff who immediately made us feel welcome and offered any help with questions while we perused the menu.   We were seated in the back area which reminded me of a friends living room that has impeccable taste in interior dcor. It was relaxed yet with the perfect balance of formal and informal that makes you feel like you're somewhere special but not that you can't relax and enjoy yourself.  It didn't take long for us to make our dining decisions, we chose the Chateau Ka wine from Lebanon after a recommendation from my DPIC and we were not disappointed at all. I went for the Orkney Scallops with lentils, apple, caramel and crackling as I was intrigued by the combination of flavours for a starter and being a fan of a classic steak chose that for mains.  The scallops were tender and fresh, and the lentils added a wonderful texture perfectly balancing the sweetness of the apple and caramel, the crackling added a lovely 'bite' and it was beautifully presented. The steak was perfectly done to order, however the pesto tomato was a little over loaded with pesto but a small complaint given when you order steak it's the meat that's the star.  My DPIC ordered the beef tartare, and after stealing a fork full I can confirm it tasted wonderful with a wonderful crisp fresh crunch from the onions. For her main she ordered the lamb which was again perfectly cooked but she felt there was a little too much 'going on' with the sweetbread, anchovy and almond garnish. We're both of the opinion when it comes to a meat dish, less is more but this is personal opinion after all.  We decided to finish off the evening with a shared cheese board and some port, the staff again demonstrated their knowledge by walking us through the cheeses on the board and informing us they were displayed from mild to strong across the board. We ordered the Fonseca 97 Port as my DPIC informed me she still dreamt about the port from when she'd been in 2010. And it was everything it was built up to be, so we had a second glass just to be able to savour it a little longer.   The cheese was a good mix of hard and soft, and whilst we're both cheese fiends we didn't find the strongest one over powering and we easily polished them all off as the portion sizes were just right.  Overall we had a lovely evening there, I'd recommend this venue for special occasions with friends, romantic dinners or if you have friends from out of town staying. Make sure your guests spot the Angel with Bagpipes statue which the restaurant is named after, her whistful expression makes me think she also might be thinking of the glass of port and cheese she's going to have at the end of her shift.  Oh, and in case you're wondering. I can highly recommend the Jolly Roger and Monteiths and the Albanach for post dinner drinks. Probably just don't do them all in one night, otherwise you'll end up how I started this review!
I've been here a few times now, it's my go-to restaurant when my family visit me in Edinburgh. Originally visited after a friend recommended it to me. Food is amazing, so well made and the atmosphere here is great - caters for all groups well. On my first visit I was dubious as there were a large group of hens- they didn't ruin the atmosphere (even though it's a small-ish restaurant), waiters were really attentive. A friend knew we were visiting and had pre-ordered a bottle of prosecco for us which was a really nice surprise! It's nice to visit for a romantic dinner or with friends.   The service is great - such a pleasure dining here, and there's something for everyone on the menu.. Just wish the deserts were't so damn tasty!
Well they have done well to recover these 4 stars, having called to book a table I was told didnt I realise it was the festival so they wouldnt be taking bookings.....!!! :@!!!!  The festival is ONE MONTH A YEAR I am here 12 months, short sighted to my mind!  Anyway....to the food!!! My dinner chum and I opted to share a bottle of savvy b! very tasty!!  For dinner I had the home-made burger with gouda - she had the fish goujons! I loved my burger - medium rare in the middle, nice cheese, bbq sauce served with homemade coleslaw, curly fries and salad it was delicious  My chums fish was lovely too - crispy batter and fresh fish! Amusingly they gave her a childs side portion!! She is a goregous girl but she couldnt decide if this was a hint she needed to cut down on the food or they were saying "you coudlnt possibly eat a whole portion" .....funny :o)!!  Jd = happy man!!!
Why hello new potential favourite brunch spot! Having read Brad G's reviews of Porto & Fi, and their amazing Eggs Benedict, it did make me a bit sad that they weren't within lazy Sunday morning walking distance.  So imagine my joy when I walked up the Mound last week to see the pretty word of 'Porto & Fi' atop a restaurant that was currently being 'done-up' inside. I thought it might be open by summer, hurrah!  What's this? Fast-forward but a few days and it's open for business with quite a few customers inside already. Perfect. So when a good friend came to visit and needed some afternoon snackage, I was keen to try it out.  She ordered haddock goujons and chips, whilst I just had a tea. It made my day that the tea came with a small square of tiffin type traybake. Such a nice touch. The haddock goujons were presented quite elaborately in a small metal pot, spilling over the top. Very fresh, light batter. The chips were a bit forgettable but the haddock was lovely (yes I did try).  The interior is fresh, modern, quite simple but also with style. Open brick work, greens and browns, and the absolutely stunning view from the top of the mound. My only concern is that this place will become very popular very soon.  But they do have an exciting looking Brunch menu that I will be back to try on a Sunday. I haven't been able to find somewhere with the right mix of restaurant, bar and cafe that does a good all-day Sunday brunch in the near vicinity. Expect updated review and verdict soon!
I'm always impressed when cafe staff can manage to fill their place a relaxed atmosphere amidst the festival mayhem. And Porto and Fi on the mound most certainly can!  I managed to nab a prime window table to relax and enjoy the view whilst sipping on my cinnamon latte. Coffee was tasty but the atmosphere is really why they get so many stars from me. There was a steady stream of people coming in but i never felt hurried or hassled to get going and free up the table. The staff were polite, considerate and friendly without going overboard. Exactly what i needed to find after fighting my way through the madness of the royal mile!  Without a doubt I'll be back for a bowl for there soup which smelt beautiful and was massive!
I was here for lunch a few days ago.  Nice ambiance - and cosy and warm inside while it blew a storm outside.  I had good service, but wasn't overwhelmed by the food.  An halloumi sandwich with ciabatta and salad.   I enjoyed the salad, and the halloumi, but frankly the ciabatta didn't do it for me - and didn't bring out the best in the halloumi (even with the chilli jelly).   For dessert I had carrot cake - which was rather dry.  Much better carrot cake to be had in town.  I'll be back though - apparently they do a good eggs benedict.
I had been looking forward to trying this restaurant for a while now. I had passed the one at Newhaven a few times and it is always busy - which is usually a good sign! So when my friend and I decided to try the latest addition on the Mound, I was very excited.  The menu is very reasonably priced. Although i didn't try a starter (as wasn't that hungry) - I throoughly enjoyed the haddock goujons and curly fries. The batter on the fish was delicious and extremely light.  I liked that next to each dish on the menu the recommended wine is shown next to it, which is helpful for those unsure what wine to drink.  I had a lovely house chenin blanc which was very nice indeed.  The staff were extremely friendly and we were very lucky to get the best seat in the house (in the right window as you come in) with the most beautiful view all the way down to Princes Street and over the city. I would definitely recommend booking this table if you're planning a romantic evening, or again, a lovely place to take friends and family as it's a really nice, relaxed atmosphere!  My friend felt it reminded her of a Swedish restaurant she'd been in and I can see what she means, with the very open plan, minimal style.  Definitely will be going back. Also being next to the Whiski rooms, it's always handy to stop off there for a swift one afterwards!  Will be back!
I had the day off last Friday and arranged to meet my friend here for coffee. It turned out to be a good choice! Lovely seat by the floor to ceiling front window, exposed brickwork, tones of lime green and purple, quirky resin seats embedded with straw (I think!), mellow atmosphere, attentive staff and extremely tasty cake!   My carrot cake was yummy and the scones were perfect. The waiting staff had the perfect balance of being there when we needed them...but not hassling us as we sat and blethered! Although we were just having a cake and coffee afternoon, we both agreed we'd have to come back and sample the food menu sometime. The prices were very reasonable and there is a patio area outside ready and waiting for the sun to come out!  A perfect place to while away an afternoon catching up with good friends and  people-watching!
Have heard many a great thing about Porto and Fi - and today with a work lunch got my chance to go!  It was lovely and busy but we didn't have to wait for the table and whilst we were walking to our seats I spotted many a person with very cool looking fish goujons and chips in a little bucket.  The menu had a reasonable selection but the goujons had me captivated and I couldn't think of anything else!  In fact 3/4 of our table ordered them.  Alas, it was not to be, whilst looking lovely the goujons were rather bland although the chips were lovely.  We had time for a quick coffee and it's here I was most disappointed.  Now I don't insist of Artisan Roast everywhere I go, but nice tasting coffee is in fact a requirement and I was very disappointed with the lack of flavour!  Lots of positives though, the waiting staff were delightful and friendly and the place was super, I mean noticeably clean! Impressive for a busy restaurant.  Now! Having read the other reviews, I'm not writing Porto and Fi off, I would hope to return again - but I simply can't review it as highly as the other places I've been writing about recently.  Here's to an improved return visit - perhaps for eggs benny?
Went for lunch today. Very nice and well worth a visit
What a great addition to the Mound and this part of town in general - am a regular visitor and like their style. Easy going service (but good!) in cool surroundings and great coffee. Try it.  Good range of quklity offering lunch or dinner, or maybe just sneak a fly wee coffee and cake.
Best brunch I had had for months.
We popped in here on Sunday afternoon for a bit of respite from the shops & the weather. Even though the sun had his hat on there was a chilly breeze so we opted for hot chocolate to warm us up. Despite there only being 3 other tables occupied, two of which were getting ready to leave, it was almost impossible to get served. Eventually one waitress said she'd come take our order then disappeared to clear a table. I could understand it if they were busy & needed to seat custoners but it was after 3pm and very quiet. The hot chocolate, when we were eventually served, was really nice & served with a flake on the side which was a nice touch.  The poor service has put me off. Shame, I'd heard good things about Porto & Fi
i was a bit late in finding out how awesome porto & fi is and must actually credit my boyfriend for taking me here to make the discovery of such a wonderful place for brunch!!  my first visit was about a year ago and my second visit was this past weekend, but i really need to make an effort to go here more!!  needing to be in town to go to the bank, i suggested we get brunch at the branch on the mound.  this worked out rather perfectly as i only had a short ten minute walk after my bank visit, but it included the playfair steps so i was fairly hungry by the time i reached the top of the stairs and the door to the restaurant itself.  on arrival we were actually lucky to get a set as there were a few empty tables but these were booked.  i made a mental note that next time we go we'll need to book a table!  we did end up with a cosy corner both that wasn't booked until an hour later and the waitress left us with menus.  the lunch options looked rather yummy, but my heart was set on breakfast so i opted for the scrambled eggs, toast, and parma ham.  my boyfriend went for the eggs benedict with smoked salmon.  we also had a tea, coffee, and orange juice with that.  i saw they sold tea pigs tea, but at 2.75 a pot i opted to go for the standard early grey at a 1 less!  our drinks arrived prompty and our breakfasts shortly after.  my plate was large and filled with fluffy and moist scarmbled eggs atop a thick sliced of buttered freshly made bread.  on the side of this was a number of slices of parma ham and another slice of lovely toast.  the parma ham goes so incredibly well with eggs, it has that perfect saltiness that adds such a great flavour!!!  my portion was so big i had to offer half a slice of toast to the boy as i couldn't finish it, but it was so so so tasty!!  i was also assured that the eggs benedict was very good and the very empty plate confirmed that as well.  the service at porto & fi is quick and efficient, but also friendly and welcoming.  we were in and out in an hour, which suited us just fine as i had a hair appointment to go to but i also got the feeling that if they didn't need the table back we could have stayed as long as we wanted.  my only dislike about this place is i thought the 2.75 for a pot of tea with a tea pig tea bag was seriously overpriced.  i can buy a box of 80 tea bags for that price!!  it's a small thing and would hardly stop me from going, but think it is something they should think about especially as the rest of the menu is quite reasonably priced.
On dalkieth road, previously known as the crags. A  total transformation  - great wine list, by the glass or bottle.20 for a bottle of champagne on Friday. Extensive menu - steak, game, fish & daily specials. All within a contemporary scottish hunting lodge theme. One to visit.
The refurbished Salisbury Arms (formerly a Scream pub) has had a stylish makeover. The do an excellent value light lunch with plenty of friendly staff on hand to help with choices. When the sun is out, their terrace is a great little spot.
So far, so good  with this reincarnation of the student pit, I mean pub, The Crags.  As they're just getting up & running, I'll keep this brief and I'll post a further review after future visits.    They offer a nicely varied menu, with options for a 2 or 3 course prix fixe meal. The service looks to be off too a smooth start, with a friendly, competent staff.  This is a convenient location for the many guesthouses in the Mayfield area, as well as convention/university visitors from the Salisbury Green Hotel & Pollock Halls.  Our food was just fine, if not spectacular.  Husband enjoyed his fish & chips, but was jonesing for the roast platter another in our party was devouring.  I had the french onion soup, but did not enjoy the extra rosemary flavor.  For my main I ordered the vegetable tarte, which was unusual but tasty -- onions, olives, roasted vegetables with a basalmic reduction glaze.  We did not dine en famille, but  SA does offer a children's menu and children may eat in the dining area at any time of day.   The renovation is lovely, it's a beautiful space, but don't go expecting a pubby atmosphere.  The corporation (Mitchells & Butlers) that owns this owns 3000+ other properties and it shows in the manufactured charm.  But it's still a pleasant place to dine, drink & visit with friends.   As we can see the back of our house from their patio, we'll be there often!
The Salisbury Arms is not only near my flay, but also everything I could ask for from a Scottish pub/restaurant. I might be being a bit generous in giving it 5 stars, but I just love it so!  It is apparently fairly newly refurbished, and it shows. The dcor is exactly what you'd expect from a typical Scottish pub in the highlands. Inside there are the stereotypical antlers on the wall and the open fire with a number of big cosy brown leather sofas. All that's missing is a tartan carpet. It is beautifully decorated, so clean, cosy and inviting. It is also deceivingly huge inside. Although it is open plan, it is nicely sectioned off into the different areas to retain the cosy atmosphere.  The staff are so lovely, friendly and chatty. When we went in it was clear they were very busy. Nonetheless, we were advised to take a seat at the bar while they waited for someone to leave so we could have a table for dinner. She said this might be about half an hour and after this she came over for a chat, said there wasn't a free table but we could sit at a big round table and share it with another couple, which we did, and it was pretty fun!   After dinner, we sat back on a sofa and played Scrabble, they have quite a few board games dotted around the place.  Overall, there is very little I could fault and i can't wait to go back soon!
Went here for lunch on Friday with my parents. Now I used to come hear on an almost daily basis when I was a student, and it was called The Crags, it was cheap and scummy and everything a student dive should be  However since it'd changed I didn't quite know what I was expecting. We wandered in and I was initially impressed. The decor is done REALLY well. It looks good and it really impressed initially. However we sort of hung around and the staff just ignored us so I sat us down and waited..... nothing.  Saw a pile of likely looking menu's over on the bar by THREE members of staff who were chatting so I made my way over and grabbed some. Noone bothered to come and take a drinks order or food order so father dearest went to the bar to order. A beef burger, lamb burger for me and father, Mother ordered some soup and a salmon sandwich.   It wasn't very busy, it was a Friday Lunch time, and it took 45 minutes for this food to arrive, well the burgers and the soup did, the chips were down..... and cold(ish) certainly had been prepared some time before the rest of it. In a town where burger is fast becoming the plat de jour for those seeking a gastro-pub experience, they need to try harder here. The Burgers themselves were actually VERY good so you've gained points there.   My mum really enjoyed her soup and the sandwich looked incredibly elegant and well dressed when it arrived  (it was in the scandanavian open style)   Anyway. It was pretty darn expensive, with drinks, coffee's and all else considered, but I liked the ambiance. Staff need a bit of a kick up the arse and they need to figure out if they are a pub or a restaurant. On the way out my mum and dad spoke to a lovely waitress who I imagine would have made our entire visit much more pleasant if she'd been serving us so maybe next time!
Had me at hello.  To think I may never have ever came here, given that its past incarnation, The Crags, had been one of my favourite bars around the town a few years back. It was only through a chance conversation with a Sheep's Heid waitress that alerted me to Salisbury's existence.  The sister restaurant to the Sheep's Heid Inn, I would argue that the Salisbury Arms is more like the tougher big brother! The menu is the same as Sheep's Heid however as Salisbury houses a larger kitchen, it has the advantage of including the Heid's more popular specials as part of their regular menu, also allowing them three times the daily specials the Heid can manage. Three times as many!  The building intself is a sturdy old townhouse built of bricks, muscle and brawn. The inside has been decked out in the manner (or manor...?) of an old American winter cabin, complete with antlers on the walls and blazing fire classily located in the centre of the room. Very swish.  My last visit saw me dine on Roast Duck with Potato Dauphinoise, Butternut Squash, Curly Kale and Rosemary Sauce (see photos). Putting the unbeatable Mark Greenaway duck to one side, this is Edinburgh's duck silver-medallist. Abolutely melt in the mouth, generous portions, amazing combination of flavours. It was love. Can't stop talking about it.  Jennie opted for the gammon, a meat I would rarely select from a menu, and even that rocked the boat, steering clear of the usual thin round of meat, instead presented thick-cut and juicy, with chips that required a knife and fork themselves! Immense.  The old bar area is still intact with the addition of board games and live music on the weekends, all combining to make this an excellent location for a chilled out evening, or even a pre-going out meal.  If the food was rubbish I would moan about the prices, but my duck was worth every penny of the 15 asking price. And from the other dishes I've been lucky enough to try, they've all been worth the cash. The staff in turn are warm, friendly and sociable on all the right levels.  Absolute winner. Joey's Top 5 without question.
Yelp Christmas Dins!!  I am giving this 4 stars for a few reasons. Firstly the staff. They did well given they had to feed 30 of us and 3 courses. They maintained composure and were friendly. Secondly we didnt recieve mulled wine as promised however they did offer us a glass of champers each - fine for me!! Thirdly the meal was pretty tasty!!  I ordered the salmon - tasty and their was plenty!! some butter with the bread would have been nice, but once one of the Yelpers asked the waitress promptly brought some out. I chose Pork Belly for main, they pork fell apart and was not dry at all, as pork sometimes can be! Yum! I finished with Creme Brulee for desert, not the best creme brulee ive had but it was good! and two little cute amaretto biscuits topped it off! I liked the inside and the mix of sofas and chairs & I think it would be very nice to go in a smaller group. So 4/5 for effort !! And I look forward to popping in sometime in the future. Thank you Jen for organising !! x
i originally knew this location as the crags, a rather popular bar with students as they offered pound a pint mondays and were only a short walk from the pollock halls campus.  however, i was quite pleased to see it had been re-born into a gasto-pub like you'd find out in the country.  so i was very much looking forward to the Yelp xmas dinner here, but left feeling somewhat disappointed.  on arrival i was super impressed with how nice the place had been done up!  loads of neutral colours and big comfy sofas and fire places and such a nice cosy ambience.  however, when we inquired after the table we were told it wasn't set up as the booking was for 7:30pm not 7pm...  a bit strange but we sat on some cosy sofas while we waited and were then shown to a table.  we'd all pre-ordered so no need for menus and food started to arrive shortly after we had sat down and been poured some wine.  i had the smoked salmon to start with and it was very nice although i could have used some butter to go with the brown bread that was on the side...  this was followed by the turkey which i found to be incredibly tough and dry to the point i left most of it on the plate.  the roasted veg was fairly nice, but the roasted potatoes were a disappointment as they were two huge pieces of potato that had almost zero taste to them... not what a roastie should be :(  my meal was completed with a slice of chocolate walnut cheesecake that i found very nice, but i'm fairly sure this was bought in instead of made on site.  i also found the service a bit off during the meal.  we had one waitress that was so lovely and trying her best to make sure everyone was happy and had what they needed.  however, the food was brought out at such strange intervals!  where the turkey main courses were served a good ten minutes after everyone else had received their main.  meaning either people waited and started in on cold food or they were done by the time the person across from got their meal.  and then there was the mulled wine fiasco which is better sited in Jenny L's review....  overall, i wasn't impressed.  the reason this place got 3 stars instead of 2 was because we were a large party so maybe if this was a smaller gathering off their normal menu then the food and service would have been better.  will i go back after my experience, maybe but i certainly won't rush back.
The Salisbury Arms was the venue of choice for the Yelp Christmas Dinner - no small feat. 30 hungry Yelpers looking for a homely, cosy venue and a delicious festive feast. The night itself was wonderful, everyone brought so much Christmas spirit, and largely due to the lovely Yelpers who came I had a wonderful evening.  I do have mixed feelings on The Salisbury Arms generally though. I really want to like it, and I'm going to come back to try it again when it's not a large table of 30 dining from a fixed Festive menu. But I fear that the large table and repetitive menu didn't show them in their best light.  The venue itself is beautiful, the perfect setting for a warm, wintery dinner. A fire, big couches, tall ceilings, antlers on the wall. Very nice, couldn't fault it really.  We had one waitress who was very, very lovely and trying her darndest to make sure we were happy. The table wasn't read when we arrived as she thought it was 7.30pm, not 7pm. No biggie. We're all happy to mill with drinks.  However, my one real negative point is this. I pre-ordered 2 glasses of mulled wine for each Yelper as a Festive treat. It was on the pre-order menu, so I duly put down the quantity and all was ok'd when I handed in the pre-order sheet 2 weeks before and paid the deposit.  After the Starters arrived I realised there was no mulled wine. When I enquired I was told that they had none. Oh. But isn't that the point of a preorder? I was then told by the Manager that they've never had Mulled Wine on the menu. Ever. THey've never served it, so why did I order it? Because it was on the pre-order sheet. Oh, that's odd. That's a mistake. THey have mulled cider instead. Oh great can we have that? No, because we've run out. Oh..... Awkward pause. Well it's they're mistake that they included an option on the pre-order sheet that they never had to serve in the first place, so they comp'd us a glass of champagne each. Fair dos.  They did resolve the issue on the night, yes, but only when i chased it up. What gets me is they didn't check the pre-order sheet before the meal (when they had it for 2 week before) and call me to say they had made a mistake. They didn't even tel me on the night when they knew they didn't have any, or take me aside to explain. They just didn't say anything that was fully their mistake. So it was resolved, yes, but I was made to feel foolish when really I had followed instructions exactly. As an events organiser, managing a table of 30 people with different food intolerances, allergies, requirements, and getting the order exactly right isn't the easiest (although I do love seeing everyone so happy!) So things like this really do get to me as it makes it so much harder for me, and I know it would have been easy to resolve with a check of the pre-order sheet and a phone call.  Anyway, rant over. It really bugged me. But regardless, we still had a lovely meal. The food was 50/50 at points. The turkey came wrapped in bacon (YES!) but was a little dry (boo). The brie starter was epically big (YES!) but the desserts all tasted bought-in and the Yule log tasted dry, and was the tiniest slice I've ever seen. I would have cut myself a bigger slice from a Cadbury's shop-bought Yule log and enjoyed it more.  I will go back to the Salisbury Arms to try their food when it's less busy, less hectic. However, I do hope they might improve their communication between staff and work out their large booking, pre-order system a little better. It's basic logic. Why take a pre-order if you don't then check it and ensure everything is in place?  So yey for the Yelp Christmas Dinner! Thank you to all the lovely Yelpers who came, and bringing the Festive cheer. We ate, we were merry and it was a lovely evening largely thanks to the company and the ambience of the Arms. Hurrah and ho ho ho.
Visited last Sunday for the Yelp Christmas dinner. I agree with the mixed feelings some other reviewers hadve . I was looking forward to a meal as ordered and presented by our organiser. (no mulled wine) But misgivings aside.  I am impressed with the cosyness of the place and the large (lounge?) bar area were we met up just before dinner. The food was OK. The definate winner was the full wedge of breaded brie - well prepared and just right in the oozingness of melting cheese. yummy! The steak was a dissapointment, well cooked, but lacking flavour and many fatty bits (I couldn't recall ordering a certain cut so this may be down tomy own misplaced expectations.) the sauce (peppercorn) was bland. The fries were thin cut and crisp. Dessert for me was a chocolate nutty cheesecake - good texture - no flavour.   In all I was left a bit wanting for more satisfaction out of my meal.   The service was friendly and efficient and great credit to the waitress who kept our glasses topped up with wine - she was very good and very helpful.  It wasn't a memorable evening for the food, but I met some great people and the place was good to actuallybe able to talk. It wasn't noisy at all eventhough many people were there.  The tables and space supplied was well suited - nothing crammed in corners to fit the number as you sometimes see at other establishments.  For that I say it is well suited for a group.   Must indeed visit with a smaller group to see a difference.
After hearing loads of rave reviews, and receiving a voucher for a free bottle of champagne (real champagne) for my birthday, I was keen to try The Salisbury Arms.  I had never been to the original incarnation so had nothing to compare it to, but I enjoyed the muted, modern and very Scottish interior.  We had arrived about 30 minutes before our booking and were offered our table right away.  Our waitress was lovely and attentive and very quick at getting out food and drinks.  We started with this seriously tasty bread full of a cheese/onion/tomato mix and served with olive oil and a fantastic sweet vinegar.   I was impressed with the price range of dishes - ranging from about 8 to 20, it really allows the diner to find something good in their price range.  Two of our party opted for the chicken, one for a lamb burger, and The Man and I both went for surf and turf - his being steak and prawns and mine being pork belly with black pudding and scallops.  Everyone seemed happy with their dishes, except me.  My dish without scallops was 13.95.  With the scallops it was 17.95.  When it arrived I was disappointed to see two tiny sad looking scallops and was even more disappointed to bite into them and find that they were gritty.  Tasty, but very gritty.  So, I paid 4 for tiny gritty scallops.  The black pudding with my dish was the kind you would get from Tesco on the cheap (I'm a black pudding lover and therefore very picky).  The pork belly was very moist and tasted lovely, but not cooked long enough for the fat to properly thin, so I was left scraping layers of fat to the side of my plate.    The 10 dessert platter was good value, and once we polished this off we moved to the bar.  Stuffed from our meals we opted for spirits and the guys decided they fancied some rusty nails.  When we ordered these, the bartender asked "what's a rusty nail?"  What kind of bartender in Scotland doesn't know what a rusty nail is?  Oh that's right, a bad one.  We opted for whisky instead and somewhere in the middle of getting together our drink orders he got distracted and stood for about 10 seconds just staring at a group of girls who had just come up to the bar.  He then explained that it's difficult for men to multitask, especially around women.  Um, what?  I couldn't tell if he was distracted because he thought they might cause trouble, or because he was admiring their scantily clad arses.   So all in all, a pretty varied experience.  I'm glad we finally tried it, but... I don't see us returning in a hurry.
Having read all these lovely Yelpers' reviews I have been desperado to sample some Salisbury Arms grub for aaaaages. So after months, the wait was over and I was positively giddy with excitement. And as i skipped through the door, my first impressions were good: clean, nice decor and not an open door in sight. There was an impressive menu on offer and we were served quickly and without any problems.  Now, I sometimes find when you're really looking forward to something, it can end in tears and disappointment. Luckily, this didn't happen on this occasion. We were a big table of toddlers, kiddies and adults and have to say our waitress was brilliant and possibly had the patience of a saint. The bloody Mary was pretty decent and my surf and turf was ok - not exceptional and could certainly done with being a bit warmer but tasty. My fellow diners didn't exactly shout about their grub but there was lots of nodding and uhmmmm-ing when I asked. Looking forward to the next time!
When I walked in here I loved it immediately - the stylish decor made it so inviting, cosy and relaxing and I instantly envisioned many more happy visits here. There is a dining area and separate seating area of sofas, tables and chairs to enjoy a drink/nap on; cosy fire, lovely mood lighting and various paintings of Scottish nature and artefacts hanging from the wall. I  felt as though I could have been in Scottish country house hotel and so I would refer to it as my little get away when I want away from the Edinburgh city buzz.  I attended the Yelp Xmas meal which initially I enjoyed but if I was to deconstruct it I would say: I was impressed by my starter of brie - a whole chunk dressed with apricot sauce - delicious! Thankfully my main course tasted better than it looked - pork belly with smash potato and cranberry sauce slapped on the side sitting in a greasy looking gravy and perched on top was an onion ring - i was missing real veggies here (maybe I missed those details on the menu) so I stole a sprout from the plate next to mine. For dessert it was Yule-tide log with berries and this looked better than it tasted -  a little smaller than I expected and the log was rather dry.   However I wasn't put off and definately want to come back and eat here again as I have heard so many good things about the food and the look and feel of the place had me when I first set foot inside.
I've been to The Salisbury Arms five or six times and thought it was time for a review.  This is the kind of place you really, really want to like. It's off the beaten track of Clerk Street, tucked away off Dalkeith Road opposite the Commonwealth Pool. The venue has the feel of an old country house (from the outside) and the inside is pleasant high end gastropub decor. This makes for a great tasteful atmosphere, if a little corporate (it is a chain after all).  Service and food is completely hit or miss unfortunately. An unsuspecting customer might get enthusiastic, attentive service or similarly might spend the night dolefully trying to catch the eye of staff and finally give up, taking bank card dutifully to the bar to pay off the bill.  I've never had the fish and chips there but my friends have and always complain that the batter is very greasy. I've had the soup there too. The waitress said it was carrot & coriander but I was brought a plate of something that could only have been tomato or minestrone. It was so acidic I could barely eat it. Recently I've been there and had sausages and mash with onions. It was good tasty comfort food and given previous experiences I was satisfied. However, a couple of weeks ago my friend and I tried the House Tasting Platter (chicken & duck liver pate, fishcake, soup (almost inedible again!) ciabatta, goat's cheese, pork belly and brie). When it came I regretted ordering it because the food seemed like a strange combination and was pretty fatty. We left a good half of the platter, not because we were full up but because some of it was not appetising.  Apart from the food, the venue is great for large drinking groups. There's plenty of room and a variety of beverages/spirits to choose from. Cocktails are a little overpriced. The whole menu/pricing system is a little overpriced for what you get. Kids are welcome (some might say too welcome!). If you go there through the day for a quiet drink with a friend you might be met with a wall of noise (of the baby variety).  You might ask why I keep going back? Well, it's the only place in the area that has disabled access/toilet. I just wish they would get a handle on the food and service. __________________  Wheelchair access: There's a large car park with one or two disabled bays and flat access into the venue with a disabled toilet. For some reason part of the dining section is up some stairs but the main part is downstairs and flat out onto the decking and outdoor tables.
Mmmm...  To be fair, I had a light breakfast and was deprived of lunch today.  Dinner here was a bit late, too.  That being said...  The chips were the absolute best I've had in the UK, so far.   The fish was also the best.  The cheese duo to start with was really good, especially the onion cheese, which ever it was.  The beer was good ("bitter and twisted").  Dessert was good too ("The Sampler").  Above all, the waitresses were. Cheerful and helpful.  Given I've been a week in Scotland with no scotch, I asked for two very different, but good, single malts.  The bartender came out to ask what I was looking for.  Ultimately, she decided that Laphroaig and the Edinburgh malt (Glenkinchie) would be the selections.  But that is beside the point.  The point is that she took the time to come out and talk to me about my request, even if briefly.  Excellent customer service!  The bill was better than expected, given the feast we ordered.  5 stars
Despite being opposite Edinburgh University's main halls of residence, the Salisbury Arms, with its subtle, rustic elegance and light, spacious dining area, is a far cry from the Bar's previous incarnation, popular student hang-out The Crags.  The menu has an extensive range of starters, manins and desserts, the highlight of these is the house sharing platter is a fresh and zesty homemade salsa verde which accompanies roasted fig and prosciutto. The Fish tasting platter is also good but the tortilla crisp feel a bit greasy making you not enjoy it as much. It needs a fresher element. Also they have recently added a crab pie whisch actually is just down right odd! The usual a la carte menu has a huge range of choices on it plus, there are various weekly specials on offer such as the Sunday-Thursday 'School-night Supper' or the fish and champagne themed 'Fin and Fizz Fridays'. However, coming under the umbrella of the Village Pub and Kitchen Group, the Salisbury Arms does seem a bit uniform, which detracts from the 'local pub' image they try to promote. Also I do have to note that the quality of the food does need a bit of work on the whole as it is just missing being a great place. Pub quiz on a Tuesday is a must and really good fun though the competition is very fierce! So great pub, cozy warm atmosphere but sort out the average food please!!
Despite the stunning lack of originality in the naming department this is a bar that Leith Walk has been in need of for some time. Quieter in terms of atmosphere than the likes of Boda etc. you feel under no pressure to neck as much booze as possible and stumble out into the night  chilling out in the comfy, dark wood surroundings is fun enough. Given the larger premises there is a larger range of drinks available than at the Drummond Street branch so the opportunities for trying something new are greater. Innis & Gunn's new Rum Cask brew goes down well at around the 3 mark (7.4% so plenty of bang for your buck) and they also stock a couple of Stewart's bottled products as well as a bunch of others. I can see myself going here quite often in the year ahead. The tortilla pizzas on the menu are a great invention & the Monday night quiz makes for an enjoyable start to the week.
New place taken from the other Brass Monkey in the Newington area.  It has a casual and friendly atmosphere with good beers on draught.  Recommended.
Many an Edinburgh pub finds its way into the hearts of its clientele and the original Brass Monkey, just off South Bridge, is firmly in that category. Curiosity and some trepidation accompanied news that there is now a second pub to carry the name: an expansionist policy from an old familiar with unique charms? Fortunately much of the atmosphere and character has travelled well and this is a lovely place to sit, drink and meet old friends.  The staff were friendly, relaxed and there were plenty of hands on deck. Plenty of drinkers too, but without making the place feel as crowded as the original can quickly become. A wide selection of drinks, Monster Munch and who knows what else are available - I'm told that the tradition of showing films has also made it across town.  Well worth a visit and a fine addition to Leith Walk, mid-way between Joseph Pierce's and Boda.
Can I count myself as a pub quiz regular at this place after going twice??? I darn well hope so!! And I plan on going back.  If anyone has my read my review of The Brass Monkey on Drummond Street you will know how much I love it........ and I love this one just as much. They are extremely different, first of all the toilets here - not same sex, and much nicer!! But it has exactly the same atmosphere as the one in town, friendly, local and welcoming. But it is much bigger and has quite an extensive food and drinks menu. Apparently they have over 60 different beers, good times!! The quiz is always good fun and would quite like to go when it ain't quiz night, if it wasn't such a trek from my flat/town!   The only issue I had was the difference in the price of drinks. I tend to have a desperado, Drummond Street - 3.35 (roughly), Leith Walk - 2.75. Just make it one or the other.... for the sake of consistency.
Why hello Mr Monkey, you are looking awfully fine tonight.  Wow, was I blown away when I walked in here. I've been to the original Brass Monkey in the Old Town a few times, and was expecting something much the same. The Old Town Brass Monkey is a traditional pub, a bit creaky, shared men-and-women toilets, a bit sticky but still nice with friendly staff and kept-up well.  This Brass Monkey, however, has a style that I like a lot. It still has the dark wood and familiar feeling of a local, but it is just...so...nice. I mean, wow. It is a new bar and it feels new, but not shiney or soulless. There's huge armchairs for big groups, wee high tables, a big bar which meant there were never any awkward crowds or queues, and it really is huge inside so we didn't struggle at all to find a table and sofa combo for our party of 6. You could easily get a party of 12 around the corner tables.  It's just...nice here. Really. Even the toilets almost took my breath away, for the right reasons. They're absolutely stunning! Can't really describe why, you need to see them for yourself. But very well maintained, beautifully decorated with class and style.  The style of this place is traditional, but with the finesse of a nicer bar than a 'boozer'. The staff are really friendly and efficient, glasses were cleared but they weren't in our face.  Oh and the food, Kerrin R's burger looked too good. They have burgers, pizzas, sandwiches and do breakfasts. Along with a Sunday Hangover movie at midday. Um...yes please.   If I were closer this would so become my local. In fact, I want it to be my local now. I don't have a local in Edinburgh and this could be it -and it doesn't even do cocktails. Those who know me know what a sacrficie it is to choose a bar that doesn't do cocktails as my local, but the Brass Monkey has persuaded me with its comfy couches, tasty food, nice staff, beautiful surroundings, great pub quiz on a Monday night and all right awesomeness.   New favourite pub? I think so.
I don't want to talk about how much I like this place. It's kind of like being attracted secretly to your boyfriend's younger brother. You would never, ever seriously consider cheating on your boyfriend with his brother... but on occasion, when you have had a couple of glasses of wine with the family, you make an overt sexual reference in front of the whole table about how you'd trade... and oops - AWKWARD.   I crush on this Brass Monkey big time, but it's not loyal, trustworthy and right around the corner like the other Brass Monkey.   Sure it sells food, but do you really care?   Sure, it has Brooklyn Lager for 3 pounds... but you can live without Brooklyn Lager if you have a local where you know all the bartenders and you can stroll in hungover.   Sure, it's a LOT more spacious and comfy and more adorable Aussies frequent it... but what's that when you've got the same warm loving person in your bed every night - FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE... sorry, I'm crossing analogies.   You get the point. This place is awesome. But not enough awesome to pull me away from the original. If you live a block from BM - Leith I assume you'll feel the same way about my Brass Monkey.
I have always been a fan of the original brass money, so have been looking for an excuse to check out the new one and finally got around to it.  While the original had a fair few flaws, it had a great character and feel about it.  The new one manages to keep the character and charm, but irons out many, if not all of the niggles.  This new one in Leith is much, much bigger than the original, with plenty of space for  people to sit, plenty of space for people to move and plenty of space for people to get served at the bar.  It would cater just as well for a couple having a quiet drink to a large crowd looking to have a catch up.  I went around lunchtime and while it was quiet, it didn't feel empty.  The range of comfy furniture (mainly old style chairs and sofas with big and small tables) which gave it a very homely feel.  They have a great selection of drinks, a good menu, good tunes and friendly staff.  This is definitely the kind of place that you could find yourself "stopping" in for one and then spending the day there, as they have designed it so you feel at home from the second you walk in and I will be looking forward to returning very soon.
One of the best pubs in Edinburgh, and certainly my favourite in Leith. An amazing selection of beers from around the world, great staff (and knowledgeable too, as they select the beers), cool music, and the food is outstanding (try the burgers, pizza, or cheeseboard.) All of which attracts a great crowd of friendly regulars.  It could do without the obnoxious fruit machine but that aside there really isn't anything not to like.
Want a pint in a good bar on Leith Walk without any hassle?  Look no further than The Brass Monkey.  This pub has the feel that you're still in your own living room with comfy sofas that you'll have to peel yourself off but obviously it is a bar which means no washing up or cleaning the next day:)  Friendly locals, comfy atmosphere and fairly cheap drinks - it'd be rude not to!
Wir sind rein, weil wir am Eingang das Angebot gesehen hatten, Geld zu sparen, wenn man zwei Burger statt einen oder verschiedene nimmt. Also drinnen hingesetzt und als nach zehn Minuten noch immer niemand kam an die Bar, dort hie es recht unfreundlich: Ja, aber nicht heute. Trotzdem geordert, auch Bier. Fr Bier und Ale gibts eine riesige Karte, aus der wir uns wohl das falsche Bier herausgesucht haben  denn gut wars nicht! Die Burger waren klein, fielen auseinander und hatten kaum Geschmack. Ambiente: Durchschnittlich. Fazit: Nicht empfehlenswert!
A bit overdue  Came here with other Yelpers for the pub quiz night...  Big space, comfy chairs and friendly staff! Quite lovely.  Be warned! Don't trust Google maps to get here, I was led to a random parking lot behind the bar.
Brass Monkey Leith is awesome! I love the fact that they have so many sofas and armchairs to sink into and just relax over a pint of something or a coffee. The place is very much as a living room of a 1800 Edinburgh professor with non sticky leather sofas and arm chairs, ambient lights and great variety of music from old school to present pop and rock. The staff is great and friendly and makes one feel welcome and more at home rather then away, nice.   The food is actually very creative here. Its pub food taken to another level with fresh ideas on how to make and present a hot dog, wish I had taken a picture to show it. And the cool thing is that it is the friendly chef that brings the food out to the table and as I have nut allergy it is great to get the confidence boost confirmation from the actually chef that there is no tiny way that a peanut has actively rolled around in my hot dog baguette.  Another yeah point - they have a flight of the concord poster up on the wall!!!  And the yelp pub quiz is great fun! We actually came on 3ed place this time and I can smell the victory creeping on!!!
This is a little treasure. I had always walked past it and thought it didnt  look  up to much from the outside but on entering you find an old fashioned, quirky pub full of eclectic seating sofas and chairs and is a whole lot bigger than it looks from the outside A nice comfy establishment to eat, drink and be merry!! Oh and not expensive either so you can  get ultra merry ....well it is nearly the season of jollyness :)
I attended a very enjoyable evening at Brass Monkey Leith last night.   I like the space. It's comfortable and the bar is very cool. I really like the fact that you can sit at the bar and not feel like you are in the way (on a week night at least!). I always feel that if you can do this it's a bar with good atmosphere.  We didn't have food, just a bunch of drinks, but there was a good craft beer selection which was great for me, and a decent number of wines for my drinking assistant.   The food did look excellent so I'll have to head there again at some point for a burger.  Only complaint was that there are screens at either end of the bar and that's pretty distracting if they're just showing old movies. I'm find with having a "movie night" or something but just turn em off if it's just random crap on there!
i noticed that this bar had opened almost a year and a half ago, but although it's literally at the top of my street i had never actually been to it before.  my usual haunts are generally down at the shore or the town centre, so it wasn't until i agreed to share my knowledge at a pub quiz last night that i ventured in.  from the outside it looks like this bar will be small and possibly the preferred dodgy old man style of many of the pubs on leith walk.  however, upon entering and finding my lovely group of yelpers at the back my opinion was quickly changed.  this place is huge!!  it has a lovely seating area up front, a big bar in the middle, and then more seats in the back.  the seats are mixed between tables and chairs, a booth aligning the back wall, and big sofas and comfy arms chairs that give the place a nice upmarket pub feel.  there was also a make shift movie screen on the back wall that played some 80s classics while we were there.  i ordered a greek salad and a cider for my meal during the pub quiz.  the salad came and it was HUGE!!  a full plate of lettuce, cucumber, tomatoes, red onions, olives, and feta cheese with a nice side of bread.  however, while the salad was huge and fresh the dressing lacked a bit of flavour so i opted not to eat the whole thing.  i have to say that was the only short coming of my dish as i enjoyed the fresh bread on the side and my meal came to a nice sum of 8 including a pint of cider.  they also had some nice pizzas on offer and i was assured that the nachos were very good, so i'd be happy to go back to try some other menu items.  the main star of my night was the pub quiz though!  i've only been to a handful of pub quizzes where i could hardly answer one question.  however, this one was well thought out and didn't only ask questions relevant to british knowledge.  i was proud to know about half a dozen answers when others on my team didn't.  the pub master was also quite fun and kept things going at a good pace.  it's an added bonus that the pub quiz is free so you only have to turn up and join in the fun.  definitely think i will be making a return visit to take on the pub quiz again and try out some of their other menu items!  all in all it was a solid pub and has the convienance of being a five minute walk from my flat.
.... on Friday evening place looked like a kind of students, young professional's pub which is nice surprise in the middle of Leithwalk.  ... inside: comfy seats, lots of space, 4 screens if you fancy for movie with subtitles and good selection of drinks.  definitely Im going to visit this place soon...
One of my favourite locals!  Good for food, music, films, cheap booze, monday night pub quiz, meal deals, friendly clientele, fab staff and of course the amazing Monkey Marys!  Brass Monkeys version of the hangover saviour, the best bloody mary I've ever tasted - FACT!  Introduced a lot of friends to the Monkey Mary and they are now strong fans!  Very reasonably priced at around 3.80 too!  They have everything in there: vodka, red wine, port, tomato juice, tabasco sauce, herbs, spices... lovely!  So next time your dying of the ultimate Sunday hangover, the cure is at Brass Monkey!  Enjoy!   Ok, enough of the MM, the rest of the joint is cool too!  Funky posters on wall, sultry red lights over the bar, films, music vids or rugby showing none stop, missed match furniture and a collection of board games to while away the night.  The Monday night pub quiz is also very popular and a good laugh.  We won the drinks round once!  Well worth a visit to shake off the Monday blues and continue that weekend feeling!   I love the Brass Monkey in Newington and never thought the Leith pub could measure up to it, but I'm slowly coming round to liking Brass Monkey Leith that little bit more than the orginial head honcho!  It's got more space, seating, you don't get squeezed in cues at the bar and there are better toilets!  Well done BM Leith, I'm a convert!
Great pub - could well be my new favourite local!  To be honest, I've never been to any other pubs on Leith Walk as many of them are....how should I put it....uninviting!  And I've only been to the Brass Monkey twice on a Monday for Dr Paul's pub quiz.  However, it's made an impression.  Cheap drinks - wine, beer, shots, cocktails; you name it.  And the food is not half bad either - highly recommended nachos as well as the usual pub favourites.  Then there's the awesome Monday pub quiz - starts at the reasonable time of 7pm, easy to follow format, challenging, but not ridiculously hard and most of all Dr Paul makes it highly entertaining with a bit of banter with the punters.  Music in the background was some beaut 80's hits and Wimbledon on the big screen.  What's not to love.
I think my review here is definitely due an update. Yes, it's still at  the same top-of-the-class 5 star rating. But since my first review I've been back many, many, many times and sampled many of what the Monkey Leith has to offer. Namely:  - Dr Paul pub quiz on a Monday night, 7pm. Awesome. He's a legend, brilliant banter, staff are up for it, but the neighbours upstairs hate it.  - Good pub grub. Not gastropub food, pub grub. The veggie chilli (either as is, or on nachos) is amazing! Chickpeas and beans and nom. Most recently, the filled potato skins with chicken & salsa, and houmous & feta, were really tasty.  - Friendly bar staff. Friendly customers. Generally a friendly place (where everyone knows your name. Yeah, that.)  - I'm not a big ale / beer drinker, but I know they have a lot here. Ask others who know better, but they def have a good range and lots of local stuff too.  - Movies. The Monkey pubs are known for their movie connections (not sure where that started) but they show movies all the time (admittedly with music over the top) and I think on a Sunday still properly screen a movie.  So yeah, I really, really like the Monkey Leith. It's quite different to its older brother up on Drummond Street (the original Brass Monkey). That one is more populated my students and regulars and is a vortex where you can get lost for hours drinking, with great craic. It's small and cosy and a squash at the bar.  Whereas this Monkey Leith is much bigger, huge in fact, with a massive bar but plenty room around it. The toilets don't smell, and aren't shared (referring back to the original Monkey, where they do and they are) the furnishings are new and it's really quite swish. There's loads of room, loads of comfy sofas, loads of tables. Just loads of space generally, so even if it's packed you'll still have room to yourself.  I just wish it were closer, as it's on Leith Walk so out of the way for me, but well worth the bus ride.
I always enjoy going to the Brass Monkey Leith. It's practically on my doorstep and not a bad pub to head to on a Monday for the Pub Quiz with Dr. Paul. The food is mostly quite good, I think there have only been a handful of times I was disappointed (like when the kitchen was closed randomly in the middle of an afternoon, or when they ran out of sweet potato fries). I have never been for any other events other than the pub quiz and the occasional random pint or two so I can't really rate the pub much more than three stars at the moment. Although I am a fan on facebook, I haven't really been informed as to what was happening within the pub. They have that massive screen in the back, are there ever any movie nights?  I know occasionally they also have open mike night, but again, I've yet to experience these evenings.  Overall its a nice pub, with good food, and friendly staff on pub quiz night Monday.
The Brass Monkey on Leith Walk is probably the closest thing I have to a local, not that I'm here every night or even every week, but when friends who live locally suggest going for a drink (often a birthday) it's here we end up. It's also the location of many after-work drinks for my boyfriend and his colleagues. We keep coming back, so they must be doing something right!  If I'm eating here I'll tend to go for the chilli nachos, which they usually do pretty well, although they've never been served the same way twice. The chilli most recently was a little below par, but still fairly decent for the price. The various other meals always look pretty decent, the hot dogs are big and the soup serving generous, for example. Fine dining it ain't, but it's better than a lot of pub grub and vegetarians are well served.  There's always a buzz, and the pub quiz (one of Edinburgh quiz master Dr Paul's regular nights) is a lot of fun. If we walk in here, we'll usually spot somebody that we know - for us it's that kind of place.  But it's still 3 stars, not 4. There's nothing bad about the Brass Monkey, and I like it a lot, but 3 stars is 'A-OK' and I think that really sums up how I feel about this place.
This is what my brain did to me when I entered through the front door of the Brass Monkey:  *slap* WHY! *slap* Haven't *slap* You *slap* visited the Brass Monkey before ?! *raised eyebrows + scowl* mmh?! Well? Any excuses?! *shines blinding light in face*  I am ashamed to say that I passed so many times and promised myself that I would - but I didn't - I carry the eternal shame of being late to the party. Luckily for me this 'party' is still in full swing. I may be late, but I didn't feel I missed out. (Well ..ish.. I wasted so many years that I could have used visiting this place)   I like the atmosphere, the comfy sofas, the leather Chesterfields that are obviously made for giants. All I wanted was to A: curl up on one of the armchairs B: have a beer close by and C: read a book. A&B accomplished I used my Playbook for C instead. So that was me playing games whilst curled up in a massive chair. Bliss.   I'll make a serious effort to go here more often.
Exceptional soup, and great value lunch. We'd heartily recommend a visit. We summed it up: "the Whiski Rooms is a tremendous addition to the Edinburgh lunchtime circuit. We'd recommend you head along soon, to sample their superbly superb soupy soup delights."
I had a great time at the Whiski Rooms. The food served was delicious, very nice surroundings, the menu had a great selection, and the service was also really good. The waiting staff were especially accommodating when we ordered the cheeseboard which comes with crackers-being wheat intolerant I asked if they had anything else I could have with my cheese. They were more than happy to help and brought out a plate of oatcakes for me. I really appreciated that. After our meal we made our way through to the bar next door and had one of the delicious whisky cocktails. All in all, a great night and would definitely recommend!
Great lunchtime Glenfiddich tasting session. A little cramped but wasn't really an issue.
The best ham I've ever tasted. I honestly can't lay enough praise on this restaurant. If you are sightseeing near castle Edinburgh or just enjoying a walk along the royal mile I would consider this a place worth visiting. Order any number of delicious dishes, although I'd recommend the ham haugh, haggis or tomato/basil sandwich and pair your meal with a whiskey taster. Fantastic.
I love whisky. And so when WHISKI Rooms opened up on the Mound, and I passed it day on day with all that liquid sunshine beaming out at me, I knew it wouldn't be long before I stopped in here to sample what was on offer.  The boy and I came here for a Friday evening meal. It was a lovely sunny evening and around 7.30 the place was almost full but had a really nice relaxed ambience about it, rather than rushed.  I had a craving for seafood, but didn't fancy the salmon in the mains section so asked if it was possible to have the scallops starter as a main. All they did was double up the portion size, and price, equally but this suited me fine. The boy had the soup and then the burger.  The scallops, served on black pudding, were really quite delicious. The scallops were beautifully cooked and the contrast of the crispy black pudding was just mmm. It looked like a fairly small portion (despite being doubled) - it was 6 scallops in total. But I had it with a side of the seasonal veg and struggled to finish it all. The seasonal veg was also really nicely cooked - shredded cabbage and carrots, neither covered in butter or dried out - just right.  The boy's soup was, I have to say, a little bland. But hey, you win some you lose some. Despite being a creamy soup it just lacked much flavour. His burger was epic, a giant hand-made beast with bacon and a delicious WHISKI sauce and onion relish. As far as burgers go, it was good. The chips, I am told, were a little meh. (The burger + chip combo is an important one.)  Now, the drinks. The cocktail list has a whole page (or more) dedicated to whisky cocktails. Oh yes. My favourite cocktail is a margarita. And what did they have? A whisky-rita. That's right, a margarita made with whisky. It even came in a margarita glass, salt-rimmed. I have to say a margarita with tequila is still better for this combination BUT I really enjoyed it and loved the ingenuinty and cheeky take on it. The whisky sour I had after was one of the better ones I've had in the city too.  You need to ask for the whisky menu itself, as this isn't provided as standard on the table. But when you do be prepared to get those reading glasses out. It's very long, in very small print. I'd guess at least over 100 whiskies. The boy was happy. And the one he ordered, a new Islay one we hadn't tried yet (Aird Bheag) hit the spot nicely.  The staff were really friendly, and the waitress and I had a wee laugh when she came to ask about my order just as I was taking a sample bite of the boys burger, which as I said was epic. Friendly, familiar and down-to-earth but still very attentive.  OH! I forgot to mention the chocolate mousse. A really generous serving, really quite dense and rich which was looovellly although we were both really full from our mains.  I had a really nice evening here for a relaxed post-work dinner. You could definitely rock up here straight after work and enjoy a nice meal without feeling under-dressed but it's also got some class. Due to its location and the fact its called WHISKI, serving whisky, in the capital of Scotland (whisky land) I can tell it's going to be mobbed during August. But it'll be nice to re-claim it as a local in the winter.
Be prepared for a long wait for drinks, just spent 15 minutes waiting for four drinks. We popped in for pre-dinner drinks and whilst the bar area was only mildly busy it took 15 minutes to get our first round of five drinks - the bar staff were standing around chatting rather than getting on with serving drinks. We ordered a second round half an hour before we had to leave for our dinner appointment and eventually had to cancel the order 20 minutes later despite asking after 10 minutes where the drinks were because we were in a rush.  Terrible experience and I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
Wenn man whrend des Theaterfestivals und dem gleichzeitig stattfindenden Military Tattoos nach Edinburgh kommt, muss man sich nicht wundern, dass die Stadt proppenvoll ist. Schn ist es dann, ein relativ ruhiges Pltzchen zu finden, um nur mal ein, zwei Guinness zu genieen. Das kann man hier auf jeden Fall. Der Service war freundlich und schnell, die Preise im blichen Rahmen. Der Jahreszeit entsprechend bevlkern sehr viele Touristen den Pub, aber soll ich mich beschweren? Bin ja auch einer
With Yelp as our guiding light in all things food and drink this place provides one of the most divided selections of reviews that I've seen on the site. To justify my two meagre stars:  Yay! - big range of whiskies - central location - appealing decor  Nope - service is so slow - seriously, haven't they picked up the message - people are WAITING! - I had a straight whisky, though friends had a cocktail that they failed to finish as it just wasn't very nice, which is something of a failing in a cocktail that you've paid a fair whack for  So, if you're in the city and looking for a drink - particularly an unusual or exclusive whisky - then this is just the place for you, so long as it's just about empty.
I took a friend who was visiting from out of town here for dinner on a Saturday night. We were looking for good food, relaxed atmosphere and we weren't disappointed. We were seated in a little secluded area at the back with a view of the bar where we could enjoy our meal in peace and quiet. The atmosphere was just right, buzzy, busy but not too loud to enjoy a chat.   Service was great, a warm welcome, friendly chat but no hovering (i see others have mentioned poor service but I can only say we certainly had no complaints). And the most important thing - the food was delicious. I had the Chicken Supreme followed by Creme Brulee while my friend opted for the Steak & Merlot pie with Chocolate Cheesecake for dessert. A nice bottle of Sauvignon Blanc - perfect.  I would definitely recommend and will be returning.
A great atmosphere... A really good selection... Horrible service.
Easily understandable tasting... but probably varies significantly.
It's been a while since my last review. Two years in fact (ouch, how time flies). The first time, I liked the whisky and the burger. Not too shabby.  The most recent time, I had to wait 40 minutes for 2 cocktails, and when I received the cocktail I had two sips and put it down, sorely disappointed.  It was the midst of the Festival. But the bar wasn't busy. It was 'normal busy' not Fringe busy. I also watched the guy make my cocktail, following a recipe book step-by-step. It was just, quite frankly, a sweet, watery, syrupy mess.  For whiskies, well they have whiskies and they're nice. Although when my friend ordered one they had run out. And the suggested replacement - they were also out.  The service was so slow, and not apologetic about it at all. The cocktail wasn't great. And I know of other places to go for a whisky. So I don't see myself heading back here any time soon.
Of course since we were in Scotland, we HAD to do a whiskey tasting, and Whiski Rooms did the trick. We dropped in on a busy saturday night, hoping for a little calming effect before our haunted tour, and they made room for us.  Our bartender/server was great- we told him what whisky types we normally like, and he brought out a flight that was similar enough, but that let us try new types of whiskys. Super nice. I cant comment on the food, but, it was definitely a great stop in before our tour!
Very very good food, very happy we stumbled upon this place. If you are passing this place you have to eat here. My only problem with this place is we fou d the service rather slow but the waiting staff were really nuve and helpful. But because the food was so good I didnt mind the wait in the end
I think this is a good place that might suffer a bit from being close to the tourist strip. On a Wednesday night there were two big groups taking up a lot of staff time but we still got pretty good service.  The meals we had were of surprisingly high quality. We shared a haggis which my Scottish companion assures me was properly and traditionally made. I know what its made of but who cares? It was very tasty. Our fish and steak mains were also very good. We had an excellent bottle of Pinotage and the wine and whisky list looked good. I'd go back.
Recently awarded its first Michelin star, Castle Terrace is one of the hottest restaurant tickets in town, at the moment. We'd heartily recommend that you sample their set menu lunch, which at 24 for three courses represents excellent value.  Overall, we said: "please join the queue to go and sample Dominic Jack's exceptional food. It's an absolute joy to behold and to savour. They are highly skilled in the kitchen and it is obvious in the quality of the dishes."
My wife and I recently spent our Honeymoon in Edinburgh and our dining experience at Castle Terrace was hands down the best dining experience we have EVER had. The service was impeccable and the food was amazing. We had ordered the food tasting with the wine pairing. It was out of this world! We were in the restaurant for over 4 hours we were having such a good time!  I can not recommend this restaurant enough if you are looking to splurge and celebrate.
My short weekend jaunt to Edinburgh commenced with a lunch at Castle Terrace, a restaurant which was awarded a Michelin "Rising Star" in January 2011. Having read many glowing reviews of the restaurant, I came in with high expectations, and somehow, my dining experience exceeded these expectations. Chef Dominic Jack and his staff treated me to a fantastic meal, and I came away thoroughly impressed with the food, service, and overall experience offered by Castle Terrace.  Arriving for the 12 pm lunch seating on a rainy Saturday afternoon, I opted for the three course, 20 lunch prix fixe menu. Shortly after being seated, I was served an array of canaps which included crisp bread sticks, assorted cheese crackers, squid ink and basil pastas, and a tomato/olive cracker. The savory flavors permeating most of these small bites was a nice welcoming gesture. After placing my orders, I received an amuse bouche of tomato and basil salad with crumbled olives. Light and refreshing, this dish was aesthetically appealing as well, as the black olive crumbles, resembling finely crushed Oreo cookies, gave the appearance of fresh soil on the ground. Also, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the fantastic breads served with the meal. Given five choices - white, granary, three seed, onion, and spelt - the breads were all delicious, particularly the onion, which I had at least three pieces of.  For my first course, I opted for the Pork dish. Described as "Braised and seared Ayrshire pork belly, served with black pudding and apple," this dish was just as delicious as it was visually appealing. The pork belly had a nice char to it and was complemented nicely by the apple and jus on the plate.   My second course was the Rabbit option, and it consisted of a "Pithivier of braised rabbit from Roxburghshire, served with peas and carrots." With the pastry containing only rabbit meat and with the carrot and pea sauces smeared on the plate, the dish was sort of like a partly deconstructed pot pie. The pastry was nice and flaky, and the rabbit was nicely seasoned, albeit a bit too heavily with the salt.   I ended the meal with the Chocolate course, which was described as "Chocolate panna cotta and rice pudding, served with apricot sorbet." The pairing of chocolate with the apricot sorbet was a bit unusual, but the creamy panna cotta and rice puddings were both thoroughly enjoyable. A nice finish to the meal.  Service at Castle Terrace was impeccable, as I was treated well throughout the meal and was never made to feel rushed. In summary, the food, service, and atmosphere of Castle Terrace are first-class, and the lunch prix fixe is definitely a bargain. I actually had a more enjoyable meal here than at more well-known restaurants with more awards, and I fully expect Castle Terrace to land a Michelin star or two in the not-so-distant future.
AMAZING!!!  Recently awarded its firsy Michilin star, and its very much deserved!!. We opted for the lunch set course for 26.50 each! A real treat! I opted for salmon to start, cod for main and creme brulee for desert. We were treated to 3 little cute canapes to start, carrot and corriander amuse Bouche! We were alos given a selection of 4 fresh breads to eat..love fresh bread! Each course was a work of art and a delight on the eyes...oh as well as delicious!  After our meal, we had a latte and coffee and again were treated to another 3 little sweet treats....almond biscuit, macaroon and dark chocolate salted caramel. I took my partner there for his birthday, and they had a card written for him on the table from the chef Dominic and the team and then the waitress presented us with a small cake with a candle with 'Happy Birthday' written in chocolate!!! I will come back here for dinner sometime...possible when its bonus month!! :)
Ummmm, WOW!  Dominic Jack is amazing.    Service: was flawless.  The service was so amazing that we never actually needed anything throughout the meal.  It was like they could read our thoughts.  LOL.  The waitstaff worked as a team.  We counted 8-9 people attending to our table.  I've rarely received service as great as Castle Terrace even at the other high end restaurants that I've patronized.  Food: yummy and beautifully presented.  You really can't go wrong here.  Who knew that I would be a huge fan of Artic Char!    This restaurant really is a special treat.  I never thought I would find food this amazing in Edinburgh... glad that I was proven wrong!!!
Service was quite slow between courses. Although the staff were friendly I am not sure why the gap between courses was so long. In one case I think we waited over 20 minutes before an amuse bouche came out.  The polypore was perfect with just the right balance of ingredients and wonderful flavors. I was not too keen on the cod or the cannelloni. The cod lacked flavor and the  cannelloni was odd in both taste and texture.  Giant Polypore- Locally foraged, pan-fried polypore mushrooms served with cod cheeks, pork collar, and persillade Ravioli of Dexter beef from Blackford Farm with majoram, orange confit, and mooli Cod-Poached fillet of North Sea cod, with squid cannelloni, garlic and parsley  Venison
As I read a torrent of rave reviews here on Yelp and also on Tripadvisor, I am feeling like a bit of a neanderthal for being fairly ambivalent about Castle Terrace.  My wife certainly knows all about spending a few quid on "nice things" (she claims it is a genetic defect) but even she reckoned most things on the menu were a tad overpriced.  While some reviewers may describe the staffing as "attentive" I would call it "overbearing", as we were served by at least 4 different members of staff during our visit - personally I didn't enjoy that variety.  I also found it quite odd that on a Saturday night there was no music playing or "atmosphere" of any particular note.  Far from wanting to linger and soak up the ambiance we were actually quite keen to move on.  There was also a wee debate at the table behind us when the diners refused to vacate their table and drink their coffee/whisky outwith the dining area.  My dishes (truffles to start and then lamb) were admittedly delicious while my wife enjoyed the scallops but wasn't so taken by the chicken.  I think for the prices on the menu you are entitled to expect the overall experience to be "wow", whereas it was definitely more "A-OK".
Well what can i say... This place is faaaaancy! Amazing food, presentation, service! Slightly scary prices but then you are definitely paying for the whole experience. The staff really know what they're talking about and were able to recommend suitable wine for us to eat with our meal. I had the crab ravioli to start with and the monkfish for the main. The crab ravioli was fine, but the monkfish was fab! They are very attentive, which was fine as a one off, but I think this would personally annoy me slightly if this was always happening as it interrupts your flow of conversation. Only a small thing though. Overall I was really impressed with the whole experience.
Visiting from San Francisco, looking for great vegetarian food; we found this amazing restaurant. They had a separate vegetarian menu along with a vegetarian tasting option. We did the Tasting Option. All I have to say is Wow! The food was as tasty as it was beautiful, with service to match. Check out the wine list as well!
Castle Terrace isn't normally the kind of place we would choose to frequent.  We love great food but Michelin stars often mean something which is a bit beyond our price range and level of enjoyment.  Fortunately Castle Terrace's three course lunch is actually therefore quite a bargain (for what it is), coming in at just under 30/head.    On arrival we received three canapes which I'm actually seeing in someone else's picture - a deep fried ravioli, a mini burger and a "Cesar salad" in a bite. All good, but slightly more interesting and small than actually truly tasty. I'm also a bit surprised that they seem to have been serving the same canapes since at least the end of 2013.   Following the canapes, we were treated with a "cheesy baked potato" amuse bouche, which was absolutely brilliant.  Give me a vat of that.  Our starters were both lovely - The Man opted for the Gurnard tartare and I had the crispy Ayrshire pork, though admittedly mine was a bit on the tough/dry side. The taste was great, though.  Our mains were the highlight.  I had the Hake on Thai style veggies which was absolutely phenomenal except for the old, hard broad beans which could have been easily left out.  The Man fell in love with his squid cannelloni and thought the spelt risotto was the best he'd ever had.  Following the bites, the amuse bouche, the gorgeous warm sourdough (which I forgot to mention), starters and mains, we were pretty stuffed.  But, it's a three course set menu so might as well get desserts, right?  We also fancied coffees, so each ordered a creme brulee and an espresso.    The espresso arrived with three little petit fours which were certainly a nice touch but at that stage were incredibly overboard. Especially considering they, like the canapes, were rather nicer looking than they were tasting.  We were, therefore, rather put off by the fact that we were ultimately charged for these petit fours that we didn't order. Our bill noted that our espressos were something like 5 each, which included the petit fours. I found this quite cheeky considering we only ordered coffee and goodness sake, 5 for an espresso?  I think not.   Overall it was a very enjoyable experience. The service was attentive without being oppressive, and professional without being cold. The food was very good, but I just slightly felt overall that creativity was slightly lacking.  Maybe the lunch menu is affordable for a reason and the true stars are the full price dishes, but I don't imagine I'll ever find out.
Castle Terrace, a restaurant I actually walked by two years earlier on a previous trip sits only a few hundred feet from the castle signature of Edinburgh.  This was a proper romantic evening.  Oh sure, the girlfriend and I had enjoyed dinners before, but not like this, all dressed up the tens (way better than nines).  We took our seats in a secluded area able to be detached via curtains to the rest of the restaurant...which offered the illusion we were either special or pariahs not meant for the eyes to Edinburgh's elite.  I had already made the declaration that we would be tackling the tasting menu, an option I wished more restaurants would offer despite the intimidating price.  Flipping to the end of this tale, the meal cost me nearly $300 cdn for two, which included two glasses of wine and the additional extravagance of adding shaved truffles to my risotto...because apparently I liked the idea of eating something worth its weight in palladium.  So let me get all snobbish, pretentious, and a little patronizing, Castle Terrace didn't start the meal with an amuse bouche, rather we each received a small plate of canaps --a caper and cumin burger, a salt cod barbajuan, and a Caesar salad--all miniature bite-sized.  The latter was the most impressive, literally exploding in your mouth.  The bread which followed was served in its own toque-like bowl.  Yup, the bread came with its own adorable little hat.  The appetizer was a bizarre take on baked potato with cheese served in a ramekin.  This was shortly followed by the tartare of Loch Duart salmon served sushi-style with wasabi ice cream.  This was a favorite of both of ours--a true avant garde art piece.  The wasabi ice cream was a particular surprise.  The fourth dish was seared hand-dived Orkney scallops served with a light curry 'Castle Terrace' style.   Castle Terrace seems to revel in naming the origin of its ingredients, an attribute often seen in many high-end restaurants.  Personally I don't require it; they only exist to make the titles longer.  I don't know the importance of an Orkney scallop picked by hand over one pulled off the coast of Vancouver.  Is Orkney really that much better?    Then came the risotto made with organic spelt from Doves Farm--REALLY?  Is it that important where the grain came from?  While my girlfriend's risotto was topped by ox tongue and chirozo, mine was layered in wafer-thin truffle shavings.  It might have been more expensive, but mine wasn't as good as the one opposite of me, proof that price does not reflect value.  At this point, you would think we were done, but not, we still had three more courses to go.  The fish dish was my personal favorite--roasted fillet of North Sea (sigh) hake served with an Asian style broth poured at the plate.  The pork dish after was an immensely attractive fillet of Ayrsh--just pork, it was pork...served with braised fennel, smoked aubergine puree and basil gnocchi.  Finally the dessert was a bavarois of 'conference' pears served with a yogurt sorbet and rosemary caramel.  There were many details about the dishes I'm leaving out, like the way the pork sat in a sauce kept in place by the puree or that the broth for the hake was poured over it, sending its toppings cascading down the sides to form the ingredients of a soup.  Or how about that each dish had its own arrangement of cutlery; the fish dish was served with a large blunt knife and a trident.    Castle Terrace mixes the molecular gastronomic talents seen with Teatro but doesn't go as far in the realms of the bizarre, making each dish slightly more accessible.  The flavors were divine, marking Castle Terrace as a real jewel in the city.  Would I recommend it?  It depends if you have such money to set aside that you don't require for procuring shelter.  You have to really want such an evening, which we did.  With that out of the way, I'm not saying that you need to spend that kind of money to have a great experience in Edinburgh.  My review for Witchery was glowing and they cost barely half as much, the same goes for Shezan, which cost half THAN THAT.  Upon an inevitable return to Edinburgh, I can't see going to Castle Terrace again given so many options which would certainly cost a lot less.  But once in a life, I think everyone needs to take in a place like Teatro, Claridges, or Castle Terrace.  Pick whichever one is closer and go.  And take the girlfriend or wife, not the kids or your poker buddy.  I would also permit sister or mother because well...guilty as charged.  Is my review of Castle Terrace bias because it was a date?    Yup.    DECOR:  9 PLATING: 10 SERVICE:  9.5 FOOD:  10 VALUE:  7  OVERALL:  9.1 out of 10
What have you done to me Mr. Greenaway? The white button mushrooms I buy from my local supermarket don't really cut the mustard after that delectable truffle with beef I had last night. And now I expect all the custard I consume to release an amazingly aromatic apple-wood smoke. And my Eton Mess to be as neat and tidy as can be. After a mini-tour of 5 courses of the menu, I feel I have been spoiled in the best way possible.  Imagine my delight when I was invited to try the mini-tour menu at the new Mark Greenaway restaurant at No 12. Piccardy Place. There has been a lot of hype and buzz about this new restaurant opening in the Edinburgh foodie community, and as a bona fide foodie I had been biiding my time.  Set in No. 12 Piccardy Place, which also has a cocktail bar, secret garden and other areas, it has a retro, swish but not stuffy feel. I love the white, plastic, nouveau stags head in the reception area with the plush couch. And not least the incredibly friendly, down-to-earth and attentive staff. Huge appreciation for Nicola, the M'aitre D, and the waiter who recited every dish's full name and ingredients for us.  I was lucky enough to try the five-course mini-tour menu which was a taster of 2 starters, 2 mains and 1 dessert off the main menu. I have had to refer back to the menu on their website to recite these, and I want to make sure I get them just right so you can appreicate, through these tasty pixels, just how decadent the feast was:  - Amuse Bouche of Potato and Truffle - Loch Fyne crab canneloni, with smoked cauliflower custard, lemon pearls, beetroot mayo - Confit of Gressingham Duck leg, served in a beetroot carpaccio, hot orange jelly, raspberry dressing - Skate wing sous-vide, beetroot pure, olive mash, crispy squid - Roasted and poched fillets of beef, braised beef shin potato gratin with truffles and mushroom - Mark's Eton Mess   (Photos but all of the skate dish are uploaded, I think I got too excited and ate it before I could snap.)  My particular favourites were the duck terrine and the skate wing. Duck terrine can often be very fatty and pat-esque, but this was mainly pure duck meat wrapped in a beetroot carpaccio, with some delicious warm orange jelly. Orange and duck is always a winning combination but it was really nice to try something new with the combination, rather than just an orange sauce or the actual fruit.  The skate was just tender deliciousness. I've never had skate and am now a fan - delicious, tender, meaty fish. And the olive mash, which plentiful, was my favourite side on all the dishes.  The first starter of crab wrapped in raviolli served over a warm glass bowl of apple-wood smoked cauliflower custard was certainly the most eye-catching, and sensory dish, of them all. I'm not a huge fan of very creamy things and there was certainly a lot of creamy custard. But the effect of lifting the top dish releasing the waft of apple-wood smoke was quite magical. After we'd had ours, throughout the rest of the evening we could faintly smell when someone else had just opened up theirs. Very good fun, tongue-and-cheek presentation for beautifully cooked food.  It was a grand treat to be able to try 5 different courses off the menu, and I do look forward to returning to have a full serving of a main. The beef with mushrooms and truffle was just divine. Oh my goodness I could eat truffles every day.  This is definitely somewhere to come for a very nice meal, that is a treat or a special occasion. I noticed the fixed price two courses for 16 Market Menu which looked like really good value and a fantastic way to try some of the finer food in the city.  Unless your tastebuds are a bit wack, I can't imagine anyone turning their nose up at the culinary feast at Mark Greenaway. Quite the opposite - our whole table dived into the mini fish-bowl of custard to appreicate that apple-wood smoke as best we could. That's some ingenius, innovative but still tasty cooking.
Mark Greenaway better be careful or he may find a Jen-shaped object that has become a permanent part of the furniture. (Except it wouldn't just be Jen-shaped, it would actually be me.)  I am a little lost for words about how to sum up all the immense foodie love for Mark Greenaway - and for those that know me, leaving me speechless is no easy task.  This is sumptuous, refined dining but without the uncomfortable pomp. You can't deny that fine dining is often accompanied by a certain air, slightly subdued and more civilised than the local gastro-pub. Yes this is warranted, as people sit in hushed awe at the delightful dishes they are about to enjoy. But sometimes this can drift more towards an arts-for-arts sake approach to dining. I adore good food. I love an excuse to sip a cool crisp Chardonnay and linger over a 4 hour meal with amuse bouche, petit fours, coffee, then whisky. I also do like to be a little fancy. But I don't want to feel uncomfortable and that I need to 'fit in'.  Mark Greenaway is a wonderful restaurant that has the hushed tones and calm atmosphere of the more sophsiticated diners but is so approachable, genuinely warm and friendly, and the menu accesible that it pretty much ticks all my boxes.  The menu is quite wonderful. I dined here most recently with the Yelp Eats menu, which was a prix fixe menu. Even with the more limited menu I was already spoiled for choice. Pork Belly or Skate Wing? Belly or Wing? I ended up going for the Langoustine Broth with Caviar for a starter, and Skate Wing Sous Vide with olive mash and squid as my main.  Our party were first treated to the Amuse Bouche. A small mouthful of creamy heaven to whet our appetite. The thing I love about the food here, apart from how happy it makes my taste buds, is the sensory treat it provides. My broth arrived as a large bowl of foamed broth with some caviar peeking out the top. After delving in I found one large raviollo on a bed of spinach with the langoustines inside. Creative presentation, that has more than a little fun to it, but still as delicious as any.  The Skate Wing I had already tried at my previous taster tour menu. At my last meal it'd been a moderate portion, as I was eating three other mains. However, I didn't quite expect to receive such a generous portion this time around - but that is certainly no complaint.  Have a look at my uploaded photo. The most tender, juicy piece of skate wing rolled up served with the most light olive mash (far lighter and cleaner on the palate than a tapenade), and some teasingly delicious bits of fried squid. Despite that both my plates were fish, and quite light, I was hugely satisfied and very well fed.   Whilst none of us went for dessert, imagine my joy at being presented with some beautiful platters of petit fours. As Kevin L described one as '1000 calorie ants on a log", very tongue in cheek, but there was one particularly dense, rich, heady dark chocolate truffle that I had a tiny bit of...then went back to finish that, and another, it was too good. And that little bite of white chocolate that turned out to be lemon meringue pie in chocolate form. Oh my. It is a good thing there was only one within my reach!  The dinner lasted for 4 1/2 hours and at no point did we feel it had stretched on. The atmosphere at Mark Greenaway invites you to luxuriate in your surroundings, take your time over your meal, and enjoy good conversation in beautiful surroundings.  Words cannot do it justice. The food is just out of this world and a cut above the rest. This is somewhere I will come for a special occasion, but also perhaps for a mid-week treat meal. Like I said, it ticks all my boxes and for that I am a huge fan.  Now, can I justify skate wing sous vide for a mid-week lunch?!
Seriously blown away by the quality of the dishes! The Yelp Eats menu offered brilliant choices and excellent value. We summed it up: "Mr Greenaway has his place buzzing. The food is of the most exceptional quality, the service spot on, and the restaurant a real upgrade on how they've had that room layed out in the past. We were delighted that their participation in the Yelp week compelled us to visit. We'll be back and we'll be back often."
Fellow Yelper Geoff K and I decided to take advantage of the great Yelp dinner offer going on this week to try Mark Greenaway's restaurant.  I've been meaning to try his fine dining for a while now, after reading so many good reviews and this was the perfect opportunity to sample some of his fine dining at an affordable price. We had booked a table for 7.30 pm and when we arrived, the lovely lady at the reception took us to our table, which was a nice corner table. We were quite surprised that the restaurant was so quiet, but I guess it is mid term holiday this week, and it was a Tuesday.  I have to admit that I felt a bit self conscious as we were the only ones in the room but our hostess was lovely and chatty. We ordered our food and as we had both opted for the pork as a main and were a bit uncertain about the wine, we were recommended a reasonably priced Pinot Grigio.  After a very short wait, we were brought a delicious pea and mint amuse-bouche.  I love when restaurants do that.  It's very common in France but you only seem to get it in fine dining places in Scotland. That was certainly a lovely start to the meal. For starter, G had gone for the terrine and after hesitating all day between the cullen skink and the ravioli, I opted for the ravioli.  I do love cullen skink but this was too good an opportunity not to try that delicious sounding dish! Both starter plates looked very pretty and were a pleasure to the palate. The main course then arrived.  I had been looking forward to that slow cooked pork all day and it certainly looked as pretty as it tasted!  The crackling is just soooo good with a little bit of salt. Divine! Now, I did say on twitter that I would have liked the texture of cooked apple with it, but that's probably just because I'm French!  The dish is fantastic and the puree and the jus were very delicate and delicious.   Our waitress was very attentive and the service was quick. We were offered pudding but didn't opt for it as we were feeling full and were left to finish our bottle of wine. I haven't mentioned that the restaurant is nicely and tastefully decorated, the lighting is quite low, which make a pleasant and intimate atmosphere, and I did like the background music, which was jazzy enough to create an atmosphere but not overpowering at all. I can't wait to go back, and will happily save some pennies to be able to afford the normal price! Also, I haven't found out how to add pictures to a review but I have posted the pictures to the restaurant's profile so everybody can admire the faultless presentation. Hats off Mr Greenaway, and thank you for partnering with Yelp!
Please someone let me give this place 6 stars..... if it were possible I would give it to this restaurant in a heartbeat. After reading all about the yelp eats deal that was going on last week and having a lookey at the menus I decided that I really wanted to go try out Mark Greenaway.... plus a certain little well known 'yelp fairy' may have recommended it to me! And Jenny....... THANK YOU!!!   This is by far the best restaurant I have been to, so far. The menu may read a little up-market and I did worry that I may stick out like a sore thumb, but not at all. The service was spot on, professional, but not to the point that they won't be friendly and have a wee laugh with you, which is just what I am after. I do not want to be served by a robot who has no intention of interacting with you in any way, that ain't my style. Then, oh, then there was the food. Presentation is impeccable! Not a single thing out of place on any plate! We both had the seafood raviolo...... delish, and not too filling. I then had the skate, with the olive mash which I was a little unsure of, olives and me, we are rare acquaintances, we do not get on. But in this case, we got on like a house on fire, the flavour complimented the skate perfectly and I devoured the whole plate. My friend had the pork belly which he ranted on about for the rest of the weekend, so I figure he enjoyed it.  And last, but by no means least...... my weakness, dessert. The chocolate fondant was calling out to me, there was no way I could not have it. I think had I not that would have been a severe mistake, I loved every mouthful of it, I could eat it every night. So I would say if you go here, have the puddings, they are more than likely to be the best part of the meal! The portions as expected are not what you would get in a hearty rustic pub, it is QUALITY over quantity, but I left feeling satisfied and grinning from ear to ear and not with that horrible stuffed feeling you sometimes get - and I had 3 courses!! Basically, the moral of this yelp eats story is simple - GO.
I'll admit, I don't know much about fine dining - a lot of the times I honestly do question the value of the meals that some establishments offer. But there are places where you do have to just doff your cap in admiration - and Mark Greenaway is one of them. This restaurant is a 5 star... and more.   Given my reluctance to try out restaurants which may break my monthly salary, Yelp Eats was the perfect introduction to MG. The quality of food, service and overall dining experience was simply superb. The service was flawless. The plateware was gorgeous, as were the wine glasses. The dining room itself muted and understated in a modern/trad style. Loved the music. I hadn't even reached the food at this point.   First up: an amuse bouche of pea and mint *frothy soup* (sorry, I can't remember the more refined term for this...spuma?) which, if I am honest, was the best part of the meal and made me sorely regret that I didn't opt for the pea and mint risotto for my main. It definitely was a tastebud tickler.   This was followed by a graciously selected slice of white rustic bread (I love good bread, so had to note it's attendence) and delivery of the mixed seafood raviolo in a langoustine broth with avruga caviar. Frankly just saying that adds a few notches to my culinary repetoire, let alone the opportunity to eat it. The presentation in a lidded deep dish added a lovely element of surprise, digging through langoustine-infused foam to reach the surprisingly large raviolo nesting on wilted greens below. The flavour of the raviolo was perhaps a little too delicate for my tastes, but the broth was lovely.   For the main, I chose, based on Jenny l.'s enthusiastic description, the skate wing, and foresaking my previous intent on the risotto. Lets be honest here, if I had had it my way, I would have had both, but sometimes life doesn't play that way. I wasn't a super fan of the beetroot puree, but the skate-wing simply dissolved away during consumption, and the olive mash was equally melt in the mouth,. The squid, which can be touch and go for me, was one of the last items on the plate along with the mash - which for me means it was the best. The beetroot crisps were an odd but pleasant sensation - wafer, melting and not what I think of when I think of beetroot.   My mum also had the ham hough, which she tucked into with gusto. Both my parents had the 11 hr slow cooked pork which was reportedly delicious and non-greasy. The spiced fillet accompaniment was also a hit.   I have to make note as well of the presentation - each dish presented was a work of art. A feast for the eyes, the nose, the mouth. In the end, we opted to pay extra for a dessert, and to make this meal last a little longer. To the table, 2 dishes of bramley apple 6 ways and one cheese plate. The apple sorbet was a revelation and a new found love. Apple crisps and puree were a lovely contrast in flavour, but the jelly was instantly forgettable for both myself and my mother. My dad enjoyed the cheeses, although the goats cheese delivered a kick worthy of a hind leg.   Overall, with the wine and dessert, we spent far more than what the Yelp Eats menu offered, but oh, what a way to go. And now, I know, MG is worth every single penny you spend there. It was an absolute treat to go there and essentially dry run the restaurant on a budget I could afford. Next time, the funds are being saved so I can revisit and dine once more in the most exquisite of styles.
Had a fabulous lunch here with a foodie friend visiting from London. Luckily it was the day before he left otherwise we probably would have been back again the next night for dinner!  Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
When word of the restaurants participating in Yelp Eats Week hit my ears, my first and foremost target was Mark Greenaway. I hadn't heard any reviews or recommendations of the restaurant; no one I knew had been. I knew vaguely of the restaurant and nurtured some desire to try it out mainly through my repeated visits of Hawke & Hunter above (and below) the restaurant. A firm favourite drinkery of mine, so I assumed their class and quality would reflect in the attached restaurant.  In short: My expectations were met.  For starters I opted for the Ham Hou--   But wait! What's this? This cheeky green concoction?  Before our starters were delivered, the waitress surprised our table with a complimentary aperitif of amuse bouche of warm pea mousse with truffle oil.  Fantastic! But wait (again)! Did you say peas?? I hate peas!  Unless, it appears, they are done like this...! I'll admit, I supped on the pea mousse out of politeness and I did not expect to like it as much as I did. But over all I was most impressed with the quality of this complimentary dish.  Must've been the truffle oil...... ;)  So for starters I opted for the Ham Hough Terrine with Red Wine Jelly, Roasted Hazelnut, Hazelnut Mayo and Toast. In a word: terrific. And an impressively attractive dish.  Next up, and the reason I couldn't wait to come to Greenaway's, I had the 11 Hour Slow Roasted Clash Farm Belly Pork with Pomme Puree, Savoy Cabbage and Toffee Apple Jus. Oh, the toffee apple jus! Anyone who knows me, knows I love my pork. Especially the belly. But this.... best belly ever! Crisp skin followed by immaculate layers of soft, moist pork, couple with the jus and the puree.  Up there in my top meals of all time based on the main course alone!  My only regret is coming for lunch, as it meant my time had to be brief. If I had come in the evening I would have paid the extra dragons for a dessert of Bramley Apple Plated Six Ways (Pie, Jelly, Crisps, Sorbet, Mousse, Soup). Alas time was against us. but there's always next time.  And Mark, be sure, there will be a next time. Looking forward to coming back and seeing the rest of that enticing menu.  Jen has since told me of Mark's enthusiasm and encouragement for Yelp. I must say, to have a restaurant of this quality on your side is a massive ally in Yelp's slow but steady world takeover bid. I only look forward to more collaborations between the two. A big thank you to Mark Greenaway for his positive stance on Yelp and moreover his incredible talent for food.
This is certainly fine dining.   My recommendation, however, if you are a foodie on a budget, is to go for lunch. You can get 3 courses for 20 or two for 16 and change. That, in my book, is a pretty sweet deal.  Parsnip soup with parsnip chips... really creamy, decadent, and warming. Winter-time winner.   Hake with herb crust, parsnip cake, butter oysters and saffron 'air.' Oysters were divine and the hake perfectly done. Herb crust was a bit intense to eat on its own, but flavoured the fish well.  Mark has done a good job of balancing fine dining with local, seasonal food, and a proper yet unsnobby atmosphere (though the other patrons seemed to be a lot of banker-types).   This experience at 20 or less per head? I'll take it.
Well it's taken nearly a week, but I've finally got around to reviewing my visit... We'd booked at table as part of the YelpEats offer (15 for 2 courses). Although the menu was different to the main one, it still certainly looked good. We arrived just before our table booking time and were shown straight to our table. The restaurant was pretty quiet, we were the only ones in our part of the restaurant, I think this was probably due to it being mid week and school holidays. Anyway I digress! The place is stunning, although I think it would be a bit more comfortable with a few more people in.  We looked at the menu, but in reality have both pretty much chosen in advance. I ordered the 'Ham Hough and Shallot Terrine' starter, and '11 Hour Slow Roasted Pork Belly' main.   Given that I haven't a clue about wine we asked the restaurant manageress (not a clue if this is the right title!) to advise us. Given that this is a very fancy place, this worried me! I needn't have been, we got a really nice bottle of white which didn't break the bank (21 I think).   First to come out was a pea and mint puree amuse bouche (I only just learnt the name). A pleasant surprise before our starter. It was nice, not my favourite part of the meal, but certainly did it's job in preparing us for the starter.  This was followed shortly by some nice warm bread, and then our starters. Visually it was great. Yet surprisingly for 'fine dining' it was fairly substantial too. It came with red wine jelly, roasted hazelnuts and hazelnut mayo.  The hazelnut and terrine was a great combination of flavours. My only suggestion would be for more of the actual hazelnuts, or for the mayo to be more strongly flavoured.  Onto the main.... Again arriving promptly the main looked just as good. As well as the belly pork there was sliced pork fillet, pomme puree (a nice creamy mashed potato for the common of us), savoy cabbage, and cubes of toffied apple.  The pork fillet was really tender and tasty, mash was really smooth (but not too much). The real winner (and my favourite bit of the meal by far) was the slow roasted pork belly. I've not seen such a uniform piece of belly pork (a perfect square with immaculate crackling), but this attention certainly didn't take away from it's substance. It was very much 'melt in the mouth' stuff! The only thing it was lacking in my opinion was salt to bring the flavour out. However unlike a lot of people, I prefer it this way so it can be added to taste. The flaked salt  (so much better than other types!) provided did the job perfectly.  So that was that then. A great deal from Yelp, but I'd certainly go back to try the full menu sometime. The staff were great; professional yet friendly and happy to chat unlike some other high end restaurants.   I've given 4 stars. I did consider 5 but I'm always reluctant to do this even at the best of times. I have no particular reason for not giving 5, but I think there's always room to improve (is there such thing as perfection).  Ok, enough of my long-winded nonsense. Give Mark Greenaway's a try, you certainly won't regret it!  Geoff
I am going to break the hearts and minds of many as I write this review.   Chide as you must - I speak only the truth.   I will first admit that I am far closer to the classless slob end of the spectrum than an appreciator of fine cuisine...  I will second admit that I came here on a 'pay what you like' night so I may have never ventured in here otherwise...  I will third admit that half the reason my experience was so shit was because everyone else was dying over their food saying it was the greatest thing they had ever tasted...  I will fourth admit that I am a vegetarian, so I have zero opinion of the duck or the quail or the lamb or whatever...  I will fifth admit that I had no idea what spelt was when I ordered it (not that I really had any choice, this was the only vegetarian option)  I will sixth admit that the desserts were more than five stars...   Now that I have explained all the reasoning behind my opinion really not mattering to you on the topic - I shall give you my opinion.   Seriously? A fucking FIVE STAR restaurant that gets nothing but amazing perfect rave reviews doesn't have anything brilliant and special to offer a non-meat eater in 2012, in a fairly hip city in Europe?   Was it horrendous? No.  Was it better than a cheese and onion sandwich from Tesco... JUST.   Maybe I'm wrong, but I think it's pretty standard to make sure there's a couple of decent options for veggies on the menu and this place didn't, at all.   Not to mention the ONE option wasn't even an option at all, it was an appetizer turned meal.   Maybe having one option would have been fine if it wasn't so obvious that no one gave a shit about that option (and in turn in my mind people who don't eat meat) and the duck was going to be perfection defined. The quail was going to make you orgasm with joy.  The lamb was going to melt in your mouth. The steak was going to be heaven on a fork.  And the spelt was ALWAYS going to be crap in comparison.   The dessert made up for it being the worst meal ever... but not enough.
Please oh please can I just like live, drink and eat here for the rest of my life. That would make me the happiest little lady in Edinburgh, ever. Fact.  I have now returned to Mark Greenaway twice. Once with some yelpers, and after having mentioned this visit to my friend the prompt response was table, in two weeks time, us, book, now. I was hardly going to say no!?  The first visit with the yelpers was amazing. Crab cannelloni with smoked cauliflower custard. I was in awe when it came out, presentation is spot on, as was the taste of course!! Lifting off that little cone on top to be greeting by the most scrummy smokey smell, brilliant. Then there was the main.   This main is without a doubt the best plate of food I have ever eaten.  Gressingham Duck with potato croquettes, sausage roll, watermelon and tarragon gravy. It was mind blowing, the flavour of that gravy was so intense and delicious we may have had to ask for some more bread to mop it up with. The duck, unlike most duck I have had, was melt in the mouth. Not in the slightest bit chewy as it sometimes can be. Sausage roll, potato croquette..... man. I may sound like I am totally exaggerating, but as the other yelpers will verify, it is THAT good.  On the second visit, I had parsnip veloute to start, which I had quite eagerly just jumped past whilst scanning the options. But on further inspection it came with a ham hough tortellini, curried parsnips and parsnip crisps. Yes please. My friend opted for the same, and we were both totally pleased with our choice, simply devine. Then for main I had hake with lobster ravioli, purple mash and a ginger and spring onion broth. I don't even like ginger!?! I swear I could come here and be given a whole plate based entirely on mushrooms and I would be converted. Again, utterly flawless, the fish was cooked to perfection. All the flavours are well balanced and compliment each other perfectly.  Ok, now I am starting to rant on a little. So I shall break it down into simple points as to why, after reading this long winded review, you should go eat here  - My friend that came on the second visit, drove all the way down from Aberdeen for the weekend just so he could come.  - I have been three times, and each time I have had the chocolate fondant. If I were to go back tonight, I would have it again! - The service is always attentive and friendly.  .........Oh yeah, and did I mention the life changing Duck!?!?
WARNING: Must read like a rapper.  Champagne flowing in the VIP,  While I watch that Mark on that big TV.   Surrounded by the bloggers and edinburgh elites,  It was a perfect settin' for a meet and greet.   He started us off with a canape,  appetizer that makes you say  "Hay!'    Can't holla enough about that pork, Put that starter right onto ma fork.  So in all what I had was really nice,  Fo gods sakes he coulda cooked it fo me twice.   Love. Peace. HOLLA!..
I was kindly invited along with a number of other Yelpers to the viewing of Day 1 of the heats for the Great British Menu.  Having never been to Mark's restaurant before (but hearing good things about it!) I was very excited to come along.  Firstly, we were greeted by some delicious Perrier-Jout champagne, which definitely went down a treat. The amuse-bouche selection was beautifully presented and delicious. I really enjoyed the crab (and I think with avocado) and the duck eggs benedict. So this certainly prepared us for the starter to come.  We had a lovely room, which is obviously used for private dining or larger parties, through the back of the restaurant, which was really nice and intimate.   Mark was giving people the chance to try each of the courses he presented. We had the starter which consisted of braised pork cheek, hot apple jelly and sea buckthorn. Certainly, I was interested to try this, having never tried cold pork cheek or sea buckthorn.   To be honest the sea buckthorn did have a very aniseedy flavour, but the other flavours in the dish took most of that away, and it just gave it that spark of something different to taste. I thought the cubes of apple jelly were delicious and complimented the pork cheek very well, which was perfectly cooked and tender. There were some lovely bright pink 'petals' which looked gorgeous and the colours rerally were spectacular.  We watched the show live, which was great fun and met Mark who was really down to earth and friendly. It was funny hearing his stories of how different the chefs are from what, we as viewers, see once the finished programme has been edited.  Anyway, all in all a great night and I'm looking forward to episode 2 tonight. Even if he does not win I will definitely be going back to his restaurant for the full experience and recommending it to friends and family!   Go Mark Greenaway! :)   Thanks again, Morven.
We loved the entire experience! Staff was attentive but not hovering. Food was spectacular starting with the amuse bouche - a warm chestnut, potato, leak pure with truffle and peanut oil - it was delicious and just the perfect temperature served in a small elegant glass on a plank of hardwood as a serving tray. Just very thoughtful and the flavors were perfect. For appetizers Debra got the Loch Crab Cannelloni and I ordered the Hom Ham tureen with Scallop. The crab was wrapped in a paper thin crepe on a small bed of greens suspended over sauce infused with beets all in a cone shaped glass that fit into a narrow throated glass bowl. The  bowl contained yet another sauce at the bottom and filing the rest of the bowl was a fog of smoke from hardwood. The two glasses were separated and the smoke released exciting the senses.  Each component was  tasted individually before mixing into what Debra described as the most luscious crab she has ever had. There were so many components that it was hard to make them all out. However, the result was a merging of flavors that was unique and in a class by itself. The tureen was also spectacular , packed with succulent ham in a flavorful gelatin where hints of coriander, clove, mustard and garlic seemed to be present. It was topped with a perfectly cooked medium sized scallop with small cubes of jelly for accompaniment . I honestly cannot identify what those cubes were made from but that didn't stop me from using a bit with each bite. Fabulous! Main courses did not disappoint. Debra's pork belly was soooo scrumptious she said not a word to me during that course except to make some sounds of joy after each bite. My duck breast with sausage rolls and tarragon jus was as the Italians say "OTTIMO" the ultimate. Perfectly cooked rare with crisp skin and the portion size was more than adequate. I was in heaven and the glass of Rioja I had with it was icing on the cake. We finally shared a deconstructed peanut butter caramel cheese cake with hot chocolate sauce - as we ooh'ed and ahh'ed our way through that imaginative and just incredible dessert we both looked at each other and said, "it really doesn't get any better than this!" but we were wrong because when the bill came we could not believe that food this good could be so reasonably priced. It was worth every penny for sure, and it was one of the best dinning experiences Debra and I have had. We cannot say enough about it except to say we will be back! Thanks to the excellent chefs and front of house staff for a time we will remember with great fondness! I wish there were more stars to award!!!
So Friday was m,y birthday and I was keen to get me some good food!  What could be better than a 3 course meal at Mark Greenaway.....well....I will tell you....... a 3 course meal at Mark Greenaway for 20!!!!  Yes Yelperoonis - Mark has a market menu that runs up to 7pm and offers a choice of 3 starters, 4 mains, 3 deserts all from the full menu.  Unbelievable value and as always the food was stunning. Friend of mine is on a search for the citys best prk belly dish and I think i may have found it. Check the photos I added but i can tell you its delicious.  The duck egg starter was visiually stunning and had bags of flavour. The salted caramel and penutbutter chessecake was umptious and also just a visual masterpiece!  Ooooober happy jd! Tweeted about my experience and got a tweet back from the man himself....legend!
My third venture to Mark Greenaway last night but having also having had the pleasure of meeting the guy last night could help but now take the time to write a review.  This for me is one of the finest destination restaurants the city has to offer, for molecular gastromomy that still delivers swesome flavour as well as style Mark is nothing short of a genuis.  Last night I was lucky enough to try the dish he presented to the Great British Menu as well as a selction of amuse-bouche. Duck Eggs bennedict, crab wrapped in avocado.....duck egg with proschuito....very tasty and washed down by the free flowing champagne.  To the dish itself, braised pork cheek wrapped in bettroot, hot apple jelly, apple gel, apple blossum and sea buckthorn. Together I though the flavours were all great. If I had a criticism I would like a touch of heat to come from somewhere - horseradish or similar or if there is the play og pork/apple then some crunch for texture.  To be fair I am being hypercritical as this is the very highest end of Edinburgh dining, will I be back again? Of course!!  Very happy Jd!!
I was staying at the Indigo Hotel just a few minutes away from Mark Greenaway and when it was time for dinner the weather was, as often is the case, not really the best so it was not a difficult choice to walk the few minutes to Mark Greenaway. I did not know that much about the place before so had no real expectations before.  Not sure how the dining scene in Edinburgh normally works but was surprised that the place was fairly empty on a Thursday night but not that it bothered us. It did look a bit fancy and upscale so we did feel that we should perhaps have dressed up but when looking around it seemed as it was not really expected (at least judging from the guest at the few other tables).  The service was friendly and efficient,the only thing that was slightly confusing was that we had 4 people involved in our service during the evening. There was a clear difference in skill and knowledge and the sommelier appeared to be the most knowledgeable on both wines and the food so ended up asking him any questions.  The food was excellent for everyone. A lot of effort also went into the presentation of the food and while it at times felt as if they were trying a bit too hard everything did taste wonderful. I had the pork belly as a main that was excellent (pate as a starter, also great) and the others at the table were also happy with their choices. Desserts delivered as well.   Value for money was excellent and it was without a doubt the best meal we had in Edinburgh.
OMG where do I start?? My first experience of Mark Greenaway was as a result of yelp for the Raconteur pop up bar which was absolutely amazing!! I love cocktails but probably stick to my old favourites so it was nice to experience a menu which differed from the rest all of which had my tastebuds buzzing with excitement - the Summer cup martini was just to DIE for!! You can really taste the fruit and the kick is so smooth it can be dangerous.. They are just too moreish!!  Gutted when Taste of Edinburgh was cancelled I decided I had to try the food at 12 Picardy Place.. So after a revisit for a cheeky wee Raconteur cocktail we headed downstairs to try the Market menu - 3 courses of fantastic food for 20! Well at that price it would be rude not to!!   As a renowned 'fussy' eater (and gluten free) I was so happy to see a menu where there were several things I wanted to try... After much deliberation I opted for the Ham hock terrine to start which when it arrived I felt almost guilty about eating as it was soo beautifully presented.. with interesting mallow like swirls, jelly cubes, a scallop and scattered flowers each mouthful was a new adventure! This was followed by the 12 hour slow-roasted pork belly with a toffee-apple jus..... WOW!! The crackling was just amazing and the pork so tender and juicy and accompanied by the most amazing tasting and textured creamy mash potato - I'm sure it probably had a better description on the menu but I can say that my tastebuds were on overdrive! I really thought things couldnt get much better.... then dessert arrived - salted caramel cheesecake straight from Heaven!! Every mouthful was savoured in that eyes closed kind of way!!   The attention to detail in the presentation of all of the food was exquisite and the tastes were like a fireworks display on your tongue! Cant recommend it enough and I'll definately be back with friends soon!!
Oh Mark, who art at Piccardy Place....Hallowed by thy food.....Yelp did come.......and we were done......by your amazing food. Forgive us this day our belt buckles as we remember those deserts. :o)  But seriously, was lucky enough to be on a Yelp table of 18 last night to samply the new menu. And all I can really say is wow. Mark has set some great standards some opening and the food is stunning.  My meal....oh well......I started with his take on a Scottish breakfast. Hot smoked salmon, poached qauil egg on fois gras and black pudding on a tattie scone. The fois gras was delicious, the salmon delicious if perhaps in need of a little seasoning.  For main I had the aged rump steak with bone marrow jus! This came with slices of truffle and fondant veg. The balance was just right, the tender beef, the truffle the rich jus just wonderful! Very happy JD.  For desert I went against the masses and opted for the Tastes of Banoffee, small banana pastry, a bread of banana that was so light it was like candy floss, sugared candy banana, a sauce that looked like a tweel...it was amazing!!! Very happy!  Finished it with a whisky and a coffeee and all were agreed as to what a great night we had. And then when all seemed done Mark came to see us and take the aclaim he richly deserves and was kind enough to show us the new bedrooms he is opening above. All I will say is go stay there!!!!  A great night with great company. A warm welcome to our new Yelper Sam who has joined us from San Francisco - I forsee many foodie conversations!!!  Jd = beyond being a happy man!!
Crikey that was good food.  I have to admit I was incredibly surprised by the stellar combination that Mr Greenaway has employed in his restaurant.  The menu is ridiculous, resulting in lots of "ooh I think I want that, but OOH look at that!  oh argh that looks amazing too!" and the food that followed was... wow.  It's beautifully and creatively presented (the applewood smoke with the crab cannelloni was sooooo cool) but indeed also incredibly good.  In addition, it's the perfect size so as to not leave you stuffed after the starter, and to leave you perfectly satisfied after two courses and comfortably full after three.    The timing of the courses was also ideal.  I often find that within minutes of my starter being taken away, my main appears, giving me no time to digest a bit and have a chat.  I've gotten used to that and plan to spend maybe an hour and a half when I'm out for a meal, and that's with coffee.  Not so at Mark Greenaway.  We luxuriated for over three and a half hours over an amuse bouche, three courses and coffee.    The wine list was excellent - not too much, not too little, and with a wonderful range in pricing.    The staff were attentive, incredibly friendly, knowledgeable, and just generally lovely.  The pricing of the food is what really topped the experience.  For such fancy food of excellent quality, the prices were incredibly reasonable.  I don't recall seeing any mains in the 30 range and the most expensive starter was 10.  Pair this with set menus for 2 or 3 courses (for 16.50 and 20, respectively) and you really have a steal.  I was expecting Mark Greenaway to be good but I had no idea it would be this good.  Seriously.    I need to come up with a special occasion as soon as possible so I can go back.
I'm cheating a little to review this from the experience of the Raconteur pop-up bar but it was fab and as I keep raving about it when I go back West, then its about time I Yelp about it.  As a bit of a cocktail queen - my former work colleagues nicknamed me the cocktail queen as every suggestion of a night out was responded to by me as 'I know this great bar which does fab cocktails' so I couldn't respond over dodgy wi-fi quick enough when the suggestion of the Yelper visit was posted on the discussion boards.  I hadn't visited no12 before but I loved it - all luxurious but cosy and friendly at the same time, and probably after another cocktail, I may have nabbed the chaise in the ladies and refused to move, such was my level of comfort.  The cocktails themselves were fab (especially the Grey Goose summer fruits and the Charlie Chaplin - big fan of getting some of my 5-a-day in cocktail form). I actually liked not quite knowing what I was sampling cocktail wise till I tried it ( I would never normally order a cocktail with absinthe in it!) but it was the Mark Greenaway canapes which were awesome.  Yelpers were provided with the chicken equivalent of prawn crackers (OMG), home made crisps, curry popcorn (sounds weird but I found it strangely moreish!) and the daddy of them all, the pork belly. The pork belly in sweet chili sauce was to die for - now as someone who is somewhat fat phobic when there is fab on meat (I don't care if it helps the meat cook better), it was a tentative try at first but then I couldn't stop picking at those little bites of heaven. The pork belly was fab and even the fatty bits were melt in the mouth divine and even writing this, I feel as if I'm not portraying its full awesomeness as I could.  I'm already trying to work out (in between work visits away) when I can go to sample the full fabulousness of Mark Greenaway's restaurant (luckily Taste is coming up immediately after my next work trip) so more salivating and looking forward to trying more delights :-)
Mark Greenaway has a reputation as one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh, and it delivers in a big way.  The food is creative, upscale, and luxurious.  I was fortunate enough to be invited to a special meal hosted by the sponsors of this excellent website to celebrate the fall menu.  I had a wonderfully creative starter: smoked scottish salmon, homemade black pudding on tiny tattie scone, and poached quail egg on foie gras (eat your heart out SF!).  The dish was soft and luscious, with dark and smoky notes.  Sadly it was under seasoned, spoiling pure enjoyment.  Overall the perfect execution of each of the elements more than made up for this transgression.   My main was an 11 hour smoked pork belly, served with the most velvety canelle of mashed potato, a lovely cabbage slaw, and a few slices of juicy pork loin.  The plate was kissed with a toffee sauce that was pure sweet and salty heaven.  The belly itself was absolutely perfect, soft fat sandwiched between smoked meat and crispy cracklin.  I would have loved a bit more sauce (actually I would have downed a glass of it if offered), and maybe more cabbage or another vegetable on the plate might have helped cut the richness of the meat and mash.  Despite these suggestions the dish itself was a meat-lovers triumph, and I can see why it is one of Mark's signature dishes.  Desert was a celebration of chocolate so rich it might have defeated a lesser man.  Luckily I was up to the challenge (ok maybe the wee dram of Caol Ila fortified me a bit).  The presentation was stunning (true of all the dishes really), with a perfectly cooked fondant cake balanced by layered white chocolate mousse wrapped in a delicate chocolate.  Orange caviar rounded out the plate.  The cake was rich, dark, and sinful, perfect 70% cocoa simplicity.  I don't normally like white chocolate, but the mousse was soft and tangy, perfect to cut the richness of the chocolate.  The orange caviar was clever, but could have been integrated better into the dish.  Overall an incredible meal, amazingly progressed and well presented.  The quality of ingredients and care in preparation make it easy to overlook the minor flaws in execution.  I will most assuredly be back to see what else Mark has to offer.  Many thanks to Jenny L for hosting us, and to my wonderful dinner companions (Jurgen D, Jackie G to name a few) for conspiring to deliver a memorable evening.
Not the teenage OMG! but Ohhhh Mark Greenaway! Tingling and tantalised taste buds are now spoilt after my visit to No.12 Picardy Place.  Having fell in love with some pork belly a few months ago, I was desperate to return. Small spanner almost in the works though - well several actually. Firstly Taste was flooded out, I missed Foodies as I was in the US and then third time unlucky - the news was that Mark was launching a new menu. I was determined to have pork belly cooked by the man himself before it disappeared so I reconfigured my schedule to include a visit pre, instead of post, work trip.  What an experience - OMG. It was amazing and everything and more it should be. This is fine dining and everything is just perfect. Gorgeous location and fantastic service. As part of a twitter offer, we received a free glass of champagne, even though we were ordering off the Market Menu (3 courses, 20), it magically appeared at the table without being requested. Service was attentive without being obtrusive.  And now for the food - sheer bliss! I'm gluten free and usually this can result in little unhappy faces throughout the meal as more disappears from the plate than appears on it. Not an issue here and dishes could be adapted to suit dietary requirements.  Gluten free bread was provided - a gf brown and seeded version which was lovely and crispy (and its a nice touch so you feel less 'special needs' and more special).   So to start: Ham Hock, with scallop and pea puree, apple meringues and edible flowers. Lovely. The main flavour of the ham hock came through, complimented but not over powered by the other flavours and the scallop was cooked to perfection.   For mains, it had to be the Pork Belly with savoy cabbage, pomme puree, apple and toffee apple jus. It was to die for. Seriously. I was almost Meg Ryan in the sandwich shop in When Harry Met Sally. It was just THAT good. I am fat phobic when it comes to meat and I hate more fat than meat but this was a perfectly meaty piece of pork belly, with the crispiest crackling - not too salty but with a lovely light sweetness. 12 hours of sheer cooking artistry. It was divine and I was as happy as the piece of piggy on my plate probably would have been in the dirt.  However, I came for 3 courses and I was having 3 courses. Being gluten free, I did worry that I couldn't have the salted caramel and peanut cheesecake with warmed chocolate sauce, but not at all. A modified version, minus the non gf base was provided (pistachios were instead of the base) and the dessert was simply divine - lots of lovely nutty sweetness and not so sweet it was sickly. Sheer bliss. I couldn't get enough of the warmed chocolate sauce and had to refrain myself from doing 'the finger scoop' of getting the last remaining bits of chocolate sauce from the little jug.  A pot of tea sounded like a lovely way to finish off the meal and given the decadence of all that passed before then it was a solid 'oh go on then' when offered the Petit Four's. Now being gf we knew that some petit fours would be off the menu for us and we got gorgeous chocolate truffles instead - nah, nah, nah, nah, nah! They were divine - utterly gorgeous and definitely worth being 'special' for. Chocolate and coconut and white chocolate and gooey lemon centre (don't try to bite the white choc ones in half as it will be messy) - they were so good!  Food was simply stunning and ranks as my best meal - nudging out the simple and now closed, legendary Rome restaurant visited a decade ago. Mark Greenaway is a god - beautiful, simple ingredients, transformed into something simply stunning. Chatting to the man himself after lunch, I found out the pork belly is staying on the new menu - praise the Lord!
Our dinner started with the most amazing amuse bouche (celeriac and hazelnuts and other goodness). I really couldn't get enough of it.  Then my starter arrived. LOVE at first sight. A beautiful radicchio risotto with a hens egg. This was lush. Loved it. My main was aged rump with a marrow jus and some roasted veg. I didn't love it. It was good and the technique was all there but the roasted veg wasn't all that and the meat didn't melt in my mouth as I would have expected. My dessert was abstract art on a plate. Broken lemon tart. I didn't really get the concept of it and should've gone with the pear  four ways, which looked amazing.   Overall the food was good. It showed great technique and art but I expected a wee bit more flavorwise. Next time I will be going for the pork belly, hands down and the pear.
The great writer Virgina Woolf once wrote "One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well."    Well, last Thursday night, a private dining table of Yelpers thought well and went home to a happily sound sleep after dining at No.12 Picardy Place...and I know we all fell in love with the delicious food and wonderful experience we had.  I've been waiting on the perfect opportunity to dine at No.12 Picardy Place, and the chance to sample the new menu with such wonderful company was too good to miss.   Mr Greenaway kindly settled us into a private dining area, and our service was impeccable from start to finish. Our waiting staff were friendly, attentive and had the right balance of being highly professional, but completely approachable. The restaurant itself is beautifully designed with a clever mix of classic and contemporary, and provided a perfect venue for a memorable meal.  However, as Ms Woolf quite rightly points out, the dining is the most important part of the happiness experience, and blimey were we happy.  Every single dish was admired, gushed over and appreciated fully before we even lifted our forks and knives.  For me, it was a starter of Hand-Dived Orkney Sea Scallops which were prepared perfectly and served on a pomme fondant. Tender, sweet and wonderfully balanced with tomato jelly and parsley mayonnaise. I have never savoured a dish so much...until my main course! Pan Roasted Hake fillet was next with purple mash, lobster tortellini and pumpkin. It was delicate, and so fresh I suspect it leaped straight out of the sea onto my plate. The combination of flavours was sublime, the dish was beautifully presented and my plate was spotless at the end.  During my meal I had a couple of glasses of a tasty Sauvignon Blanc, which went well with my seafood starter and main course and, at 5 a glass, was excellent value.  To end, I choose a Chocolate Fondant with a vanilla tuile, white chocolate mousse and tonka bean ice cream. This was again presented with such elegance, and was absolutely delicious. Every element combined well and the dish had the right balance of hot & cold, sweet (but not overly!) with the rich cocoa working well with orange caviar.  Everything was relaxed, each dish was served at just the right time and the conversations flowed. As a wonderful conclusion, we had a visit from Mark and a personal tour around the new hotel rooms upstairs from the restaurant. They were absolutely gorgeous, and excellent value for money, as was our meal.  As I was finishing this review, I pondered the thoughts of one Mr Mark Twain, who wrote, "When one has tasted it, he knows what the angels eat"...  ...after this meal, I think we would all agree it was just like Heaven!
One of the finest dining experiences
Now, I'm starting (OK, well starting is probably a poor word) to sound like a whinger. And I am not just talking about the review that follows, but I've noticed a trend of contrary reviews. That's ok, I try to keep myself unbiased as best I can, and to that regard, I award 4 stars, a drop from 5.   *audible gasp from the audience*  There are reasons, oh yes there is, and I still regard MG as some sort of culinary god. But, it's a new menu, and I think it needs to get of it's training wheels. Flavours-wise don't feel quite together yet. Presentation, as always, flawless. Service struggled with a table of 18, but was pleasant throughout, but time between courses was quite long, but I put that down to the sheer effort in presentation, however glasses were rarely empty (although my other half did observe as he didn't drink wine, he wasn't offered anything else to drink bar water). I came away with the same satisfied feeling as before and did have a fabulous evening, but perhaps with less wow involved.   So apart from time, the amuse bouche - celeriac (yum) and the flavour in the espuma packed a punch, but not quite sure red amaranth and a very surprisingly solid hazelnut matched in either flavour or texture.   Starter: crab cannelloni and smoked cauliflower custard. Presentation was... just .... awesome. An inspirational dish. But... it was so cold there were ice crystals inside the cannelloni (which with the spinach butter acting as the pasta, it made sense to be so cold) which I didn't particularly enjoy. The display of releasing the applewood smoke and the flavours in the smoked cauliflower custard was fantastic and surpassed the cannelloni itself.   For my main, I went for the hake. I will note, which I hadn't noticed on my previous visit, that there is a major lack of vegetarian meals - starter, yes, but not main course, which I do find curious. In that manner, I am of course, biased. The hake was beautifully cooked, and I do recommend that the broth is added, it was delicious. The purple potato mash was the best item on the plate (with a nod to Bodger and Badger, I do love me some mashed potato) - the flavour in the potato were beautifully captured. I did notice that mashed potato was a popular theme in the dishes around me as well. Again, I am mesmerised by the detail in the dish in front of me.   Finally, as I couldn't really say no (similar to last time really) to desert and this time, went for the broken lemon tart. That was a fun looking dish! It reminded my (looks-wise, not flavour) of Bassetts Liquorice Allsorts. The lemon tart pieces were fab, and shortbread base, packed full of buttery goodness. I *think* there was a lemon ice cream - that didn't really stand out for me, flavours were too close to the tart to be discernible - and coconut jelly, which to be honest, had attracted me to the dish in the first place - but it was utterly lacking in flavour - definitely felt like a dud. A week on though, the sharpness of the lemon tart sticks more in my mind. And I am not thinking about the fact I ate jelly for the first time in a long time (veggie no no, I am a bad girl as i didn't check for gelatine).   Anyway, overall, if you went to MG for a beautifully presented meal, which is executed flawlessly, you won't be sorry. And I suspect, that if I returned in a few months time, or longer, that the meal I had tonight will have changed and improved. New babies need to learn to crawl, and this menu is no different.
Go Yelpers, go Yelpers, go! 69 North Castle St for Restaurant Mark Greenaway is open for business and it is divine! OMG it was beautiful and everything I had been waiting less than patiently for!   I had never visited Librizzis, the previous incarnation of the site but I was uber excited that Mark was finally opening again. I wanted to pork out on piggy so badly and on a snowy Edinburgh night I got my wish.  This was opening night but things ran smoothly with lovely, attentive staff. The restaurant has a different layout to no12 Picardy Place but the teal walls, dark stained wooden floors and gorgeous windows gave the restaurant a lovely intimate atmosphere (which clearly worked on one couple who snogged constantly between courses). The downstairs will be getting worked on with awesome plans afoot for the private dining room :-)  Loic the sommelier was fab, fabulous knowledge and recommendations and the wine cellar is awesome. Way back in the day, the building was a bank (RBS) and now Loic has commandeered the former bank vault for a wine cellar. We visited and tried a gorgeous pinot noir (v light with almost a slight edge of white citrus) but Jackie G wasn't quite ready to go full red and we ended up sharing a gorgeously refreshing sauvignon semillion.   Being the generally depressing month January is, we were both set on pud before we arrived so we ordered mains and pud, rather than 3 courses which was just enough. A shallot amuse bouche with basil oil was brought for us to have and it was lovely. Forming and warmed, it was literally tantalising our taste buds for what was to come. Yep, the pork belly is still on the menu and is my idea of pig heaven! I could have tried something else but being so fat phobic about meat, having pork belly which melts in the mouth is simply amazing and with Mark out of the scene for a couple of months, I would have killed for this dish. Combined with the caramel apple jus, savoy cabbage, apple cubes and pomme puree, I was literally in pig heaven! I had tried some of Jackie G's Aberdeen angus and it was gorgeous! Big slab of meat, cute little potato croquettes and gorgeously sticky and meaty bone marrow, complete with a lovely rich bone marrow gravy - yum!  We did do our plates justice but had a bit of a break to re-group before plunging into the dessert menu. I had the jam jar (pic posted) and as the snow kept coming down, it wad the perfect comfort food on a cold night. Plum compote, custard foam and rice pudding, it was just so yummy. A pear sorbet presented on the jar lid with a caramelised plum strip on top was gorgeous! Jackie went for the chocolate torte which was fab - sticky ginger drops, kumquat, dark chocolate and what tasted like space dust lite version (which buzzed nicely in the mouth) was fab too!   Loic came over after we discussed having digestives. A gorgeous Aussie dessert wine was provided for us to sample which Jackie went for and after spying port, I couldn't resist. Our drinks and a chat with Mark and Nicola rounded off a fabulous night. I'll definitely be back v soon - food was gorgeous and I have to say, OMG, still stands for (breathy voice) Oh Mark Greenaway...
I went  to Mark Greenaway as part of a large group sampling the new menu. Having tried and loved some of the pork belly from their stand at the Foodies festival a few weeks ago, I was expecting good things and I wasn't disappointed.   This was my first experience of deconstructed food, and it was a little confusing at times, but so delicious that my confusion soon evaporated in a haze of contentment. I had crab cannelloni as a starter which came balanced over a bowl of cauliflower custard and applewood smoke. Like every part of this meal the presentation was beautiful. I don't think I've ever eaten such an artistically constructed meal. Pretty as it was, I was a little unsure what to to do with my starter but fortunately the helpful waiting staff were there to explain the recommended method of eating it.   I went for the duck as a main course which was more straightforward than the crab. Unfortunately I can't remember the exact combination of ingredients that made up the dish but I haven't forgotten how good it was. A plate of inspiration that i wouldn't hesitate to recommend to any meat eater.   I had the jam jar as a dessert which consists of four plum-orientated components. This included rice pudding (as soon as I saw this a childhood nostalgia trip kicked in and I was sold) and some of the best ice cream I've ever tasted.  From start to finish the food was excellent. Delicate flavours combined with flare and imagination. The service was good without being embarrassingly formal (my glass was getting topped up before I even noticed it needed it). My only slight niggle (and it's very slight) was that the menu was a little too weighted on the side of quality over quantity. I was still hungry at the end of a three course meal but the food was so good that this isn't a major complaint. I'm looking forward to going back for more.
There's absolutely no doubt in my mind that this restaurant is deserving of a 5* review. Without a doubt, the best eating experience I've had in my life. Mark Greenaway is a fantastic chef and his refreshingly contemporary menu definitely reflects this.   I was asked from my lovely boyfriend what I'd like for my birthday, and all I could think of was a nice meal out, and he told me to book the place of my choice. I wonder if he meant that 100%, but I took it upon myself to book a table for the opening weekend of Mark Greenaway's spectacular new restaurant on 69 North Castle Street. We headed in this evening a bit earlier (damn you Edinburgh road works!), but made it in plenty of time.   Upon entering the restaurant, which by the way is absolutely beautiful; with it's high chandelier, intimate colour choices and exquisitely laid tables, our coats were taken by the lovely host and we were seated next to the window; how lovely and romantic considering it was snowing! The staff in here are the best at their job, from setting tables, to offering drinks, to the waitress who brought our courses to us and explained how each course was made and how Mark suggests you eat it. Our orders were taken, our wine was poured, and Colin and I immediately began chatting about our love for the place.   Our aperitifs were brought out; with a beautiful shallot amuse bouche, which were thoroughly enjoyed. For my starter I ordered the crab cannelloni with smoked cauliflower custard, lemon pearls, herb butter, baby coriander and beetroot mayo, and Colin ordered the red wine risotto with hen egg. Oh God, you think you've tasted good crab before, but you've not until you've been here. The way Mark makes it it's in 2 different parts of the dish, and thought most people would eat from the top of a dish to the bottom, Mark suggests you try both simultaneously. I did, and I enjoyed. Thoroughly!   Our wonderful waiting staff cleared the table, before our main courses were brought to the table. Colin had the pan roasted hake fillet, with a lobster tortellini, purple mash, fennel and dill puree and pumpkin, and I ordered the 11 hour slow roasted pork belly, with spiced fillet, pomme puree, savoy cabbage and toffee apple jus. This is without a doubt the best meal I've ever eaten. The pork was so tender and beautifully cooked, whilst the beautiful fat crackling on top was crisp and so tasty. The spiced fillet was cooked medium rare and was exquisite and everything on the plate just complimented each other so well.  If all that wasn't enough, for desserts I had the broken lemon tart, with yuzu parfait, frozen shortbread, pistachio puree, compact watermelon and coconut jelly, and Colin had the chocolate fondant. I'm not a dessert eater normally, but wow. WOW. Exquisite.  Must make a note of how great our wine was. I'm positive it was an Australian ros but I'm not 100%. Wonderful though, so crispy and tangy but fruity at the same time.  I had to ask our waiter to give compliments to the chef, something I've never done, because I was so impressed. Mark is an outstanding chef, and I will most definitely be back here again and again.
This could only ever have been 5 stars!  After the much publicised closure of Mark Greenaways restaurant at Piccardy Place we all waited with baited breath to find out where he was heading to. From his words at the Foodies Christmas Fair to his updates on twitter he was giving nothing away. So clandestine was this becoming that a head chef from another restaurants comment on twitter that he looked forward to having Mark as a neighbour lead to the rumour he was off to the Royal Mile. Then, just two weeks ago, he announced his new location as 67 North Castle Street the site of a former Italian Restaurant and once upon a time an RBS branch.  I was delighted to have a reason for booking for opening weekend, as Stephs parents are in town for their birthday weekend and we couldn't think of anywhere we would rather take them. So roughly 3 minutes after the announcement of the new restaurant was made I had my reservation request sent. Roll on two weeks and last night was the night I've been waiting for, all the more eagerly after such positive comments from those who attended the launch party and Yelpers Jackie.G and Claire.L who were there for opening night.  The first thing that strikes you upon entering in that all of the staff have stayed with Mark, infant he confirmed later he didn't lose any of his staff despite being closed for 7 weeks. Once seated you soon see that Mark and his team have been able to recreate the wonderful ambiance the had at Piccardy Place. To the menu and from the  la carte it was good to see he has kept the favourites while also introducing something new to lift the menu further.   Once we had ordered, the sommelier Loic who we have gotten to know was kind enough to show us his new wine vault, with this having been an RBS the original vault in the basement remains. Given how little time they have has to prepare its amazing how much they have achieved. The wood work and the style they have given this room is really impressive. Loic explained that they intend to further develop the vault and diner will be able to select their wines with an illustrated world map on the wall providing further details. Loic will also be on hand advising and giving diners tasting samples of suggested pairing wines.   As soon as we sat down we were presented with our amuse bouche, as espuma on f shallots. Can't such much about this other than it was delicious. Slight sweetness with earthy undertones it was a great way to start our meal.   For my starter I chose the pave of pigs cheek, served with warm apple jelly, apple pure a flavoured meringue, the pave is wrapped in beetroot carpaccio. This is a dish which has gone through a few developments since I first had it at the Great British Menu party and its only gotten better. The balance of the deep flavour of the cheek with apple and beetroot is superb. It's a dish I would happily order again and again.   For my main I went for the tasting of lamb. Succulent tender lamb, deep jus, aromatic rosemary, buttery mash and earthy brussel sprouts.......delicious! The lamb came three ways, a loin chop, a piece of filet and some leg. The flavour of the lamb was just incredible, the seasoning brought out the taste as much as Amy producer could hope for.   To finish I decided to revisit a favourite of mine the broken citrus tarte. This dish simply put is a work of art in appearance and just as tasty. The zing of the parfait is beautifully matched by the coconut, watermelon cubes clean the palate and the pistachio pure adds another dimension when combined. After dinner Loic was also kind enough to take me back to the vault and give me a sample of the most incredible muscat I have ever tasted, larger quantities will be required when my dry January has finished.  All in all the meal was superb, Stephs parents were delighted and then even more so when they had a good ten minute chat with the man himself Mr Greenaway. Mark is such a friendly guy and willingness to chat to customers at the end of a service does him great credit. With the excitement that has surrounded this opening I can say the product more than lives up the hype. Undoubtedly they have a lot of work to do but with Marks inventive cooking and the team he has around him I am confident this new venture will be a massive success.  Restaurant Mark Greenaway comes highly JD Recommended!
Mark Greenaway first caught my eye on tv show The Great British Menu last year when he was competing to cook an Olympic banquet; serving up creations I'd never heard of or seen before. So when Yelp announced it was having dinner at Mark Greenaway last month, I jumped at the chance having missed out on two opportunities previously and hearing so many good things about it and wondering if he really would love up to the standard displayed on tv.  When I arrived I was greeted by a handsome well-suited young man who took my coat and showed me to my seat. I immediately liked the place and appreciated the mood created by the decor, colour of paintwork, lighting and music.   We were treated to a wine tasting downstairs in what was the former bank's vault but is now the wine cellar. After six generous samples from which we could choose one to accompany our meal and learning a bit about each we giggled our way back upstairs and even got lost on the way (there are a few doors). What an excellent way to start off a dinner!  I opted for the Market Menu - 3 courses for 20 and phenomenal value for money it was! To start, we were presented with a lovely cute aperitif which I wasn't expecting. At this point I was rather merry from the wine tasting and wolfed it down without paying attention to what it was(sorry) but it was goooood and that is the main thing!   My chosen starter was Scottish Mushroom Veloute - Roasted Scottish Mushrooms, Tarragon, Truffle and Raviolo. When it was placed in front of me, to begin with all I could see was sliced mushroom topped with 1 ravioli in the middle of a very large dish and then I saw everyone elses significantly bigger alternative starters, I thought I had been had but then came my pouring sauce. So I discovered that Veloute means soup (new thing learnt for the day, done!) and this was a wonderfully delicious, satisfying mushroom soup with a twist.  For my main I opted for 11 Hour Slow Roasted Clash Farm Belly - Pomme Pure, Savoy Cabbage, Toffee Apple Jus: a-m-a-z-i-n-g! It was beautifully presented and the combination of flavours complimented each other superbly.   Dessert for me was Broken Chocolate Tart - Custard Jelly, Frozen Cookies, Crme Fraiche Parfait, Salted Caramel and kumquat Pure and this blew me away. Each chocolatey thing was of a different shape, size, flavour and texture; accompanied by fruity flavoured purees and popping candy - wow! On my first bite I rolled all the way back in my seat and savoured every single mouthful with a loving tenderness I have never given to food before and I was sorry to see it gone, hoping more would appear on my plate. This for me was a work of art.    Wow! This was a sensory experience I could never have imagined and unlike anything I have had before. The staff were so attentive to every detail, with brilliant knowledge - remembering every ingredient on the plate and making suggestions for how the dish could be eaten as recommended by chef. Also one noticed I had taken photos of my food and asked if I wanted her to wait whilst I took more before setting down additional plates. If I had been on my own in this restaurant I probably would have got carried away and photographed my dishes from a lot more angles - 'work it, work it baby'. It was wonderful to experience staff so passionate about their work!  The next day I raved about the place to everyone I saw! I am most definately coming back here!
I took a friend here in February for a nice lunch.  The building is beautiful and newly renovated.  The staff were very attentive during the meal, although we could have had more water with and after desserts.  - We both went for the 20 market lunch menu which had a small but good variety of options.  All dishes were beautifully presented (and yummy!), which definitely made the 20 worth it.  And we both had very nice glasses of wine, about 6/7 each.  - I recommend this for special occasions. - Marking this as 4 stars because they had just opened when we were there and the restaurant was quiet with only 4 other tables occupied, so a little lacking on atmosphere, but I assume that will change very soon!
Since my previous two reviews of Restaurant Mark Greenaway, it has moved location to it's own, independent premise, the menu has been updated slightly with  new options for me to debate over when choosing, but the quality of dining - both in ambiance, and the food itself - has remained as high as ever.  The new space is stunning. The building used to be a bank, and so has the beautiful cornicing and old-world feel. For some reason, it feels slightly Parisian to me. It could be the dark wood and green-velvet chairs contrasted with the sharp, steel feature on the wall. Or the etched glass lampshades that are clustered on 3 chandeliers in the middle of the room, giving a soft yellow light, to the dark blue and grey walls. Compared to the previous venue, this one is so much more fresh (it looks beautiful in the day too, perfect for lunch) and still intimate. I do think when it comes to fine dining, the restaurant space and ambience makes a big difference, and the new space really earns 5 stars itself as the perfect dining room for Mark's cuisine.  Before I move onto the food, I must make mention of one new part of the Mark Greenaway dining experience. A complimentary wine tasting in the new wine cellar (housed in the old money vault, the building used to be a bank) with Loic, the in-house sommalier. We were taken downstairs to taste 2 reds and 2 whites, both very different; and recommended which mains to choose for which wine (or vice versa, depending on your priorities). Given we tasted 4 wines before even a slice of bread, it made us all very merry and excited for the meal ahead. The tastings are generous, Loic is enchanting and so enthusiastic about both the wine and food. It made an already complete dining experience exceptional, and stand out from others I've had before. This in itself makes the meal a very special one.  As to the food itself? How could it be anything less than 5 stars. The Market Menu remains exceptional value, and is offered in the evening as well. I opted for choices from the main menu however, as I wanted lamb.  A starter of Cured Stonebass with Pickled Langoustines and Crispy Squid. The Langoustines were wonderfully different. They had the texture of a regular langoustine, but had the delicious sweetness from the pickling. And Stonebass is a fish I haven't knowingly tried, but cured in citrus (as I imagine ceviche is) it was perfect with the contrasting crispy squid.  Then the lamb. Oh the lamb. Wrack of lamb, with a tasting of neck of lamb and lamb belly. Lamb belly! How have I never tried lamb belly before? So much fatty goodness, it was more flavour per square milimetre of food than I have ever tasted. Cooked to perfection.   It's probably worth noting that the mains don't come with many vegetables, which I quite like, but if you do like greens then order a side. But honestly, the dishes work perfectly as they are themselves.  And then the desserts. Our table of 11 Yelpers were brought to a hushed silence when the combination of Cheese Platters, Peanut Butter Cheesecakes, and Broken Chocolate Tarts were brought to the table (and one Plum Jam Jar). I believe Mark Greenaway has experience as a pastry chef, and it shows. We all agreed the desserts stole the show. They were made with so much love, craft and care. Even if you're not a "sweets" person I urge you to get a dessert.   As they often come 'deconstructed' or broken, you don't quite know what each component is going to be till you try it. Oh, that's orange sauce! And oh pistachio! Ah, and the little circular chocolate discs are the biscuit base, whilst the knot is a pure ganache. Heavenly. Plates were scraped clean, then scraped twice to be doubly sure.  And then, the little plates of petit fours were the perfect way to round up a meal. It was a CMYE (Yelp social dinner) where 11 Yelpers had had three courses each, and yet we still politely eyed up the millionare shortbread and chocolate truffle petit fours.   I really couldn't fault the meal, food, service at all. From the wine tasting in the cellar before dinner, the way in which the food is presented, the friendly staff, the beautiful decorations. Mark Greenaway remains one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh, and I can't wait to go back.
They only have one rose wine served by the glass - taste it first!
I have to say I was ridiculously excited about my visit to Restaurant Mark Greenaway For my boyfriends 30th birthday.  Not only had Mark featured on Great British Menu last month but it was my first visit to the new site on North Castle Street apart from a quick chat with the infamous chef previously and a fab meal at the last place.  It seemed such a long time and long wait with baited breath since Mark announced his plans to move from Picardy Place to an unknown location, in what seemed a very exciting move for a chef who seems to be going from strength to strength in the Edinburgh food scene.  As always on enetering Loic the sommelier extroidinaire greeted us warmly amd seated us at the table which was elegantly laid out by the lovely Georgian windows. The Restaurant is located in what used to be a bank and retains many of the original features including a vault! More on that later. The restaurant is decorated in subtle colours with an amazing chandelier that gives a romantic glow when the sun goes down.  We all decided to go with the A La Carte Menu as it was a celebration. Dishes tasted included expertly seasoned Scallops, wood pidgeon and a ham hock terrine - all devoured. One of our friends who had the pidgeon literally ran out of words talking about their starter    I ordered monkfish in a red wine reduction with octopus and mark went for the 11 hour slow roasted pork belly with pomme puree, savoy cabbage and toffee apple jus.  Which I kind of wanted myself!  The monkfish was really lovely and not something I would have normally chosen but it came recommended by Loic. I have to also say the wines he chose for us were FANTASTIC and really reasonable in comparison to other restaurants where you struggle to get a good, reasonable wine under 40!  Mark's pork belly is a dish I just adore.  The well -sourced meat was juicy and full of taste, the crackling perfectly crunchy without being too hard and the mash was smooth as silk.  The toffee apple jus was not too sweet and a great modern twist on the classic pork and apple pairing. One of our friends had the duck course from GBM and loved it!   Now for the dessert course, with the Chocolate Knot tart - my third time - a broken chocolate tart with crme fraiche parfait, frozen cookies, salted caramel and kumquat puree, not to mention popping candy which again you may have seen on Great British Menu?   As I mentioned before they have the wine cellar in the bank vaults and Loic gave us the grand tour which is a rather novel touch to the dining experience. Definitely a five star experience for me!
A blast from the past and not really in a good way. Maybe I was expecting more but the experience just fell flat. Nothing was bad, per se, but nothing was that memorable either. First off, the restaurant was stifling and the dining room seemed like a make-shift eating area in a hotel lobby. Even the bar, at the front looked temporary. Service was fine, if a bit distant. Even the poor waiter was sweating profusely. Not something you want to see in a food handler. Ambiance wise, it was quite old fashioned: A huge crystal chandelier, servers in ties and vests, tables pretty close together...  We left with a new name for the restaurant:  Mark Stayaway.  The food was fine. Period. It seemed forced and almost everything was served on a glass plate. Many people love this place, it just wasn't my cup of tea. On the plus side, the wine list was surprisingly affordable.
I was fortunate enough to have the opportunity to dine at Mark Greenaway with fellow Yelpers a few weeks ago. It was even better than I was expecting. The ambiance was perfect and the staff were very welcoming and kind. I especially enjoyed getting to see the wine cellar and tasting the wines...what a treat!   The food was impecable. I must say that the dessert I had is what stands out most in my mind....peanut butter cheesecake. I cannot remember ever having a better desert. I am in awe of Mark Greenaway and his staff and am really looking forward to returning as soon as I possibly can!
Excellent in every way. Service, ambiance, presentation and especially flavor. Everything made to perfection (either meat, fish or vegetable)!  If you want a special meal experience whilst in Edinburgh, this is the place.
I've had the pleasure of eating at Mark Greenaway 3 or 4 times now. I have to say it has been a pleasure each time and I continuously look forward to returning again. The service is excellent, the food is sublime (make sure you have desserts!) and the location is brilliant for us.  Of note I highly recommend the Market Menu which is 3 courses for 20 currently which is incredible for the food and service you get.   Highly recommended!
Mark Greenaway Restaurant is classed as posh nosh by me.   It is all a very gentle affair. We went for our anniversary. The manager was in and congratulated us. We were given a glass of Kir Royale complimentary as a gift from them for our years together, thank you!   There wasn't an  la carte available due to the holiday season, so we had a special menu.   I choose a pheasant tower ravioli with consomm and pumpkin seeds as a starter. For mains I selected the Lamb which came with a rosemary jus. And as a dessert I had a 'Knot' chocolate dish with kumquat sauce.   We were also given an amuse bouche to start - which was a very tasty pumpkin foamy thing with coriander. Very tasty.  I appreciated that the waiter advised when ordering that the lamb will be served pink; "as Mark likes it that way to bring out the flavours".   Their sommelier suggested a pinot noir from the burgundy area to compliment the delicate flavours and it was an OKish choice. The wine did really shine at the dessert though as it went very well with the chocolate. for a 45 bottle of wine I did expect a little more though from this wine. It was lacking.  As I said before - the food was delicate, good flavours, but ever so light and precious.   We finished the meal with some special coffees and they kindly ordered us a taxi.   In all it was just as I expected, no faults and very well crafted. The place did fill up but I never felt crowded.   A well deserved 4 stars for a first visit.
First review of 2014!!  (Okay, I'm still about 20 odd behind from Decembers lot!)  Chose here, as reviews were pretty good & had old work colleagues up visiting Edinburgh from London, so thought a nice wee change from 'chains' was in order.  Lovely location, but I couldn't help feeling that the interior layout of the tables, was rather 'busy' and felt close together when you first walk in.  That said, once I was sat at the table, you actually were quite a way from the next table.  It just needs a bit more thought on interior design for first impressions.  A new carpet (or one vacuumed!) on the staircase to the bathrooms wouldn't go a miss! :-)  Anyhoo.. onto food and drink.  I tried a sample of Pinot Noir & then couldn't have it as no bottles in stock...  offered another option, but was advised it was 50p a glass more.  Now, I have no issue with that, but surely if you run out of stock and thats my only other option, you really wouldn't bother charging a first time customer, a poultry 50 pence more!  We all opted for the Market Menu (2 courses) at 16.50 each. (20 for 3).  Great value, but I didn't feel the choices were mind blowing particularly.  Choice of three dishes and vegetarian option was a porridge..hmm.  I don't like salmon, so my only choice was belly pork.  I'm on a new health kick, so belly pork wasn't ideal!  I did ask if we could substitute main course from a la carte menu & pay the surplus - No was the firm answer.  Frankly, that doesn't make sense, as it would have only resulted in us paying the restaurant 30/40 more...  Service from waiters was excellent.  Right balance of attention & leaving you alone, with good humour thrown in.  What I didn't like was the whole shirt and tie suited & booted look from them all.  I was pretty smart casual, but even I felt uncomfortably under dressed!  This isn't a michelin star restaurant & even at that, having dined at michelin starred restaurants, they don't even try that hard to impress!!  CHILL!!  Overly formal & frankly, unnecessary.  Pork Belly crackling was simply the best I've had.  However, the pork underneath, as well cooked and tender as it was, really didn't have any individual taste of its own.  Quite bland had it not been for the toffee sauce, mash & the crackling.  Peanut butter brittle cheesecake was a work of art & extremely tasty - the saving course of the meal.    Bill came to 82 (minus tip) for 3 people, 3 wines, 2 soft drinks and 3 teas on top of the 2 courses.  You can't really argue with that - fantastic value.  Had I dined from the A La Carte, I would have expected much more wow for my buck.  When the average main course is 27/30, you're looking at a 3 course bill of around 60/65 for one person with a glass of wine & a coffee.    Would I eat here again?  Yes, it's a nice change from the normal, but I wouldn't 'rush' back and make the trip out specifically.  You Gotta Eat Here - For Sure! :-D
Oooooh, a downgrade.  Ouch.  After my previous amazing meal at MG, I had been going on about wanting to return for over a year.  So, The Man surprised me by booking lunch here on NYE.    My first visit was when the restaurant was located on Picardy Place.  Unfortunately I found that the move to N Castle Terrace resulted in a downgrade in surroundings as well as food.    When eating at a restaurant that is aiming for a Michelin star, you don't expect the wait staff to wear dirty uniforms that are missing buttons, and you don't expect the stairwell to the toilets to be scuffed and dirty.  Once you get to the bottom of the scruffy stairs, you are in a cold, dank corridor that leads you to toilets that were "upgraded" by painting the tiles black.  Tiles + paint + time = scratches and general shabbiness.  So far, nothing particularly rang of "fine dining."  This wouldn't be an issue if the standard of food was what I remembered.  My starter (a veloute) was tasty though a bit uninteresting, and in The Man's pan fried duck egg, the duck egg itself was undercooked to the point of still having clear eggy slime on the top.  I opted for the slow cooked pork belly that stole my heart on my previous visit, and The Man had what I believe must have been the oven roasted salmon.  He *loved* the soft shelled crab but found the rest of the dish to be standard fare.  My pork belly was nice but dry and lacking in some kind of oomph.  The theme here is that the food was perfectly nice, but wasn't exciting.  Everything was absolutely fine but not what I expected from Mark Greenaway.   I'm probably being too extreme in my opinions considering we had three courses for 20 which is a fabulous deal, but if I had paid full price for the food I would have been UNimpressed.    The bright star of the meal was the maitre d'/sommelier.  He was wonderful, charming, friendly and spot on with service.    But, unfortunately I left feeling let down.  After a year of salivating to go back, I was left wishing we had gone elsewhere.
No exaggeration, this might be the best meal I have ever had.  The complexity of the flavours in the millet/popcorn starter was out of this world, and this wasn't even what the waiter recommended.  The vegetables chosen to accompany the monkfish main course managed to deliver a unique and different taste with each bite without ever overwhelming the underlying flavour. In my opinion that was mega-impressive. I deducted a star because the decor / atmosphere was a tiny bit staid but promptly gave the star back because the dessert knocked me off my seat with delight and the service was immaculate. I know this review sounds a little melodramatic but it really is this good.
Oh dear oh dear oh dear. That sums up for the most part how I felt about this restaurant. Quite clearly with the greeting upon arrival, service and style of food they are aiming for a coveted Michelin. I would be surprised, to put it mildly, if they received one.   My friend and I decided to opt for the taster menu which promised so much in terms of flavour and variety. We had aperitifs and decided to opt for the matching wines.   I feel as bored writing the review about this place as I did whilst eating the food. So I'll shorten it down somewhat! A lot of pures, cream (which is all you could taste in the soup) and experiments with hot and cold on the plate which just didn't come off. I can't even tell you how horrible the dessert was (apparently a contender in The Great British Menu...) both my friend and I had to leave it and inform the waiter why. I'm not usually so hyper-critical of the restaurants I go to but I feel for the 240 I spent I received very little in terms of a culinary experience as I would have liked.   Oh and watch your drinks! They like to take them away half finished...  I won't be going back here and I won't be recommending it to family or friends. Not sure whether I should give this a two star or not? Having experienced other high end establishments in Edinburgh I have to say your money is better spent in one of those. Over and out :)
i've been having a serious debate as to how to write this review.  when looking at the rest of the reviews before i went to dinner at mark greenaway, i knew it was going to be good but was the hype going to be better than the actual dinner.  i had been both looking forward to dinner at mark greenaway and also a bit worried.  it seems that when i go some place yelpers rave about i seem to leave a little disheartened as my experience wasn't rave worthy.  but that said mark greenaway was amazing!  the food was just wow!!!  it was beautiful on the plate and beautiful to taste!!  i started my meal with the red wine and radicchio risotto with a poached hens egg in the middle.  the risotto was creamy and packed fun of taste but breaking open the egg and mixing in the runny yolk made this dish even more fabulous.  i almost wish i'd ordered the larger portion just to have had extra risotto to mix the yolk with!!  for main i had the pan fried hake topped with a lobster tortellini, side of purple mash, and spring onion and ginger broth.  oh and there was delicious cubes of pumpkin as well!!!  the hake was cooked beautifully and just flaked apart.  the purple mash was divine, so creamy and a lovely shade of purple.  but the best part of this dish was the single lobster tortellini that sat atop the hake.  i saved this for last and was not disappointed.  biting into it there was loads of lobster soaked in a lemony sauce and it was just divine.  if only i could have had a whole plate of these!!  i went a bit untraditional for the dessert and had the cheese platter.  as much as i love dessert, when i'm out fine dining i always go for the cheese as it's just too good to resist!  i was quite pleased that i had five different cheeses to try, all a very large slice, with some frozen grapes, quince paste, and some poppy seed thins and oatcakes.  the cheese was lovely and i really enjoyed this while everyone else had their sweet desserts.  to finish i opted for a peppermint tea which came with a lovely assortment of petit fours!  the brownies were mmmmmmmmmm!!  i thought it was a nice touch as i still got a small sweet for after my meal and they came at no extra cost.  so yes the food was lovely, so excuse me while i make this a bit longer and explain why it was 4 stars and not 5.  mark greenaway is aimed at fine dining standards and i felt that this fell a bit short.  i know that they only had 10 days to do the refurb and open the restaurant but this showed as the place feel short of the decor perfection that is required of this type of restaurant.  it was nice, but just felt like it was rushed.  then there was the music... ugh this actually really irritated me.  it was loud and didn't seem to have a common theme and i felt like it really intruded on the atmosphere.  i'm not sure if this was due to the fact that we were the only diners in the restaurant and i wouldn't have noticed the music had the place had a bit more buzz to it.  they also seemed to have a wee bit of stocking issues as we ordered two bottles of red for the table and when someone asked for another glass when the bottles had been finished the sommiler had to tell her that they actually didn't have anymore.  i found this odd as a restaurant of this standard just shouldn't run out of a type of red wine after only two bottles.    i think for me, mark greenaway is on a journey.  they've only just re-opened at a new premises and while the food is still divine the restuarant is not quite there yet.  my hope is to go back in six months and see it completely settled in and i can update my review with 5 stars.
First off the wait staff was GREAT.  They were very nice, however the food was mediocre for the price.  The British woman we took there was VERY disappointed.  When she voiced her complaints, the chef seemed genuinely concerned, though.  Overall, the atmosphere is great, but I wouldn't go for the food.
Went here with my wife after the great reviews and trust me I was not disappointed. When we first walked in we did not see but 2 tables occupied during lunchtime which made me a little nervous at first. But had waiter named Sam and things were looking up. He was very pleasant to talk to. I had the Bangers and Mash and my wife had the Fish and Chips. Both dishes were Great! Very different taste to both dishes. The minted peas were something I've ever tasted! Will definitely be going back!
The topped mussels with creamy wine sauce and the Cornish pasty was delicious.  The bread pudding had a strange taste, would have preferred a more traditional flavor and custard.
I don't give out a lot of 5 star reviews, buy I gots to say I had a great lunch here last week.  Very cute little English restaurant with a pub-style menu, although the room is decorated more cute cafe than English pub.  Food was great.  Try the savory peas.  Perfectly cooked with meaty bacon and pearl onions.  I tried the sampler of their meat pies.  They were all warm and savory and yummy and comfort.  Mashed potatoes were a little stiff and underseasoned, but I'll let that slide.  My partner had the fish-n-chips sliders.  They were fantastic!  Great service, un-vegas, quaint room, great food, and legit pub menu make this a little gem worth finding.  The chef came out and said hey.  Usually this bugs me, but in this case it was cool cuz he had forgotten to include the mash with my meaty-pies and came out to apologize and deliver the goods.    Good stuff.
Not sure how legit the reviews are so far but good job getting me to check this place out. Third restaurant in this location since TSq opened? Good luck!! I was a fan of both previous businesses.   We just made it for the end of happy hour and they were nice enough to let us slide a couple of minutes longer to choose our appetizers. All the happy hour apps were $2 a piece. Pretty sweet price. We got $3 glasses of Newcastle Werewolf beer. Never had that before and it was a very good brew.   Happy hour apps:   We got the beef sliders which were different. The patties were battered and deep fried. It was certainly juicy but then again how could a deep fried hamburger patty be any other way? I prefer regular sliders though. Do Brits really do it this way?   Got a mini chicken pot pie and steak pot pie. These were decent. My wife preferred beef pot pie with ground beef but I liked it with a whole piece of steak. Good flavor and something I would definitely get again.   The chips were the most disappointing. They came with a curry dip that was too mild and watery. The fries were served so rare that we actually sent them back!! I have NEVER sent back fries in my life. And in a place that's supposedly British???? Unreal. 2nd batch of fries were acceptable but still very meh.   This place has lots of promise though. The breakfast menu looked yummy and the weekday lunch deal could be a knockout. For lunch, you get an entree and then for $5 more you can get all you can drink British beer. That sounds like a heckuva fun midday! They have a $10 bottomless offer for mimosa, bloody mary's and bellinis for breakfast but its only for 9am-11am.  Still decent and a better drink deal than anywhere else nearby.  Their Sunday roast which starts in a couple of weeks could be great too.   The English afternoon tea time is something that should be targeted to moms with kids or maybe guys that drink with their pinky sticking out. How about more than just 1 TV in the place? A whole TV schedule of soccer perhaps?   I feel bad about this 2 star review only because the staff was really friendly and personable.  But I have to call it like I see it.  I hope to bump it up a star on my next visit.  I know I'll be back for the bottomless beer lunch one of these days.      Conclusion: Maybe this is British.  But I like the Crown and Anchor kind of British much, much more with darts, jukebox, more TV's, the occasional stupid wanker patron and better chips.
I was intrigued by the newest kid on the block at Town Square, especially since it's a little different than the existing bars/restaurants.  First, it's a cool little joint.  It seems to be the exact layout as Caa, the previous occupant.  It has a great happy hour - $10 pitcher of English beer, $4 well drinks, $5 cocktails.  I think wine was $3.    Another great thing is that they have REVERSE happy hour, which can be hard to come by in Vegas.  It's 9:30pm-11:30pm, M-F.      There's also $2 happy hour food; we had fried zucchini (called something  special, but can't quite remember); chips; and beef sliders.  The chips were good, but I agree with a previous post -- the curry sauce was a little odd.    The slider was good, and for $2, I'll take it.  However, be aware that it's ONE slider.  It's a "big" slider, and appears to be have been deep fried, which makes it oh-so-much-better on so many levels.  Nonetheless, it's one slider, which was a little off-putting given that the happy hour menu says "sliderS" (plural).  Oddly enough, and which our group later chuckled at, when another person ordered a BLT off the regular menu (singular), it came with TWO big BLT sandwiches!              It seems a little upscale but that could be the cloth table linens talking.  In any event, I dig this place and hope it survives.  I'm interested to try the daily tea they do.
Went here for their afternoon tea service. There was only three couples there so not busy. My first turn off was that they seemed to try to up sell us on how much we needed. I was with a friend and neither of us were hungry so we were going to split scones and a pot of tea but they kept telling us to get two. We were stubborn and only ordered one and it was more than enough. The food was as good as I wanted it to be. My other problem was that our waitress asked us how strong we wanted our tea and we said medium for which they place a cool timer on the table. But she said she would be back to serve it after the four minutes of steaming. She didn't retune until the five minute timer ram out and then some. So it was awkward because we didn't know if we should've just poured it ourselves!  Now I don't drink enough tea to know the difference between strong or weak, but I just don't like that she didn't come back when she said she would. And it's not like it was all that busy either! The tea we got was loose leaf acai berry tea which was good and they pour it through a strainer so I guess thats the whole service aspect. But overall somewhat underwhelming.
We stumbled across this Town Square newcomer by chance.  Nice looking place, though not particularly English in appearance.  We arrived during the reverse happy hour and were treated to inexpensive eats and beer.  They were out of Newcastle Werewolf but had some other decent choices.  The chef recommended the chips and curry, which turned out to be not that great.  The curry was too watery and lacked the punch that a curry should have.  Chips and curry flavored water was a better description, but that probably wouldn't sell too well.  The fish slider on the other hand was really tasty.  The fish was perfectly cooked.  I should have had a few more of those.
This place has the BEST English fish and chips we have had in the U.S.    The happy hour menu will fill you up with a fish and chip slider or a cutesy pie or the courgettes (crispy zucchini) sticks which are amazing.  The menu has a good selection of foods from fish to pasta to burgers and steaks.  The prices are very reasonable and the deserts are unbelievable.  This is a place you should try if you are in Town Square.  They also have a Sunday Brunch and all the food is exceptional.
This review refers to the afternoon tea service only.   My husband is English and so I cajoled him into trying the cream tea here one afternoon. The service was incredibly friendly, so I feel pretty much like the devil to have to do this, but...  The sandwiches were stale, with that horrible "old crust" feeling. The scones weren't fresh, but reheated in a microwave. The clotted cream was more like whipped cream. The cakes were still frozen in the middle, making it pathetically obvious that the chef just lopped them off a larger block of ordered-in cake taken straight from the walk-in fridge. Thank goodness they had PG Tips tea to somewhat redeem this entire offering.  How can a place that calls itself "quintessentially British" pass this stuff off to their customers? I felt embarrassed for the waiter, who, being English, must know full-well how off everything is. Or is the whole kitchen quietly laughing to themselves, "Silly Americans! They'll eat anything if we tell them it's authentic!"  The kicker to the whole thing was that the price for this cream tea, $18, was a per-person cost, not per couple as I'd (stupidly) assumed. Thirty-six dollars for that big of a disappointment bums me out even now, four days later.   We'll be sticking to having tea time at our house, where the bread hasn't been sitting out on the counter all day.
I saw this place as one of the featured new openings.  My hubby is a Fish and Chips fanatic, he's always in search of a good one most especially if it's English, and he's so picky.  So I told him we should check this place out since there aren't too many English places around, and it had high ratings.  We went in late afternoon on Saturday over the labor day weekend.  Because of the time we went, there were only a few customers so we were seated immediately.  As you can see the pictures on their website, the place is really nice and modern.  We've actually been there when it was another upper scale seafood restaurant, and I believe they kept most of the furnishings.  All the staff greeted us and were very courteous, but nothing overtly, just very attentive.  My hubby of course ordered the Cod Fillet, I had the Steak, Mushroom and Ale Pie, and we ordered the English's Bolognese for our little one.  They can make any of the entrees kid sized, but we ordered the regular so we can always take it home.  We didn't order any appetizer's or dessert this go around.  The hubby liked his Cod, it was real crisp had a great crunch to it and the Cod was flaky and moist, however he said it was really good but not blown away.  My dish was good, but I know I wouldn't like the Ale taste, and I really wished the meat was much more tender than it was.  It was cooked well however this dish just was not to my liking but it might be to someone else.  The puff pastry was so light and flaky, so flaky that it crumbled so easily.  As for my daughter's meal, I like her's the most, it had really great flavor, and was a generous portion that I shared it with her again the next day.   I feel bad for the 3 star rating, I want to give them 4 because the aesthetics of the place, the attentive staff, the chef even came out to greet us which was real nice, the quality of the food seems to be real good, maybe if only we ordered something different.  Our selections just weren't to our taste, but it might be to someone else.  The hubby doesn't care to come back because of the many options there are out there.  However I would like to come back for the Afternoon Tea which you really don't find around.  Perhaps with girlfriends sometime.
My girlfriend and I came here for brunch. Sitting outside on the balcony right in the center of town square is a nice treat while you are out shopping and the british menu looked like a great change from all American food.  Our server was friendly, however our order of a simple breakfast kept getting messed up. We constantly had to ask our server for things he forgot to bring out, like silverware, coffee, water....After he apologized a 5th time, we just started taking this dining experience with humor instead of getting angry. When we received our bill we were charged for an item we never ordered  and were supposed to pay for coffee, although it states in the menu that coffee is complimentary with breakfast/brunch. Mistakes can happen or a server can have a bad day and I can't point the finger at one person, but it seemed as if the whole working team at English's that day (servers, manager, cook?) seemed not in tune and disorganized for a restaurant. What surprised me too was that it wasn't even that busy. A manager did come out to check in with us but this wasn't until we were ready to leave. The food we ordered was to our satisfaction and they have a special of unlimited $10 mimosas from 9am-11am), maybe one of the reasons we took this morning having brunch with ease. The 2 star rating is based on this one time overall experience, There are a lot of fantastic restaurants, pubs and bars in Las Vegas and I expected more from customer service.
So far I have only been in once for a late night, post movie dinner at Town Square. it was 9 pm, and happy hour was set to begin  at 930 so we ordered a round of drinks, and an appetizer of pate and waited for the happy hour to begin. I was hungry but willing to wait a bit for a good deal. Beers ordered, we waited patiently.   So.. They are going for a "British Pub", feel but my experience with pubs of the "British" variety are usually a lot more casual. So here's to something  new?  I like the space the restaurant is in, and I enjoy the feel of the place as a sort of refined feeling pub. It is what it is. Theres a couple of small LCD tvs on a wall here and there, with soccer (football) going at what seemed to be all times.   So we wait for our food, and as we wait they bring out a basket of warm pretzel rolls accompanied by a honey mustard sauce and some pickles. Very good. I loved it. 10 pm rolls around, no appetizer shows and my entree rolls in. (no appetizer showed up) I had requested to hold one Beef Wellington for me as the server said they only had 2 left.. I wanted it post appetizer. When I asked about it, the server said that the other table ordered on and she was confused that we wanted the pate as an appetizer also.  So.. mistakes happen, but it was unfortunate as I was hungry and wanted to try a few different things on the menu. So I had another beer and moved past it. Let me note that there was only one other table besides us..   Anyway, I'll probably try it again. Definitely for happy hour. Our bill was about $48 for 3 of us, so it was a nice inexpensive late night treat.   Happy eating!
Great tea selections, fresh food and great atmosphere. I had a bowl of split pea soup which was not too thick or thin. Priced just right, and service was excellent as well. Definitely repeat.
I went here tonight.  And it was very delicious!  I had the cornish pasty (Was $16.95) with mashed potatoes and honeyed carrots.  It was awesome.  The pastry of the pasty was nice and crisp outside and the meat stewish mixture inside was very well flavored.  The mashed potatoes were pretty much the best I have ever had.  And normally I hate eating the side vegetables, but the carrots were good!  I also got a pot of earl grey tea which was very nice as well.  The service was also very good and they weren't  overcrowded.  I definitely recommend this place!    They also have a good happy hour for alcohol.  I didn't order any, but during happy hour cocktails, beer, and well drinks, are like all under $5.    I will definitely be back!
Warm beer, disinterested staff, boring atmosphere, bad music, okay food. Had the burger and chips. Fries were really greasy and burger was overcooked but not terrible.
BRITISH FOOD!  Ok....not normally known for their cuisine, I grew up eating British food here and there due to my English grandmother.   Went here on a Friday evening for happy hour. What a great deal! They had multiple bites for 5 dollars or less. The hubby ordered beer battered sliders and chips (fries, of course). Yummy! Also fish and chip sliders were ordered. AMAZING! They had a special that day that included a flight of beer paired with traditional English dishes for 14 bucks! Each dish and beer was out of this world. Also the pretzels were surprisingly delicious!  The best part of all was the $10 pitchers of draft beer or just $3 for a pint. Also wine and other drafts could be purchased at a cheaper price.   I heard they have a roast Sunday. One of my favorite things growing up was the roast my grandmother would make. I also heard they have all you can drink mimosas during brunch for $10. Will definitely have to check that out.  All of the servers were British or at least speaking with authentic sounding British accents. They all were very nice and accommodating. The outdoor patio was great due to the weather being amazing!!  I hope this place makes it. I loved Cana before it closed and had pretty good meals at the restaurant before that.
I thought the happy hour was limited but good for just opening a restaurant.I hated the deep fried overcooked burger, but kudos to the Colman's mustard and the HP sauce. The fish and chip slider was yummy. Myself and friend were completely unamused by our bartender, Kimmy.She was unattentive, unpersonable, and apparently too consumed with work with the two of us plus two others at her bar. My advise to her would be to have fun, be genuine, smile,and find another job....maybe political science?
Ok, I've got to come out of writing retirement after experiencing this place...there are simply no postive words to describe this place.  It started when I was seated in a dining room where 3-4 tables had other guests...no rush, not busy, yet it took the waiter over 5 minutes to even greet me, and another 5 minutes to get some water.   I should have expected a sub-par food experience...I mean, are the Brits generally known for their great cuisine?  Think about it....  The Fish &Chip sliders were unique, but nothing to bring others to also try it.  Service is certainly going to close the doors on this place....watch the host (who also doubles as the bartender) ignore the customers while he focuses on the TV....  Sad, but this is a place I would purposely avoid if faced with dining options at Town Square again....
Best fish and chips I have had in a long time!  Service was a little slow but the food was worth the wait!
My husband and I tried this place out this week using a Groupon we got, hoping for some delicious meat pie. I haven't had any since my last visit to England, and the sampler with its shrimp cocktail, pate, salmon crostini, and English cheese sounded like an excellent way to start our pie-tastic feast.  They looked a bit busy for a Wednesday night. Unfortunately, it showed, since our server was rushing everywhere, sometimes on our behalf, and occasionally forgot things.  The night did not bode well from the beginning when we had a scare that they might not accept our Groupon via the phone app, but our server cleared that up and we were good to go. I asked her if I could get hot tea instead of soda for the deal, which included two sodas, and she told me that would be perfectly fine, so I asked for an Earl Gray. Being hungry, I was a little bummed that no bread or other snack was offered, and it was a long time until we saw her again with an (iced) tea and even longer until we saw the appetizer.  This was the biggest disappointment of all--the appetizer had none of the "British cheese" promised on the menu, and when our server asked the kitchen for us about it they apparently looked at her like she was speaking Greek. But that's actually the part we were looking forward to on the sampler the most--and with good reason, it turns out.  Protip: if you're going to order pate, make sure you LIKE pate. I never had it before so I was not prepared for the paste of horrible livery meat-ness that came sliced an inch thick on a poor overburdened little crostini. My husband went at it bravely but there just wasn't enough bread to allow him to eat all (or most) of it. The shrimp cocktail were a little bland and could have benefited from a little more of the paprika they'd used to season/decorate it, although the salmon crostini was deliciously salty and creamy. But no cheese! Our server continued to investigate.  I can't say we weren't a little disappointed when our pies got to the table, and weren't pies. I had the chicken and leek and he had the steak and ale, but both were meat stews beside a mound of mashed potatoes and three neat-looking honeyed carrots, with three individual little cubes of puff pastry on top. Mine was okay, a little dry and would have loved some more leeks, but his was fantastic with tender, beer-marinaded beef and rich gravy. Still... we wished they were really pies.  When we were eating our entrees, our sever came back and asked us if someone had gotten back to us about the no-cheese issue... no one had. Finally she just told us, we've been horrible, so I will BUY you a cheese plate. That was so cool of her we were just floored, and she meant it--after dinner, a full cheese plate arrived, and let me tell you, it was glorious. I reminded her about the hot tea I was still waiting for, which she brought out right away, and we had a lovely dessert.   At the end of the day, the food was pretty good, but the prices really exceeded what it was worth. Despite everything, I will probably still come back... for happy hour!
Huge selection of food. They also have a nice Brunch menu.  Service was very good.  Definitely an improvement over Cana.
went for happy hour ,we still spent $100.00 altogether, we asked for more toast, and the waiter returned with one , I repeat 1-little burnt melba toast cracker sitting in the middle of a big plate, that should tell you to stay away, very understated and very boarish staff, Waiter named Samuel never ever cleared the table of loads of plates that I had stacked up for him to take, leaving a messy table . And we still tipped him $20.bucks for drab srvice and no personality. You couldt pay me a free meal to return,ever.
Been here four times now, and have had a chance to experience brunch, afternoon tea, lunch, & happy hour.   My first experience was brunch. I was pleasantly surprised. Prices were pretty decent, and each item includes coffee or tea. I forget the name of what I ordered, bu it came with toast, eggs, mushrooms, spinach, and tomatoes. It was pretty good. Everything was seasoned on it's own, and everything went together well when it was eaten together.  Afternoon tea was alright. They have a decent selection of tea, including traditional teas such as Earl Grey & Jasmine - as well as offering some flavored teas, as well as higher end straight teas such as a Darjeeling Estate & Dragonwell. While I liked the selection of tea, I wasn't a big fan of the way it was brewed. It is loose leaf tea, and they put the leaves straight into the pot. As they give it to you, they offer a timer to help you know when your tea is done. The only problem is - there is no way of taking the leaves out when the tea is done brewing. Yes, your first cup of tea might be perfect. But the next two or three you can get out of the pot - are bound to be bitter and burnt, since the tea leaves just sit in the hot water, constantly brewing. Other than that - tea service was good. Scones were a bit too sweet for me to eat more than half of it - bu it was nice that they give you two. Finger sandwiches include a salmon/cream cheese, egg salad, & a cucumber/butter sandwich. I was a bit weird-ed out by the cucumber sandwich, but  maybe that's just me.   Went for lunch this last Sunday. I got the Toad in the Hole. It was pretty good, but worth the price? Maybe not. Everyone I was with enjoyed their food. The only hitch in the day was he service. Pretty bad service. Our waitress was gone most of the time - it took her nearly 10 minutes just to come back and take our order. And nearly another 30-40 minutes for the food to come back. Spending an hour in a restaurant purely waiting isn't something I look forward to when going to eat.   Lastly, happy hour. Pretty good prices. They offer $10 pitchers of their English's beer. The beer wasn't anything fancy. The bartender compared it to Bud Light, but it tasted nothing like it. We ordered he fish n chip sliders, burger sliders, & cheese plate. The cheese plate was a big hit, fish was alright, and the burger patties were deep fried. None of us were expecting that surprise and none of us were too fond of it either. But hey, $5 sliders - good deal.   All in all, it's a place I've obviously liked, since I've been back 4 times in the course of a week in a half. I'll probably just be sticking to the brunch and happy hour parts though. Their menu is a bit pricey, and having to deal with the bad service just isn't worth it.
I've been here twice so far and have had the same server who has been equally helpful, funny, and clever both times. The first time was for my birthday where we just had some hot tea and dessert (great place to get out of the rain). The knickerbocker glory was delicious but perhaps not the best choice since that was the coldest day in Vegas this month, it was pouring outside, and my objective had been to warm up... The second time I was treated to afternoon tea by my dear friend, Jadira R (who knows I absolutely adore afternoon tea).   I have to say, I've gone a bit afternoon tea crazy in the past two months and this tea was still quite good. I think what impressed me was the quantity of food per order. I had been instructed to "come hungry" so I hadn't eaten prior to arriving here. The set came with three types of sandwiches (two triangles of each per person), large scones (two per person), and mini desserts (I absolutely loved the chocolate one best of the three).   I will definitely be back for my afternoon tea fix!
Info: Happy hour 3:30-6:30pm and 9:30-11pm $10 beer pitchers $5: Fish and chip sliders (2), beef burger sliders (2), cheese plate, cocktails, $4: pretzel bread basket, wine by the glass, well drinks $3: pint beers $2 chip curry, courgettes  I came here with Don for late night happy hour after he picked me up from the airport. They didn't have hot tea on the menu, but Don asked them if they had any and the waiter/bartender just brought out the whole selection because he didn't have it memorized. They had: Earl Grey, Mint Melange, Dragonwell, Chamomile Citrus, Darjeeling Estate, Wild Blossoms & Berries, Orange Dulce, Wild Blackberries, and Spring Jasmine. It was a pretty awesome selection and Don went with the Spring Jasmine ($4.59 for a pot). I really wanted a cocktail so I ordered Hard Tea off their specialty cocktail menu, which really just tasted like iced tea, until the ice melted and I really tasted the vodka. .   When the waiter came back with our drinks, I ordered one the Fish and Chip Sliders AND the Beef Burger Sliders. Don followed in suit. Yes, I was starving. I was excited to come home and all I ate that day was the peanuts on the flight. The thing that bothered me was that the waiter made us feel like total fatasses that didn't understand what we were ordering. Originally, I said "I want two fish and chip sliders and two beef burger sliders." The waiter informed me that each order comes with two, so I told him I want one order of each then (again, 4 sliders). He explained twice that that would be four sliders. I knew what I ordered and I didn't need it repeated to me...He then proceeded to stop by with a plate of four sliders and showed it to me saying, "See, this is what you would be getting in your order. It would be all of this." WTF! Yes, I KNOW what I ordered. I originally said I WANTED 2 fish and chip sliders and 2 beef burger sliders, but he seemed to think I couldn't count correctly for some reason. I understand that may have seemed like too much food, but seriously, I DO eat a lot and I even said, "Yeah I know, I'm really hungry." It just bothered me that he felt the need to explain what I was ordering 2 times then bring a plate of sliders out just to SHOW me what I ordered. That was unnecessary, and frankly, it made me feel like he was insulting my intelligence.   While our food was being prepared, I noticed Don trying to fish out the tea leaves from his tea. I told him it comes with a strainer so he could strain the tea while pouring it into the cup, but I realized he was trying to fish it out because there was no strainer in the actual tea pot, so his tea was getting very bitter by the minute. The waiter passed by and said, "You know, it comes with the strainer so you don't have to try to strain the tea in the pot." We told him why we doing that and he said he understood, but I don't think he did because he didn't try to do anything to help that. Don's tea got so bitter that he couldn't even drink it anymore. The only good tea was what he poured into his cup right away. All the tea in the pot got spoiled with bitterness because the pile of leaves was just sitting in it.   The Fish and Chip Sliders were probably my favorite of everything we had. They were pretty unique and pretty damn good. The fish was very juicy on the inside and nice and crisp on the outside. They put the perfect amount of tartar sauce in it so that it wasn't overpowering, but complimented the fish very well. The beef sliders on the other hand, were very dry and plain. I had a hard time getting those to go down.  Overall, if it wasn't for the service, I'd probably give this place 3 stars. The happy hour menu is decently priced and they also have daily specials, which is always a plus.
I've been here twice since my last review and both experiences have been great. I'm guessing it's because I never got that server/bartender guy from my first visit again. Yesterday I came for afternoon tea with a friend and we got the Champagne Cream Tea which comes with tea service, scones, cream jam, finger sandwiches, pastries and a glass of champagne. I actually had two glasses of tasty champagne because my friend is allergic, so I think that made my experience even better ;)  The portions that you get for your $25 are actually pretty big compared to other afternoon tea services in town. Each person gets a glass of champagne, 6 little sandwich triangles, 2 large scones, and 3 mini desserts. It took about 15 minutes for them to bring out the 3 tier tea stand with the goodies, so we just drank our tea during that time. I knew from my previous two visits I had to drink it fast because all the tea leaves (and there's a lot of them) are just floating in the pot and it doesn't get strained until you pour it into your cup, so it gets very bitter. After eating the sandwiches, which were a little dry, I was already feeling a little full, but I couldn't resist their delicious scones, cream, and jam. Their cream is homemade and so light and fluffy. My favorite mini dessert was probably the chocolate one with a hazelnut crunch. It tasted like Ferrero Rocher chocolates.   Overall, I still have yet to come here for their regular menu, but so far I love their tea service and it's a great deal. I'm not big on their sandwiches though, so next time I'll probably stick to the Sussex Cream Tea service and mix that with some of the small bites on their happy hour menu which is around the same time as Afternoon tea.
Banana Nut Bread Beer is worth the trip although a bit pricey. The food was decent but nothing would bring me back other than that beer. They only had one waitress and the tables were all full. I don't think they were expecting a full house. The house dressing was a thick honey mustard. It seemed better suited for chicken fingers than a salad. The atmosphere was nice but I think it won't be around much longer just like the other places before it in that spot.
Absolutely love this place! I've been here a few times before and keep coming back for the great happy hour and awesome service. (Matt you rock!)  I have lived in England and I have to say..not a big fan of English food (I'm not a huge meat eater). But when I came to English's I was pleasantly surprised that the menu has other items beside traditional English fare.  Usually I get the ham and cheese sandwich (melted cheese on top, yum!) or the fish and chip sliders. My boyfriend (an English carnivore) loves the Steak and Ale pie. They also have a pie flight on the menu- three mini pies paired with three beers...which my guy seems to love as well  As for the drinks, I'm a pretty big fan of the "English pirate", which is Newcastle with a shot of captain Morgan... deadly but delicious:)   Overall a great place, and my new favorite spot to grab a bite before a movie.
English's is located on the second floor, above Double Helix.  Maybe because it was New Year's Day and Town Square was pretty dead, but the restaurant had a weird feeling to it.  We were sat instantly, no wait.  But it was weird because almost all of the inside tables were dirty and needed to be bussed.  In fact, by the end of our meal, none of those tables had been cleaned.  It was also a little odd that when we were leaving the hostess was sitting outside the front door, smoking, and said "thanks for coming!"  I won't think too much on all of that since, again it was New Year's Day, and they were probably shorthanded, but it still made you go "huh?"  We ordered: *Mussels- mussels, bacon, onions, cider broth ($9.50) HUGE portion and this was from the Appetizer menu! Truthfully, I didn't understand the bacon in it.  I probably would have preferred the flavors of the entree of mussels and maybe I should have asked if it came in the appetizer portion.  I couldn't finish the portion, that's how big it was!  But the mussels themselves were delicious!  *Cod & Chips- beer batter, hand cut chips, minted peas ($13.95) The cod was cooked perfectly and had wonderful flavor!  The tartar sauce was excellent!  I would definitely order that again!  I would want to come back here for Afternoon Tea or Happy Hour. They have outside seating with heat lamps and a nice bar.  So you have some options for seating.  I would be willing to come back again and give it another try.
I fell in love with English food here. I can't wait to go back or visit England and hope its just as yummy. We went on a Sunday afternoon, so it wasn't too busy, which was nice. Our waiter Samuel was terrific.  I started with a Hard Tea which was fruity and refreshing. I shared a Pie and Beer Flight special with my husband, which was so yummy, 3 pies (beef, chicken and cottage) each paired with a small glass of beer. They were all delicious. Quiet a few people at our table got the Creme Tea Service, which everyone seemed to enjoy.  For my meal I ordered the Cod and Chips...it was so good, the fries were cooked perfect...crispy on the outside, soft and potatoey in the center. The cod had a light batter dipped coating, not greasy, and the cod was moist and flaky. Good tartar sauce dip. Oh and the peas! the peas! I have hated peas up to this point. The minted peas on the side were awesome, so fresh tasting, I think this is how peas were meant to taste. Doug got the Beef Wellington special, it came with seasoned french fried potatoes, carrots, and a Yorkshire pudding. Everything was quite tasty. We were all stuffed and couldn't even think of dessert. Next time hopefully.
Doesn't look so much like a British Pub inside, but nice, good food and good happy hour deals. The fish and chips are really good!!
Afternoon tea today was nice.  Service was a little slow, but since we weren't in a hurry, it wasn't that big of deal.  Our table of five all got the Sussex Cream Tea, which comes with tea, two scones, cream and jam.  $10  Afterwards, adult friend and I reflected that we both should have gotten at least one Cream tea ($18) which came with the tri-level tower of finger sandwiches.  We realize that our girls (hers 3 & 4 and mine 4) would not have eaten anymore food, it would have been cute and a few items may have been eaten.  Not too busy at 3:30.  Hoped for a little more serene, little less loud (college football game on in the bar area).  Overall, I would return for lunch or tea again.
Love this place! We went on a Saturday afternoon and were pleasantly surprised to see that they were not busy. Two of us ordered the cream tea service, and the other ordered their potato & leek soup. Everything was delicious - the tea and the food. We are looking forward to returning to have lunch or dinner and sample more of their food! Service was also good.
The food was good but the service was not... This was only the second time to Englishes however, it was the last. Both times the same server inflated the bill by over $20 Does she really think we will keep coming back if she keeps overcharging. I don't see how they will be open much longer with the way they run this place. For now I will stay away!
The girls and I felt like total rockstars on a Sunday morning brunch with bottomless bloody marys.  We were one of four total tables, being our first visit I'm not sure if this is the norm.  The bloody marys were excellent, as well as the food.  Portions were very generous at reasonable prices.  I can personally vouch for the english countryside, which consists of grilled mushrooms, tomatoes, wilted spinach, eggs (to order) and toast @ $9.95.  Brunch is served 7 days/week from 9am - 12pm, with all items ranging from $7 - 15 + $10 for unlimited bloody marys, mimosas, or bellinis.  They offer afternoon tea from 2pm - 5pm, which sounds absolutely delightful, but I've yet to have enough spare time & cash to pull it off.
We went here for dinner and thought it was good, just not great! We ordered cocktails, a cheese plate appetizer and cod and chips. The cocktails were great, the cheese plate was very nice, and the cod was good, but it just didn't have much flavor. Also we arrived and ordered well within happy hour, but our drinks and appetizer was not discounted on our check. My fault for not noticing before we left! So if you go here be sure to make sure your check is correct. Overall it was good, but I doubt if I'd go back.
Good food with ok service.  Very nice but not very attentive.  Food was good but just did not have the quality that makes me need to go back.
Straight to the point ... bad service!!! I went on a Sunday with my boyfriend to have lunch before the movies & was looking forward to some good food. We got there with no one at the door & decided to walk in but were happy to see it pretty empty.  Sat down fairly quickly and was greeted by not 1 ..not 2 ..but 3 servers! I thought nice we have an hour to kill & can enjoy great service & great food ... I gave them too much credit! We saw all the servers who greeted us but we didn't get drinks till 10 minutes after sitting down.  They didn't even bring menu's since they were all out! After another 5 minutes or so we were finally handed a menu & decided to make our decision fast in case it would take awhile till our "servers" came around. Another five minutes passed and the very unhappy server came over & took our order with a sign each time (weird).  From there we just waited .... and waited ... and waited some more! After 25 minutes (and I am not exaggerating) the server came over & saw our empty drinks & finally offered us another refill but we declined & asked about our food ..server: "Ohh I forgot, let me check" .... Needless to say she came back & said a few more minutes and we decided to leave and not wait anymore or miss our movie.  I will definitely not ever recommend this place & would not be surprised nor sad if it closes.  It's nothing special and they definitely don't treat you like you're special.
Great service. Bar staff is very knowledgable about the menu and drinks. Awesome happy hour. I consider this place a diamond in the desert where locals can go and get some great food from across the pond as well as great drink specials.
This place was amazing, and for whatever reason almost empty inside!!  Me and my friend chose to sit outside since the day was gorgeous.  The waitress was very nice, gave advice on what we ordered, my friend got steak and frites.  The steak was a lil more done but was EXCELLENT and i got the cod and chips, talk about superb!!  The dessert was something called summer pudding.  SOOO freakin good!!  Love you can host parties from brunch, afternoon teas, happy hour, cocktail hour etc.  Definitely going to do that!!!
Afternoon tea is the way to go. The pricing varies on the level chosen and caters to different levels of hunger. A friend and I stopped in after a smoothie at Whole Foods and just wanted a pick me up. We opted for the Sussex Cream Tea set.   For $10, there is an extensive choice of teas, two large scones, some kind of cream, and jam. I am unsure of what to call the thick cream because normally tea is served with clotted cream, but I have never had it before. The consistency of ours was similar to a thicker and richer whipped cream. It was also less sweet than it's counter part. The combination of all the flavors was nice with the Tropical Green Tea. It would probably go better with a traditional black tea. Nonetheless, it was a nice experience. I might skip breakfast one day and go for the Cream Tea Service. For $8 more, it comes with finger sandwiches and pastries. By the time we finished, I felt like taking a nap, so I can only imagine how decadent  and heavy this combination would be.   If there was one complaint it would be about how the tea leaves are floating in the pot. I drink my tea quickly and by the third cup, my tea had already become bitter. It had over steeped. It is nice that they offer refills on hot water. Having a strainer in the pot would have been better than giving the one for the cup.   James, our server, was diligent and polite. Came by to check on us, but gave us our space as well. Looking over their happy hour menu, it would be a nice spot to stop by for a glass of wine or a pint. It goes Monday-Friday from 3:30-6:30 for anyone who is interested.
Waited 15 minutes for a server to acknowledge me. Left before being acknowledged at all. Rating based on service since I didn't wait around to order food.
OK so what you see is what you get with English's Gastropub.  There is an awesome selection of imported beers.  They usually have a few different drink specials running so pay attention.  The waitstaff varies from excellent to incompetent.  Charlotte is an absolute treat to work with.  She is so helpful and willing to go the extra mile to ensure the customer has a great time.  The menu offers some items that you just can't get many places that I have found around here.  The pie flight (savory) is insane, the bangers are the best the sides always come out to perfection.  The food and tea service is awesome.    The decor of the restaurant is hip, euro-trendy.  It isn't necessarily to my taste but honestly, I forget what my taste is for $5 all you can drink pints with my lunch!  Advice to management: tighten up your hiring process.  If someone is so miserable to be there then let them go! It affects the way the public sees you as a management team.
English's pub indeed has a nice location and several interesting beers on the menu. But unfortunately the charm ends there. I am not a huge fan of English cuisine but do enjoy a good Fish and Chips every so often.   We have now been back to English's twice in the event the first visit was a fluke and have found the food quality to be sporadic, the wait staff to be generally unhappy, and the happy hour to have some items (beer and apps) not on their happy hour menu. (And a 10$ beer is overboard)  Seems like many of the items have potatoes in them as a filler ingredient as well which I found to strange.....We ordered a cheese dip and it was mashed taters and cheese. Not good and too filling for an app. They also don't have the live entertainment on the balcony area that brought us there originally. And don't bother to ask for a kids menu. They don't have it and the wait staff will get confused.  There are too many other good choices in Town Square where your money will go further.
Enjoyed the Pimms but that's where the enjoyment stopped.  The food was bland and service was nothing spectacular. On a later date, I had high tea there. Scones were good but the little sandwiches tasted stale and the salmon in them tasted like it was out of a package.
Made reservations for 3 people for the Sunday Morning brunch.  Looking at the reviews you should see a common thread, the food is good if sometimes inconsistent, the service in horrendous.  Not bad, really horrendous, as in stupendously  bad.  Bad in a way you really dont want to use the word bad, it deserves so much worse.  We showed up at 11:50 for our 12 o'clock reservation we then had the opportunity to stare at the reservation desk for 5 minutes because the woman who was supposed to be the hostess was nowhere to be found.  Finally got sat down as the hostess was talking on the phone while trying to seat us, oh such spectacular manners.  After being sat down bartender came and asked us if we would like drinks.  Explained that we would like the Champagne and Trifle special.  He left our iced tea showed up five minutes later.  Our server took our order of the Sampler Appetizer and brunch items and then wait began...the long long wait.    After waiting 25 minutes no sign of the bartender and someone we hadn't seen before brought out a salad...no sampler platter, but a salad...that no one ordered.  So I'm at 25 minutes no iced tea left, sitting on the patio thinking something to drink might be nice.  My favorite smarmy bartender walks by and I ask him about the champagne ordered almost 30 minutes prior.  "Well you aren't qualified for that special", now let's discount the fact that I spent six years in college so I'm generally able to read simple offers with no assistance.  My friendly bartender obviously was not that intelligent.  Explaining to him the offer and the fact that I did indeed qualify for it I would like it fulfilled he left, as he left I asked to speak to the manager.  7 minutes later out he comes...I of course still dont have the appetizer that was order over 30 minutes  earlier.  I get an apology and an excuse from him, I really wasn't in the mood for either.  The last thing I want to hear is "Well I just got in" a much more acceptable response would have been "You should not have to deal with these kind of issues when choosing to dine here.  I will make sure that everything is taken care of for you."  That could have salvaged the entire meal.  At this point I just assumed that Mr "I just got here" Manager would make sure everything else was going to be smooth.  I overestimated his ability to run a restaurant.  My wife went without anything to drink for over 10 minutes.  We finally received our food 48 minutes after sitting down.  Not bad if we were ordering something more complex than a filet sandwich with greens or fish and chip sliders.  Of course the side of curry sauce I ordered could not be delivered with my meal.  Instead I waited another 7 minutes for that and they still managed to still charge me an extra dollar for a sauce for my cold fries.  Generally the theme for this meal was the food was ok, when it was delivered correctly.  The service in case I forgot to mention it....was horrid, I would use a different word that horrid if I could find one that would turn my stomach dealing with the complete incompetence I had to deal with.  If after reading this you choose to eat at English's Quintessentially Slow Gastro Pub (I stole the "Quintessentially Slow" part from a friend of mine who happens to be a genius) I hope your experience is better than mine because I'm fairly certain it could not be worse.  I forgot the cherry on top of this experience was the Bartender telling me taking care of drinks wasn't his job.  Update- ** I have great respect for an organization that states "Our goal is to provide the kind of unique and genuine sort of personal care and attention that our customers tell stories about" That certainly was not my experience on Sunday as reflected in my review.  What also is not stated in that review is the spot note I received from the owner after reading my review.  Too often restaurants are way too quick to offer free drinks or meals to compensate for problems and layer apologies on top of that.  What I have found is sadly lacking is someone willing to take accountability of problems.  In this instance Jacob at English's has risen far above his peers.  Hopefully I will in the future have an opportunity to dine at English's and have an experience that I can "tell stories about"  At the least I am now convinced that at least one person at English's understands and has a passion for the food service industry.
My husband had the fish and chips and he loved it.  I enjoyed the high tea.  I think it's a great price compared to what you would get in the hotels.  I like the simplicity that they have the high tea everyday rather than trying to remember which hotel does it on the weekdays or weekends... The ambiance is nice.
I stopped into English's with a friend on a Saturday evening during happy hour and sat at the bar.  We did not eat an entire meal but had the cheese plate and some wine. The glasses of wine were 50% off and the cheese plate was $5. It contained three English cheeses, which were very unique, and some French bread.  My friend also had some loose leaf chamomile tea which was excellent. They have happy hour twice a day from 3:30 to 6:30 and 9:30 till close. The place does not look British but the food definitely is.  The manager was friendly and bar staff were both friendly and knowledgeable. We enjoyed our experience and plan on going back again soon to try the afternoon tea.
Great for happy hour and kids friendly. Food is good and beer selection is great.  Atmosphere is very relaxed and fun. We did not feel rushed as we often do at other Town Square restaurants. Our server  Samuel was awesome! We will definitely be back!
I had a Radio Shopping Show coupon and decided to stop by on a sunday afternoon to check this place out (they were booked solid the previous night so I had HIGH hopes).  My friend and I were greeted warmly by the hostess and were escorted to a two-top by the window.  Very good service so far....but it was hit or miss after that.  No one came over to the table for at least 10 minutes.  That's a pet peeve of mine....especially in a half-filled restaurant.  There is no excuse.  Only after I kept looking around repeatedly did a nice British waiter come over and ask if we had been seen.  He was friendly but seemed somewhat overworked.  The aloof and icy bartender came over to take the drink order.  We ordered the house draft ale but we got a substitution because the house ale was looking a bit 'foamy' which was odd but appreciated.  We both ordered the onion soup which was quite good and was served in a reasonable amount of time.  Next came the Cod & Chips with minted peas...also quite good.  Now for the down side:  no one came over to refill the water glasses...something that should always be done especially when drinking alcohol.  We were not asked if we wanted dessert....the check just appeared.  I had my credit card (and coupon) sitting on that check for a LONG time before it was taken.  The manager, who was setting up the next table, saw the check sitting there at least 5 times and never bothered to take it up for us.  This lunch turned into a 90-minute ordeal which is excessive.  When we exited the restaurant, we passed the hostess who was busy handing menus to potential customers.  We both thanked her, she looked right at us and COMPLETELY ignored us.  She saw dollar signs only and was completely oblivious to exiting customers.  This is all too typical in the resort corridor but many locals go here....it's not as if this place was inside the Bellagio!  Despite the good food, I will never go back to this restaurant.  I wouldn't even go with another coupon.
I was so very disappointed with my second visit to this place.  The first time my husband and I dined alone, and the service wasn't great but the food was really good.  I was excited to see that they offered afternoon tea on the menu, so I thought this would be a perfect place to bring my mom and grandmother for mother's day!  Maybe I should have made a reservation, so the wait is on me, but certainly not what happened after we showed up.  The hostess asked for how many, I said four... she sighed audibly and rolled her eyes.  She stated the wait would be 45 minutes, which is not a big deal.  We browsed around TS shops for about 30 minutes then came back upstairs to wait outside the restaurant.  The hostess stared at us but didn't say anything.  After 45 minutes, my husband asked how much longer she thought the wait might be.  She looked flustered and replied that she had forgotten all about us (I wish I were joking here, I'm not!!!!!!!) and that it would be another 20-30 minutes.  We left, of course.  I won't bother them with my wallet again.
Sorry to give this place such a low rating.  I really wanted to like it but impossible with their food and service.  We went there twice to give it a try.  On our second visit we tried English's advertised Thursday night special posted on their website and on facebook.  Curry, naan, paps, and wine or beer for $10 total.  Hard to beat, huh?  Except when the food comes out, no naan.  Really, that's a main side to curry.  I told the waitress they forgot it and she said that they decided to stop serving it because their prices had gone up.  Really?  Then why don't you take it off the menu.  I was shocked.  I think I would have been happier to think they burned it and couldn't serve it rather than a bait and switch deal.  EQB might be 5 minutes from my house but I won't set foot in their again.  Almost forgot, had to ask for wine three times.
I came here for dinner and I really enjoyed this place.  We visited on a Sunday evening and it was very empty except for the people hanging outside on the patio, so we got great service.  I'm not sure how typical that is, but I expected more people on a weekend.  It's a modern and swanky place, not anything like a typical British pub.  It's upscale at very reasonable prices.  I had the cod and chips, which I thought was perfectly seasoned and fried, and my husband had the bangers and mash.  The sausage had a really good flavor to them.  My cod and chips came with a side of minted peas, which were really tasty and made me feel less guilty about eating the cod and chips.
First time here with my wife and we loved it. Our server Olga was great and we really liked the happy hour beef sliders.
The wife had been having a great deal of stress at work, so I was determined to get her out for a nice meal and some tasty drinks. She was very unhappy at the idea of going out, but she needed it. I had planned to visit another restaurant and had to wait for a table. Meanwhile, we decided to see what English's looked like. We were immediately greeted warmly and found a comfortable ambiance and happy staff . We immediately abandoned the original restaurant and decided to stay at English's. From the "beer flight" I ordered (highly recommended) at the bar to the "Knickerbocker Glory" dessert ordered by my wife, the food and drink was very nice. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, although just slightly less attentive than I'd have liked. Located on the upper level, the restaurant was quiet and very relaxing. Outside, there was plenty of patio seating that gave you a nice view of the central 'park' area with the faux grass. The hardest part was deciding what to eat! We got the appetizer sampler, which was well-presented and had a nice variety of flavors and textures. The food was great and we can't wait to go back again! Best of all, my wife had a great time, winning me some serious bonus points.
Afternoon tea was delicious and adorable. Happy hour has great deals. Most (food) items are from $2-5. $5 Cocktails is also awesome. Only been here for tea and happy hour so I can't review about dinner or entrees. So far I've had a pleasant experience and hearing a British accent from the server wasn't too bad also ;)
I was out for a litle shopping trip on a Sunday with the baby and we wanted to stop somewhere to get a bite to eat. When dining with a 1-year old, I usually try to go for something casual, quick, and with a remotely healthy option. For myself, I like to go to new places - no repeats and no chains. Without reading any of the reviews, I thought about my options at town square. Johnny Mcguire's would be perfect, but it closed for good a couple weeks ago. I had already been to most of the other places, so I thought we'd check out English's. British pubs are usually pretty casual, right? Well, there I have shown my ignorance. While English's is British (quintessentially British, in fact!), that does not make it a pub! Actually, the inside is quite classy - tablecloths and everything. The breakfast/brunch menu looked pretty good, and we got the countryside breakfast (or something like that), which was delicious grilled mushrooms/tomatoes/spinach and scrambled eggs. The dinner menu looked ok - some typical british food like steak pies, fish & chips, and curry, and then some other stuff like hamburgers. The happy hour & specials looked legit - unlimited mimosas/bloody mary's on Sundays for $12, half off all drinks from I think 5-7 and 9-close every night. House beers are cool, although I didn't try any. Crazy selection of teas. Friendly service. Nice patio. More upscale than you expect.
Great food and good drinks at a fair price; and yes its in Las Vegas.   Cheddar and spinach dip was as good as I've had anywhere and O so cheesy. Salmon crostini was tasty and not overpowering as smoked salmon can be. Curry Thursday, curry and a pint for $10, as good as I've had anywhere. Steak Pie was rich and filling as it should be.  Nice ambiance and great people...a standout owner operated restaurant at an over commercialized Town Square.
Great Happy Hour 9:30 - 11pm can't beat it. They have awesome french fries, the wait staff was excellent and their dessert was delicious. You can have a tea party there for a ladies day out or a birthday party, it needs local support so go out and try it!
5 stars for traditional tea with scones and finger sandwiches, 2 stars for soup and salad combination and service.  Let me start out by saying that Fruli here is $11. I solemnly swear to never complain about the liquor store price of Fruli ever again (~$4). No, thanks. I love you a lot, Fruli, but not THAT much.   Must have gotten here at shift change because the person who took and brought our drink orders was not the person who served us the rest of the afternoon. I know it was a difficult time to come in (late afternoon mid-week), but you gotta somehow balance your sidework in the back and your tables in the front. Our second server was not super adept at this balance--it took literally forever to get our check. I'm not one to flag down a server, but she wasn't even around to flag down.   But let me back up a bit. The soup and salad was pretty gross--the onion soup had z.e.r.o. flavor and the server forgot my dressing for my salad. The salad was okay, but the two together were definitely not worth the ~$9. My friend's traditional tea, however, was spectacular. The scones, yum! The tea she ordered was delicious as well.   Don't go in the late afternoon (ummm...isn't that supposed to be Tea Time?!?) but I would venture to try it again earlier in the day or later in the evening.
Happy Birthday English's!  After one year, English's continues to improve. My husband (WOOHOO!)and I went to English's to celebrate their one year anniversary last Sunday. If you like them on Facebook you will see their Facebook Friends Only specials, and for their birthday, they had plenty.  We went for brunch, my favorite meal of the week. Since it was their birthday, many of their dishes were $5 only. Add $10 for endless Bloody Mary's or mimosas and brunch was served! I loved that their menu had symbols letting the diner know what was gluten free, vegetarian, etc. I love gluten free restaurants! The husband had the Full English breakfast, while I had the GF sirloin and eggs. He got the Bloody Mary's, I got the mimosas. First, English's Bloody Mary was hands down one of the best versions we have ever had. My husband is something of a Bloody Mary connoisseur, so when I saw the blissful happiness spread across his face, I knew we had a winner. After we told Samuel, the best server ever, that the Bloody was phenomenal, he asked, "Have you ever had one with gin?" Why not? HOLY CRAP FANTASTICNESS. The mimosas? Nice color, not overly OJ'd and not too much champagne. Perfect...every time.  Now the food! Bobby's Full English lasted almost 20 minutes on his plate. Normally he inhales his food, but because it was so perfectly done and delicious, he savored every bit. Eggs, bacon, Heinz beans, sausage, toast and mushrooms that made my mouth water. He added a side of hash browns just to make sure he was full. Loved every bite. The sirloin and eggs? FANTASTIC. For $5, I wondered what was going to come out on the plate. The sirloin? Slender, not fatty, not greasy, tender, moist, perfectly cooked medium rare, just delicious. The eggs, over easy (you can choose), when broken over the steak? Heaven! And oh those hash browns. Both of us loved those hash browns. They weren't the out of the bag hash browns or the diner hash browns (which are still good). These were freshly grated and YUM-O. Thank you English's for making the Ode to Hash Browns on our plates.   The service? Samuel was phenomenal. He provided some of the best service I've received since coming to Vegas. Friendly, knowledgeable, relaxed. We were lucky because as we walked out, a large group of people walked in, so we wouldn't have gotten almost the entire attention of our server. We will go back there very soon and would happily pay full price for any of their menu. However...  You probably won't have to pay full price...ever, because they have a ton of food specials! $10 for Chicken Korma (coconut curry chicken dish) and a pint of beer or wine on Thursday, $10 burger and pint night on Wednesday, $10 fish and chips and a pint/glass of wine on Friday's, or even better, UNLIMITED MONDAY where for $10 you can have unlimited house beer or wine with a purchase of an entree. Their happy hour (3:30-6:30PM and 9:00-11:00PM daily)has 50% off beer and wine or $5 cocktails, beer and wine (reverse happy hour). GO TO ENGLISH'S NOW. Eat, drink and be merry.
English's has quickly become a favorite restaurant for me as well as my family. I have always been a big fan of high tea but have had difficulty attending because most establishments require reservations 24 hours in advance. English's serves high tea every day, no reservations needed. The best scones in town!  The GM Matt is unbelievably friendly and accommodating. He is always especially nice to my mother. That means more to me than anything else!!!  Seating is available in their very confortable well designed dining room or on their outside patio with a great view of Town Square.
It's another great place for Happy Hour, especially in one of its upstairs terraces with a view! HH: 3:30-6:30pm & 9:30-closing, daily.  It has an excellent HH menu of $3-7 food and half-price drinks. In addition, it also offers special $10 food/drink combos on some wk-days. Its service is excellent.   It has a mid-upscale decor and a comfortable ambience; tables have tablecloth. Inside are a very nice bar counter and a large, comfortable lounge/dining area. Go enjoy! - I did!!! - [BTW: Smokers have their own separate terrace patio.]  Based on fellow Yelpers' good reviews, I gave this English Gastro Pub a try a few days ago, after visiting the Apple Store. And it did not disappoint! - I now have another nice place in to hang out in Town Square!  MY HH EXPERIENCE:  When I walked in, the mgr (Matt) and waitress (Jane) introduced themselves warmly, and led me to the gorgeous terrace area. It had an eye pleasing view of the park below. As Jane promptly brought me my beer, I settled down in no time, taking in the view and playing with my new toy from the Apple Store. For bar food, I had  Zuccini ($3) and Sausage wraps ($5). For drinks, I had Newcastle Ale ($3.5), and a cab ($3.5).  - The zuccinis were so crunchy and tasty that I ordered a second one, with an extra Newcastle for good measure! The sausage wrap was only so-so, however.  - The cab (Canyon Road) was silky smooth and full-bodied. I had to resist the urge to have another glass, which was NOT easy! - My tab came to $24 (plus tips) - which seemed high for one person, but then I had one EXTRA drink and one EXTRA bar dish than I normally would, which had made me 2x as happy anyway - still a good bargain!  SUGGESTIONs TO MANAGEMENT: 1. Please include a "List of Daily Specials" on the table, or include an insert in the menu.  2. Prior to the start of HH, please MAKE SURE, that ALL THE PATIO TABLES are CLEAN! -  When I first got in the patio, I found several tables covered with some white dusts - an eye sore, but easy to fix! Waitress Jane apolozied and promptly changed the table cloth for my selected table; and went on to do the same for others.  Peterskis, Oct 2012
A bit Pompous
From what I'm told this place may not last since not many things have in that spot, but i hope it does so when i get back to Vegas it'll be there.  Really our waitress made the night, she was super cool and fun. Really made the evening.  Great beer selection.
We started our night here to eat and start our drinking. It was awesome, they had a plate and 2 drink special. I had the steak and fries which was pretty solid. Unfortunately, this place was DEAD on a Saturday night. It was us and like 3 other people. Anways, it was pretty good. It was kind of on the expensive side, and I think pub food shouldn't cost that much. They were really proud of their sausage that they served. It was kind of weird. But anyhow, it was a good spot. The service was great. I hope this place picks up soon and doesn't go the way of the DoDo.
My boyfriend and I went to the town square to see a movie on $5 movie day, the theatre was absolutely packed and ridiculous, we weren't about to wait in line for 45 minutes just to get our tickets, so we walked around and decided to go sit somewhere. We walked upstairs to see Coconuts, but it was dead inside and it wasn't appealing to us. We ended up seeing the tiny sign for English's and the little knight in the front and decided to go in. THANK GOODNESS WE DID.   We were immediately greeted by the bartender who was extremely welcoming and nice. We sat outside because the weather was amazing. The inside of this small bar/restaurant is aesthetically pleasing. It has a really nice atmosphere, it wasn't obnoxiously loud either. The outside was just as great.   We had a 15% off coupon, but didn't end up using it because it was happy hour anyways. We loved this place. There was British food and different beer. It felt very authentic. We ended up ordering lettuce wraps, hot chocolate, cider, two beers, and a soda, and only paid $18. Well worth it!!  Besides the good/different/traditional appetizers and beer, the hot chocolate was to die for and the service was exceptional. Our waitress took the time to explain some of the food and drinks to us since we were unfamiliar with some of the things they had to offer. She continuously came back to make sure everything was fine and she filled our drinks on time.   Few things of note:  1. The food and drinks are different, if you are picky or not up to try new things, I would not suggest going here. You are just going to annoy your waitress and yourself.  2. The second beer took a while to come out and when our waitress ended up bringing it she gave it to us for free. (DIDN'T MIND THAT A BIT!)   Would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Happy hour 50% beers, wings, wells from 330-630pm and late night happy hour 930-close $5 wine and wells.  We sat ourselves in the outside patio where everyone else seemed to be eating since it was a nice cool night and the inside was empty with a few patrons at the bar.  The patio area overlooks Town Square's grassy area.    Tonight, The hostess is also the waitress, server, bartender and cashier.  Later as we got our food, another worker came out to help with the same duties.  Maybe the owner because he was mingling at the bar drinking along with the customers.  The restaurant had dim lighting, kind of like a lounge type of ambiance.   We ordered for our appetizer the cheese and spinach dip and my main course the cottage pie.  The Cheese and Spinich dip looked rather plain looking, but it was very tasty.  The My other half order the sausage link (can't remember the name) and we added that to the dip, and it came out 5x tastier!  My cottage pie was not a disappointment.  It got served with a side of honey glazed carrots and a mini salad (lettuce and tomato).  At first I thought the portion was small but as i ate it, I began to really stuff myself and was saying "I can't finish it".  The bowl was pretty deep.  The mash potato on the top was crispy on top, then you dig your spoon into the bowl to get to the meaty and delicious center.    My overall experience was okay (3 stars). I wasn't impressed to where I had to return for more entrees, but I wouldn't mind coming back to enjoy appetizers and drinks with friends here.
Great afternoon indulgence. I had read reviews and had been wanting to try this yummy place for a while. Also skipped lunch to make sure I could enjoy the goodies they serve up. Went with a big group and our server did a great job of ensuring she got the right orders to everyone, and checked in with us a few times to see if anyone needed more hot water.  I decided to share a cream tea with a friend. This comes with warm scones, bite sized pastries and mini sandwiches. The scones are served with some fab jam and scrumptious sweet cream. I will go back just for these scones:) They served 2 kinds of pastries-a chocolate cake sort of desert and a strawberry dipped in chocolate. The cake was super good. I tried just one sandwich-the egg salad and it was soft and tasted great. The others enjoyed the salmon cream cheese and cucumber cream cheese sandwiches very much.  Everyone enjoyed their tea. I had the darjeeling and heard that the orange dulce, and tropical green tea were great too! Only gripe: Since almost everyone ordered the cream tea, they put everyone's order together in large platters and spread them in two across the table. This was a bit inconvenient as it was hard to move the platters to the people sitting on the side.  Oh, and if you share the cream tea service with someone, each person is asked what they tea they would like and so we were billed for the service plus 1 extra pot of tea, No biggie but good to know.  They also added a 20% gratuity automatically to each bill, which I guess is standard for parties over a certain number.   Good weather and english's made for a delightful afternoon on the patio.  I am plotting ways to convince others to join me for afternoon tea and I loved the scones so much.
This place has awesome fish and chips. Really fresh and flavorful. The mushy peas were seriously good too. It was a great experience. I will definitely go back.
Its Halloween day, all dressed up and decided to check this spot out in Town Square.  Once I checked in, I noticed that this place is called both English's Gastro Pub and English's Quintessentially British.  Once I heard the second name, I got an eerie feeling and chills down my spine (not from Halloween), suddenly recalling a story from a trusted foody colleague of mine about this very spot.  In a few words, she said, "save your money."  But like movie reviews, I have to try it for myself, plus a visitor is with us, so that's a good unbiased opinion.    Anyhow, we were told to seat ourselves, no big deal.  We sat near the bar, close to the TV.  We asked the waitress/greeter/cook/server if she could change it to the Lakers game.  She responded, "why, they' re going to lose anyway."  Mistake # 1.  She then took our order, I ordered the Fuller ESB.  A little flat for some reason, like the beer was stored at various temperatures, unless its my taste...then that's simply preference and no ones fault.  Still, things are looking grim.    So, about 5 minutes later, oh girl comes back and claims that they can't catch the channel because they have Time Warner cable.  Whatever.  I grin and bear and like to make the best of things, so we do.  About 10 minutes later she returns and reiterated that they have to look for the designated channel changer dude...I was over it.  Although, I must say when the food came out...(bangers and mash) it was pretty good.  I forgot how much I loved Cumberland sausages, not sausages in particular (no homo).  Thankfully, I CAN be a meat a potatoes guy and its easy to make me happy...not saying I don't like to get a little fancy at times.  VERDICT:  Aside from the service or lack there of, bartender seemed to be serving himself more than us, it was aight...Peep the stars yall.  Food is good, prolly more so for those culturally adept.   Peace!
I need to shout it from the rooftops......I finally found great fish and chips in the middle of the desert! We have been on a quest for NON greasy, NOT over battered and thick white slices of perfect cod. Well this is the place. The fish is accompanied by perfect crisp chips and a wonderful homemade ketchup and tartar sauce. The bonus is that they place a serving of smashed peas on the plate and they are so awesome! Our second visit (in a week....on the other side of town) coincided with happy hour so we enjoyed a great pint and cocktail at a very reasonable price. Topped off the whole meal with a sticky toffee pudding. What a perfect dessert on a cold night!   Love the understated contemporary setting perched above Town Square and the NOT too noisy atmosphere that can be common in pub settings. Seemed very slow last night so I hope that folks find this place hidden in an alley upstairs at town square. Forget about the chain restaurants around town square and seek this cool little gem out.  Forgot to add......very nice servers/bartenders :).....and very reasonable prices!
Great Food, Great Atmosphere, Great Cocktails.... This Place Is An Extremely Well-Rounded Restaurant/Bar. Located In The Heart Of Town Square, The Place Is Good To Check Out At All Hours. The GM Matt Is An Extraordinary Master Mixologist (Ask For The Andes Mint Shot, Or Pineapple Upside Down Cake Shot, Among Others). I Have Been There Multiple Times For Cocktails, But Yesterday I Opted For Some Lunch; Indulging In The Smoked Salmon Crostini For An Appetizer Which Was Amazing! I Followed This Up WIth A Fish n' Chip Sliders And There Is Little Words That Can Accurately Describe How Delicious This Dish Was... I Doubt Anyone In The United Kingdom Could Actually Out-Do This Establishment In British Pub Fare, Entree's, And Drinks. It's That Good! This Should Be A Must For Any Individual Residing In The Las Vegas Valley And Surrounding Areas Or In Town For A Short Stay.
My Red Hat chapter and I went to English's last week for high tea, and it was one of the best I've been to in Vegas.  The scones, raspberry jam and devonshire cream were wonderful.  Several kinds of tea sandwiches and a selection of petit fours for dessert.  There were only 9 of us, but we got three huge trays of food, with enough left over that many of us took doggie bags home.  There was a great tea room at the Antiques Market on Eastern which closed recently, which disappointed us.  It was very good as well, but we were really happy to find the tea at English's.  It isn't as quaint as the Antiques Market tea room, which had lots of gingerbread decorations, a flowered tea cozy on each pot and real antique tea cups and saucers.   The pots and cups at English's were all white, but each person had their own tea pot (and strainer to strain the leaves) and hot water was replenished quite often.  The servers were at our beck and call to refill water and tea pots, and even jam and cream.  Cost per person was $19 which included tax and tip.  What a deal!!!!!  We'll definitely be going back!
Went to lunch with a local group of 40 today.  Had the carrot soup and fish and chips.  Overall the food was 4 stars, although for some unknown reason the ciabatta and cheese was omitted from all of the onion soup courses.  The wait staff provided bread and cheese on plates to remedy this.  Several in the group had "dry" chicken entrees and one person did not like her sliders.  The wait staff struggled with our group---and so apparently did the kitchen, although we had reserved the group several weeks prior to today.  It took 45 minutes for the soups, etc to arrive.  The excuse was that the soup bowls were dropped and had to be re-washed.  I will give them a plus for creative excuse-making...  Service was 2 stars, thus the overall 3 star rating.  The specials on FB look interesting, so I might give them a second look with family only...
Very good food really fun tea!! The service could use a little polish. Dishes are delicious. Been there lots and have never had a bad meal.
Cute little spot for Adult Tea Afternoons, why I say ADULT is because kids love the idea of tea parties but not the tea. Other than having high tea I also had lunch here.  AFTERNOON TEA: Cream Tea $18 1/5 We ordered Cream tea which came with a few finger sandwiches, 2 scones with jam and cream, and one chocolate pastry and a small strawberry dipped in chocolate. Apparently they have this rule if you want additional cups (more than 1) your going to need to buy another pot of tea. (this rule was no where to be found on their menu). So for 2 tea drinkers we were forced to buy another pot of tea. I have feeling we were GYPPED of our money because we ended up having 4 pots of tea for 2 people.   Finger Sandwiches: 3/5 were delicious, especially the Smoked Salmon Tea Sandwiches, but not going to give much credit because its kind of hard to make a sandwich go wrong.   Scones: 4/5 best scones I've ever had, they weren't so sweet and I liked that.   Chocolate pastry: 0/5 only one was given, and it was made from some kind of bitter chocolate that was spicy and it just didn't go well with any tea.   Strawberry dipped in chocolate: 0/5 This strawberry was very small & it was also dipped in this spicy chocolate that didn't go with any tea.   LUNCH: 4/5  I ordered Sausage sliders with English chips: it was very delicious, the mini sausages sliders were spicy and had a nice bite to it. The English chips were very delicious, you can definitely tell they were made in house from real potatoes, very good. The mini salad was delicious not sure what they used for dressing but I couldn't get enough!  My niece ordered the Kids GB burger & British chips: $5 any meal 12 and under sweet deal, it was 1 mini slider burger with British chips and a side of salad. Very good.   Service: 0/5 if you WANT GOOD SERVICE, sit inside. The deck waitress was awful, rude and pushy. I felt like she gypped me of money also she must've been blind & deaf because she'd never see me waving her down or even asking the busser to get her.   Over all I'd come back for Lunch sit inside but not sure about the Tea
I kind of hate going to completely unplanned restaurants and getting a burger; I think I've been around town long enough as the 'Burger Blogger' to have heard most of the places that people think I need to try, so when an opportunity to eat at English's Quintessentially British came up I was quite skeptical. The burger picture on their website actually looked decent, not like I would want to judge anything based on photo alone, but I did become slightly more optimistic. But as all us locals hopefully know by now, there really isn't any good food options at Town Square other than Meatball Spot. And to ruin the surprise, this meal didn't change that.  As the name should tell you, English's is a slightly modern take on British food. The menu certainly isn't short on holding up that promise. Although there are some more common dishes surely to appease the common folks that will end up here, it's chock full of items like cottage pie, fish & chips, Cornish pastry and plenty of others. The interior doesn't really speak to the menu theme; as it is fairly clean and minimal. I sat on the patio during my visit, which has a slightly cluttered layout of tables overlooking the park below. Luckily it was quiet and kind of cool on the day of my visit; I can imagine this being very noisy during the summer with its proximity to the children's area.  Their burger is made with an 8oz hand formed patty, caramelized onions, lettuce, tomato and cheddar cheese. The patty is small and thick just like a homemade one would be when it shrinks unexpectedly on a grill. The beef had just ok flavor; it didn't seem like the best quality, and was cooked almost too much below the medium-rare I ordered. The onions were good, the cheese was non-existent. They gave me lots of tomato, maybe too much. The bun was just ok as well; it looked way better than it tasted with its grill marks and all, but was not well-proportioned to the meat as I had a lot left over. Overall this was nothing that flavorful or good, just a slightly sub-par burger that seemed like it was cooked in your neighbor's back yard.  Instead of chips I had to get fries; they were really great actually, thick, salted, cooked well and very flavorful. It's not very often that a restaurant completely misses on a burger but actually gets the fries mostly right. Regardless, this is a burger meal you can go ahead and skip; $14 for iffy meat and a less than perfect burger off the strip is far too much. If you're in Town Square and are looking for a burger I might suggest Tommy Bahama's instead. Otherwise, there really isn't much to eat in this area.
I really, really want to give this place more than three stars because the staff is wonderful and friendly and the service is great, but the food just.... isn't.   I brought my nana here once for afternoon high tea. We ordered the "cream tea" platter which comes with 6 tiny triangle sandwiches (two egg salad, two cucumber, two salmon), two scones with jam and cream, a few little pastries and your choice of tea (we ordered English breakfast).    The English tea tastes just like home (for me, home is Ireland) and is made fresh with tea leaves and brought to your table in a cute little teapot. The food is served on one of those tiered platters - very cute. In my opinion, the finger sandwiches would be MUCH better if they were better prepared - perhaps with more fresh ingredients and flavor. The bread was a little hard and stale and the salmon was dark in color with a less than pleasant odor. Now, the SCONES are what made my day and might be the only thing that keeps me coming back. They are served warm, dusted with powdered sugar and with fresh jam and cream, which make for great toppings! I could probably eat about 6 of them if I was feeling really naughty. ;)  I brought my nana back here for afternoon tea a second time, and we had pretty much exactly the same experience: the sandwiches were average/stale, the tea was great, the scones were great, but everything just had that "this could be a lot better" feel to it.   On our second visit, we also shared the fish & chips, which were average at best. The chips were definitely freshly cut and actually tasted very similar to what you would get in England or Ireland. However, the fish (cod) was really soggy and lacked flavor. I don't know how fried fish can come from the kitchen soggy, but it did, and I couldn't even eat it.   They have a decent happy hour every day and their selection of beer and cider is quite good. Plus, the atmosphere and decor is inviting and very pleasant. I could see myself popping in for a few drinks during happy hour, but I wouldn't order food.   This restaurant has a lot of potential, it just needs to make things taste better.
Bleeeh! What makes this place British?   Came with a craving for tea before I discovered Sambalatte. Left very disappointed. The waitress who helped us at the time sat us on the balcony and seemed to forget about us? Took forever to get utensils, the check, a refill on drinks, not to mention... ordering our food. There's a reason this place is never busy even though it's located right next to Blue Martini. Prices are also not decent.  I'm only giving them an extra star because the ambiance looks somewhat cool. However, having that as the only saving grace can only get them so far.
Went for afternoon tea.  They have several different pricing options with scones/sandwiches to go with.  I found I didn't care for the sandwiches (cucumber, salmon?) which I probably should have realized ahead of time as I'm a picky eater.  The scones were fantastic though.  They also have a regular food menu but I must admit I didn't pay much attention to what was on there (I believe they're online).  Some of the others I was with ordered off the regular menu and all liked their meals.  We had a party of 10 and we all enjoyed it and the staff took good care of us.    If you have a large party you should probably make a reservation.  They have patio seating and a bar area as well.
Food: Great, never had anything bad Service: Great, never had anything but a great waiter/waitress/bartender  I have eaten here for both lunch and dinner multiple times. The food and service are always outstanding, so that is why I always come back. Once someone in our party mumbled that they didn't like something, and the waitress happened to overhear and she immediately offered to fix it. So nice, I have no complaints.
Kept it simple and ordered the fish and chips. I mean why else eat at this place? The portion was generous, but I didn't care for the peas. They aren't my favorite vegetable, but I applaud them for the authenticity.
We had afternoon tea here. The sandwiches scones and cream were tasty. The tea was good. Did not appreciate the server saying all tea tasted the same to her. Learn your menu! You are a tea room. When people ask about teas you should be prepared to describe them. describe the petit fours were ok, not great. What really was offensive however, was the employee out on the terrace smoking, stinking up the dining room. Service was friendly, but highly unprofessional. Will likely not be returning. Would rather try bellagio tea if I want a face-full of smoke plus they have a pianist anyway.
Looking for a quieter location in Town Square to have a couple of drinks and some food.  English's Quintessentially British is a great choice. A couple of things to point out first.    1.  It's small. The bar is small and their dining area is small.  Parties of 5+ will not work at the bar.   2.  The pours here are strong. If you're use to comped drinks at a casino, coco beware. I had the English Coffee w/Rum and was feeling the buzz once I was done.  Keep in mind, I'm no light-weight.  My friend had their Expresso Martini which got her buzzing pretty good after just a couple of sips.  Both tasted like your normal British style coffees with the sting from the strong pours.  Delicious, warm, and also taps into your senses.  Stay thirsty my friends.   3.  Both bartenders were the best. Eye contact, attentive, and great communicators....all good traits of a solid bartender.    Ambiance is perfect for a quiet convo and suggest this place before you wild it up at either the Blue Martini. For me, this was a perfect stop while we waited almost 2 hours for our table at Texas de Brazil.
We finally got the chance to stop by English's on a night out without the kids and we will be stopping in again the next chance we get. We sat at the bar initially because all of the tables were full, but a table was ready by the time we were able to look over  the drink menu and place an order. According to my husband, the beer selection is AWESOME! He had a hard time deciding which to order, I'm not that big on beer, but enjoyed a lovely cocktail called Hampshire Tea.  For an appetizer we chose the Cheddar and Spinach Dip, sooo delish! I didn't really need anything else to eat after that, but for entrees we ordered the Cod & Chips and Cornish Pastry. Both were excellent. The cod was perfectly battered, not too thick or greasy. The cod came with Mushy Peas, neither of us care for peas at all so can't comment if they were good or not. The Cornish Pastry was very tasty as were the mashed potatoes and gravy it came with.  The interior of the restaurant is small, but there is a deck outside that I'm sure is nice when the weather is warmer. The interior was fairly dark, but it gave an intimate feel even though we were sitting in the middle of the room. The staff was attentive, but not overly so. There was ample time between the appetizer being served and the entrees. We're looking forward to having dinner here again.
I can't even count how many times I've been to English's, but let's just say that if I were an avid Yelper from the very beginning, I would have been a duke. Ruben and I even had our engagement party here!  I love the people who work here, partly the reason I frequent the spot. The food, of course, is the other reason. Here are a few of my favorite dishes, but I've tried almost everything on the menu and dislike very few items (exceptions will be the Posh Chip Butty - just not my cup of tea - and their Chicken Liver Pate - NO thank you!).  BATTERED SAUSAGES: It used to be on the menu a year ago, but it's since been removed for other items. They are so wonderful to still create this dish if I order it though! Delicious Cumberland sausages fried in the same batter as 'Fish and Chips' and served with chips and beans, SO GOOD. POUTINE: Their version is delicious and this is considering how apprehensive I was about this dish. It begins with their delicious, housemade chips, sliced and crisped bangers (sausages), onion gravy, and chunks of Devon hot chili cheddar. The cheese is what makes it. SMOKED SALMON CROSTINI: The ciabatta crostini is delicious, topped with dill cream cheese, the smoked salmon, capers, and ribbons of fresh cucumber. Light and really great. BANGERS & MASH: These Cumberland sausages are just so yummy. Great crunch from the casing, nice spice, and just the perfect salty flavor. Their housemade mashed potatoes is wonderful - buttery and smooth. LONDON TAG: Tagliatelle pasta with creamy, cheddar sauce, topped with Cumberland sausage slices and English peas. I recommend the smaller portion since the sauce can be a little on the "heavier" side, but still delicious. COTTAGE PIE: Well-seasoned ground beef in a traditional pie with Lincolnshire cheddar mash baked on top. SO delicious.Served with a salad and honeyed carrots. BANOFFEE PIE: I love toffee and I love bananas. The chef changes the base often, but it's a housemade biscuit and usually on point. Share it with whoever you're dining with and it'll be the perfect finish.  I've also been here for AFTERNOON TEA and ROAST SUNDAYS. I wasn't a huge fan of the Afternoon or High Tea, but it was a lot of fun. I can see it being a really great time with a large group of your friends. I didn't love the pastries served, but I did love the refreshing little tea sandwiches. As for Roast Sundays, I was fortunate to visit one Sunday when Beef Wellington was served and it was magnificent!  If you have a meeting or gathering you need to plan, this place is a fantastic spot. You can reserve the outdoor patio that overlooks the center of Town Square (it can accomodate approximately 35-45 people) or if it's a larger party, the whole restaurant since it's relatively small and intimate. The general manager, Matt, will really work with you to put together a personalized menu and with the bar accessible from inside and outside, it's the perfect setting! All of our guests really enjoyed the food and the experience.  Besides coming here for a meal, it's a wonderful spot to hang out at the bar. Think your "neighborhood" bar, but a modern space in the center of a popular outdoor mall. When my friends and I want to go somewhere nice and have drinks, but not deal with the club or tourist-heavy bars, this is it.
For a Saturday night, they weren't busy at all.  They have poutine which is Canadian so I wasn't too sure what it was doing on a British menu. It came with very little bits of cheese and not cheese curds, and some really salty sausage slices.  They have the usual British dishes such as fish (cod) and chips, bangers and mash, and steak pie...and some Indian dishes that Brits love like chicken korma and tikka masala.  The cod and chips was alright.  Entrees are $10-26.  Not the best British pub in Vegas and I'm squeezing my brain trying to come up with more things to say and it seems impossible when there was nothing exciting about this place.
Ordered poutine as a starter. The gravy was tasty. Highlight of this dish. Fries were ok. Cheese curds nonexistent. Sausage looked n tasted deep fried. They weren't that bad. Overall didn't like this dish too much. Bad first experience for poutine. Entree was steak n mushroom ale pie. The steak was good. Very tender beef, I want to say it was filet. Could have used a bit more mushrooms, but that's just me. The puff pastry on top was very light flaky. The broth was very salty. And this is coming from a person that eats food saltier than he should. I was also disappointed with this dish. Wish I ordered something else. Don't think I'd ever go back. Service was good as my water was never empty. It was very empty for a Saturday night. Which was good because we didn't have a lot of time, but it seemed a bit eerie and ominous.
My wife and I went to English's this afternoon for high tea and it was a delightfully dignified experience! We got the Champagne Cream Tea, which includes unlimited pots of tea, the traditional three course high tea snacks and a bottle of champagne - all for $50 for two! That's a phenomenal deal compared to the Mandarin Oriental's tea hour, where you really are paying for the view.  Champagne and tea really isn't that bad of a combination. Over the course of the afternoon we enjoyed lots of little savory sandwiches (the smoked salmon and cheddar/pickle were the best!) and several teas. I discovered that I really, really like Earl Grey. And, since it was the first nice, warm day of the year, we sat on the balcony out back and got to people-watch at the little park in the middle of Town Square.  They lose one star for service, which was really quite inattentive considering that there were only four or five tables occupied in the entire place.  Additionally, the restaurant is very difficult to find, hidden behind a giant wall which is apparently going to become a Capriotti's. It was really dead when we arrived about 3, but I hope they're not hurting for business because of their unfortunate location - we will definitely return for tea again!
I feel really bad about the restaurants in Town Square, what does it take for a place to succeed? Kudos to non-chains that decide to launch a restaurant here, but regrettably I cannot say I will return to English's.  Let me start by saying that a group of friends and were going to celebrate a birthday at a Summerlin pizza place (my suggestion btw), but someone in the group thought this would be better. So I wasn't particularly enthused to find myself at Town Square on a busy Thursday evening. But I digress. I ordered the fish and chips and thought it was ok, a bit pricey for what it was. I just checked the menu and it appears that hey lowered the price, when I went I swear it cost upwards 17 dollars.   They do have that incredible terrace with the unfortunate view of the Blue Martini, and maybe watching a soccer match with cold beer would be nice. I just don't feel like coming to a mall for that.
Nice place tucked away in Town Square.  I had never seen or heard of it until recently stopping in.  Head to the second level as it you were going to Blue Martini but make a right instead of a left.  DO NOT stop in here without getting the pretzel sticks.  So soft, so hot, so salty, so buttery...I think I could have eaten 100 of them.  It might be worth coming back just to get a bunch of pretzels and beer.  They had a solid Wednesday "Facebook" special that was a beer(pint) and a burger for $10.  I believe you can get a house wine if beer isn't your thing.  The burger was pretty delicious, but I thought the bun was a little to big.  It's a solid deal for $10 and a beer on the side.  I tried the cheddar mash as well but was a bit disappointed, not because of the taste or quality but just because it wasn't what I thought it would be.  I was thinking of a dish of mashed potatoes with gobs or chunks or terrific cheese melted throughout.  In reality, its a nice portion for $3 in a bowl, but with only a thin layer of cheese melted on top.  The potatoes though were super whipped and light, very good with a bit of salt and pepper.
I hosted a high tea and game day here with the local steampunk group. Not having a good set of RSVPs in advance, I wasn't sure if we'd have 2 people or 12. When I arrived, I asked for seating for 6, and there was no problem with accommodating the group, even on a Saturday afternoon.  The high tea was delicious. I'll be coming back with friends just for that!  The service was good for the first hour and a half, then petered out quite a bit. I admit we overstayed our welcome (large group with a themed activity will do that), but we tipped well (all of us adding to the auto-gratuity). In general, I think we'd have liked a little more consistent service, perhaps a tray refill, since we went through the savory tier very quickly.   Overall, though, we had a great time, our group felt welcomed in this location, and we had a wonderful time!
Love the high tea or lunch... Fresh food with a fun selection.   Bumped down a star only because I was only told that the restaurant was out of half of the items I ordered AFTER the meal was served. Left me with a craving after the meal. That's a third inappropriately I quenched.   I'd probably give it a second shot though.
As much as I love their high tea, as it is the most plentiful and cheaper option in Las Vegas in a nice location to boot, THEIR SERVICE IS SLOW.   They are not attentive to their customers, have to be signaled or called on every time you want something, and despite the unlimited treats and tea for their high tea service, you're lucky if you can get seconds of even hot water without waiting forever and a day for it. And that's if you can get someone to fetch it for you at all.   It doesn't matter if they are slow or busy, the service is always exceptionally slow and it never ceases to surprise me.   Don't get me wrong, I am not expecting them to wait on me hand and foot, or constantly bring me rounds of treats or tea to satisfy an abnormally ravenous appetite. I'm talking about finishing ONE pot of tea and getting some hot water for another, or even just waiting for the check to come so that I can get going. I usually just give up on getting seconds of anything altogether.   As much as I love the food, even though it might be overpriced now and then, their slow service makes me think twice about actually stopping in. Do not come if you are an impatient person.   You'd think with all the reviews that highlight their slow service, they'd figure it out and make things a little more efficient.
My husband and I had afternoon tea at English's before a matinee at Town Square and loved it! It's not the Mandarin Oriental but $50 for a bottle of champagne, unlimited tea and as many cute little fancy tea snacks as you care to eat is a pretty fabulous deal. (The regular tea is $20/person so I don't know why you wouldn't want to add $10 for a bottle of champagne and some chocolate-covered strawberries!)  On a nice day like today, it is extremely pleasant to sit on their balcony and sip champagne and Earl Grey while looking out over the little park below. We had fresh hot scones with jam and cream, four kinds of little sandwiches (cucumber, smoked salmon, egg and cheddar/pickle) and an array of cute little desserts. The scones and desserts and accompaniments are made in-house and they are very yummy. And you can have as many as you want! We took seconds of the cheese/pickle and egg sandwiches and consumed three pots of tea (English breakfast, Earl Grey and jasmine) and had a perfect, leisurely lunch.  I'm a sucker for afternoon tea (it makes me feel all Downton Abbey) so we will be back for sure.
This is the second time when I went there, as well as my last time, at least for this year... We got to sit on the terrace, the only good think about this experience... Order few appetizers and a beer flight... I don't know about their food, maybe just not my style of French fries and curry, but the beer was a huge disappointment...was wormer then the weather outside...reminded me of a bad tea. So try the happy hour, at least if you don't like it you won't feel bad for spending too much money :) Cheers!
As a group of six ladies celebrating a friend's 40th birthday we had a wonderful high tea experience and would recommend it to anyone. You could not beat the price or service for our two hour experience.  They even let us decorate the table to celebrate!  We each ordered our own type of tea and were then presented two three-tier tray of yummies - all for $20 per person!  The bottom tier included mini cucumber sandwiches, a salmon on rye sandwich, a relish spread on crostini, and a hard boiled egg collaboration on a crostini. The second tier held two types of scone - traditional and cranberry. This was served with fresh cream and homemade jam. The top tier offered us a mini lemon tart, carrot cake and a blueberry sandwich cookie filled with cream.   The best part is when you ran out of something you liked all you had to do was ask for more and a tray of it came out or you pit of tea was refilled.   I highly recommend this unique experience to anyone who wants to have a unique, leisurely afternoon with great tea and tasty treats.
I always give places a second chance when I have a not-so-great experience the first time. I figure, hey, everyone has an off day, and the establishment is kind of new, so I should cut them a break.  The second time here assured me I will not be returning. The service here is really bad. We had the same waitress both times who just doesn't seem to care. I had been in the food service for years awhile back, so I know this is not the way you treat guests.  Both times I was there, they were out of something that someone ordered. It took a long time for the waitress to get us waters, and even longer to get drinks. The place was not very busy, yet it seemed to take forever for us to get second drinks. We asked for 3 separate checks (1 for me, 1 for another friend, and 1 for my friend and her husband) and the waitress came back with everything on one bill. When we asked her to separate it (again, we were very clear) she gave us 4 separate checks, putting my friend and her husband on different bills. When we asked her to change it, she acted like it was no big deal that she did it wrong in the first place.  The food here is okay, but the place doesn't look or feel like a British pub. With some other wonderful pubs in town with great service, great food, and great atmosphere, this one just isn't worth it.
I'm giving them a star bump because the last time I went the service was a lot more attentive for the afternoon tea. They even didn't charge us the upcharge for sharing pots of tea! This may have been an oversight but I didn't mind not paying extra to try the different teas.  It doesn't seem like the most busy place, and I'm curious to see if they stay in business for long since both times I went I was close to the only party in the restaurant. We'll see, and I wish them the best!
It's a very English experience with authentic meal options and tea time!  My fiance and I went here for dinner one night to check it out.  The waiter was very friendly and accommodating to my VERY picky significant other. We started by ordering chips and the spicy cheddar dip. We had put in a request for the dip to not come with bread, since we attempt to stay away from glutens. They were kind enough to substitute the bread with gluten free bread and poppadom. The dip is delicious whatever you dip in it!  For dinner I had the (bun-less) burger and chips, which the burger had excellent flavor and complimented the cheese and peppers added onto it. My fiance decided to blend two of the chicken dishes together, that actually turned out great.  Next time I'll have to go during tea time! Turns out they have also happy hour every day for drinks and food that are worth checking out.
When I first came up to the place, I thought that we might have misinterpreted the menu because the logo doesn't do anything quintessentially British like use red, white and blue or the union jack. The menu has all of the British options (and even a Canadian one in the form of poutine). You can get a pint of Carlsberg or a pot of tea.  The only thing not British about this place is the bright Vegas sun.  It's a great place to relax in the afternoon so stop by if you've got an hour to kill.
I love the Facebook deals this place offers. I always tend to hit them up early Friday night for the Fish n' Chips + wine deal. Service is slowish  but I've never had it annoy me. Its quite and quaint, and IMO has a excellent atmosphere, inside or out. I'd go every Friday if I had someone willing to eat fish n' chips that often! :p
When the words "Quintessentially British" are part of your name, the place is serving itself up to locals to comment, "I went to the Olympics in 2012, and THIS is not British," or for visiting Brits to say, "Well if this is how they interpret our food and drink, then thank the Lord we gave up this country after the Revolutionary War."   Luckily for this joint, I have neither visited our home fries across the Atlantic, nor am I a loyal subject to the British Commonwealth, so this review is strictly of my experience. I met up with two friends for a post-work beverage on the terrace, which overlooks the lawned park in the center of Town Square. We ordered the chip curry, which was fries done just right with a sweet curry dipping sauce, and the salmon crostini, essentially lox on toasted bread.   The service was there whenever we seemed to need it, but otherwise behind the scenes the remainder of the time. The food wasn't the most spectacular (is British food ever?), but I'd come back to the terrace to relax and chat over drinks!
Where do I start with this place? Here is the Cliff Notes version: it's crap.  When I walked in I was immediately judged by the way I dressed (Biker attire). Walking in through a narrow corridor, there is a large assortment of English beers displayed behind a glass case on one wall, and a projector displaying Stonehenge on the other. The chairs were quite banged up and ripped, and the booths had been re-covered poorly. The tables inside where covered in butcher paper (cheap) and the tables outside on the patio were covered in pieces of roughly cut faux leather and sort of clipped at the corner with some again, cheap clear plastic device. The flatware and glasses were spotty. Also, the owner was running back and forth through the lobby, swearing quite loudly on his cell phone.  As for the food: I ordered a burger mid-rare and it was delivered raw in the middle. The fries that accompanied were obviously frozen and from a bag. They tried to be cute and serve the meal on a small cutting board, but all that did was cause a mess all over the table. Luckily, the butcher paper caught it. I've had better food and service at Mc Donald's.   F-   I only gave this place 1 star because you can't give less.
Had afternoon tea and crumpets with my mom the other day and the experience was great. Everything was good on the three levels. The scones were flaky, soft and tasty! I would definitely recommend this place for high tea it was excellent!
English's Quintessentially Bullshit.  We waited over 1 hour to get our appetizers.  Before we even got asked to order our dinner.   This was on Mother's day, and the most upsetting part was that the table next to us waited even longer to get any food at all.  It was heartbreaking to see that family disappointed on such a special day, and furthermore inexcusably pathetic that when the Mother asked to see the Manager three times, the final response was that he was too busy at the moment and did not have time.  My apologies to the chef; this food is actually really good.  The service is horrendous, they were clearly understaffed, and the quintessential bullshit drips down from the quintessential top - the manager who cowered away in the back kitchen, unwilling to face his Mother's Day guests.  We are regulars and locals. We have been to this restaurant several times becuase the food is good, but no food is good enough to be treated so badly.  If you have ever had a Mother you have ever cared about, don't be a patron to this place. It sent many a Mother home heartbroken, rudely turned out, and hungry this Mother's Day night.  God Bless America, go quintessentially elsewhere.    *** ps I must note that the place was NOT particularly busy. several empty tables.
First visit here, and certainly my last to this train wreck of a restaurant. When we first arrived, we were left standing at the front for 5 minutes without being acknowledged. Finally a bartender rolled her eyes and came over in a huff to greet us. Sorry to bother you, lady. Asking for a table for 3 on the patio, she said a host is who would have to handle that and promptly turned around and walked away without another word. Wow.  Finally seated, we waited another 10 minutes to be greeted and for our drink order to be placed. Another 5+ minutes goes by, and we are brought our drinks and a very warm beer. Waiting another full 10+ minutes, the server came back to take our order. I ordered a chicken salad and a replacement beer because mine was hot. My girlfriend asked the waitress for a salad exactly like the one at a table next to us but with steak added to it and a side order of fries.   After 15 minutes, a replacement beer arrived that was maybe 2 degrees cooler at most. Thirsty, I gave up on the idea of having a cold beer and forced down the hot one.  30 more minutes go by while we listen to the tables around us complaining about various service related issues until finally our food arrived. My chicken salad was correct and to be fair was very tasty. My girlfriend, despite pointing out the exact salad she wanted on the next table, was brought the wrong one. And the waitress forgot to put the order for the fries in all together. Amazing.   The food quality seemed pretty good. If I owned this place, I would keep the kitchen staff and fire everyone else since everything forward of the kitchen was a complete sh!tshow.
I was invited here for a high tea .  It was my friends b-day and her BFF called from LA to arrange the b-day celebration, which was a surprise. I arrived at 2:45, party was at 3:00 and they hadnt even set up the table.  They started asking me, do you want to sit inside or out.   Now it was very muggy out, Vegas weather ... so I was like prob inside, but they hadnt planned enough in advance and there were no tables.  So .. we ended up outside, but they moved SLOW as hell, so of course the B-day girl shows up after the entire party is there, but we have no where to sit so we are at the small bar huddled up.  Totally blew the entire surprise ! Finally we go outside to our table, which wasnt even clean and sit down.  It was so damn hot out there, the b-day girl was sweating and we were dying, they didnt have fans or misters.  Now remember, we are drinking tea, we never got spoons .. we went the whole tea, stirring our tea with knifes and forks.  They brought out lil trays of toasts with eggs, scones etc.  The scones I must say .. were amazing.  Esp, with the fresh whipped cream and strawberries!  They brough one of ea for a party table..LOL I would say they were very unorganized and the service sucked.  However, it was a cute concept and they have great deals for kids teas in the afternoon ... that is if you can find your waiter !
This time our visit for high tea for four lasted 3 hours. They forgot that we had ordered more food, and maybe forgot about us completely.   Of the petite fours, two of them were delicious and two were terrible due to oversalted cucumbers.   This is a great price for high tea, but unless you are planning on a slow day and a long conversation, I would not come again.
I have been to English's before and enjoyed both the food and the service, however my experience on Saturday, May 11, 2013 was so bad that I'm still thinking about it almost a week later.   My sister and I made reservations to take our mom for afternoon tea over a week in advance because we anticipated English's being busy for Mother's Day weekend.  There was one 6 top when we arrived, yet we waited over 45 minutes to even be acknowledged.  After my Mom finally tracked down a server (who was putting out table settings) and asked who was supposed to be waiting on us, she responded, "Well, I can take your order...I guess."  It took another 20 minutes to get our drinks and an additional 45 to get our food (we opted for salads and sandwiches).  From taking our order, we never saw our waitress again until she saw me standing at the bar attempting to pay.  When she handed me the check, she told me I could use her pen to sign, but not to steal her pen!!! Others have posted about being judged on their attire, but we were dressed up as we were expecting to have a beautiful Mother's Day luncheon.  It was, unfortunately, anything but.   I am a former waitress and I know it is not an easy job, but common courtesy and acknowledgment are not too much to ask for.
i dont know what happened to this place....and honestly this is my first 1 star...but this made me sad :( horrible horrible service.  And i dont think the waiter was having an off day that made him ignore us, because he chatted up every other table he was helping.  He forgot my friend's drink, while he brought 1st and 2nd drinks and their food.  Umm they we're even seated before we ordered, so....and then when we left and they (surprisingly) brought our food out, i could tell it was had been sittin wherever forever because the gravy on my poutine had that dry gelled gravy look on it (i wanted to cry) the manager tried to say he just forgot about us and it was an off night.  But the tables on the inside were EMPTY O.o....yeah ok i'm good :/ I'LL MISS YOU ENGLISH'S :(
We had high tea for a friends bridal shower here.  The place is  really cute and the food was pretty good but the service was horrible.
So disappointed in this place! I was so looking forward to a new fresh place with great decor and exciting menu.    I came here with a friend on 05/30/2013 to get some apps and drinks before going dancing.  Should have just walked out when there was only 1 other table seated and it took 10 mins just to get our drink orders taken.  I can't review the food because we never actually received any!  We ordered some of the great sounding apps on the happy hour menu and 45 mins later we still haven't received our food.  Very sad when there are other tables seated way after us getting food and we are 45 mins in and don't anything to eat.  The staff was very disorganized and they said they lost the ticket or something never did really find out what happened. I have no idea what happened but it was unacceptable.  We had to leave and told them to cancel the order and they didn't even care.  They said they discounted our wine and latte but I don't think they did.  No management present in this place.  Based on the other bad reviews I give this place 6 months or less and they will be out of business.  Unless the owner has some really deep deep pockets to continue to fund a mess of a restaurant. Also my friend went to the restroom and said it was completely filthy and no toilet paper (should have been our first sign to high tail it out of there).  My recommendation is to go to Tommy Bahamas where you know you will have great service and excellent food!  I wouldn't be surprised if the owner has to call Gordon Ramsey for Kitchen Nightmares to try to save this place, in my opinion there is no saving it.  Why would I spend my hard earned money at a place that has no regard for their customers when there are some many places to choose from that really are focused on the customer.
went for high tea. Delicious sandwiches. The scones were to die for. Everything was great! We will defiantly be back!
I want to like this place...but the staff has been so unprofessional twice now. I hate to leave a bad review, but they need to work on their attentiveness. I arrived this morning before my friend and while I waited for 10 minutes, I wasn't even offered water. Mind you, I was the only one in the restaurant aside from a couple at the bar. The two girls on staff were hanging out chit chatting which is fine but at least give me something to drink. Upon the arrival of my friend we waited close to 10 minutes AGAIN before getting up to leave, at which point one of the girls tried to come over with water. It was rude. I was really excited to finally try it, but there are plenty of other restaurants in town square who at least drop a napkin for you before ignoring you completely.
My wife & I went here for dinner last night, and we were both very pleased.    As commented by others, it doesn't have the classic English/Pub feel, so if that's what you're looking for, you may be best going elsewhere.  I had read the reviews here before going, so had my expectations in check.  We went during happy-hour, which was great!  Most drinks are half-price, and they had Strongbow Cider, one of my favorites.  $3.50 a glass, most definitely worth it!    They have an eclectic menu, both my wife & I had difficulty choosing what we wanted, as there were several things that appealed to us.  I ended up getting the Cottage Pie (pretty much shepards pie), my wife got two appetizers (chicken lettuce wraps & a cheese & spinach dip).  When the food came, none of our dishes looked like what we were expecting, it was a small bowl of cottage pie, the dip was a little watery, and the lettuce wraps just weren't what we were used to.  But we dug in, and everything was delicious.  While the service of cottage pie appeared small, it was a deep bowl, just a bit narrow, so it was plenty of food, and I think I ordered the smaller version (from the happy-hour menu), which was ONLY $10!  More than worth it!  The cheese & spinach dip was great, especially after giving it a few minutes to cool down & settle.  The chicken lettuce wraps didn't have a lot of lettuce (not enough for chicken portion), and the consistency was different... but it was still very tasty.    We finished off with the banoffee, a thick graham cracker (think of a piece of toast made out of graham cracker), topped with sliced bananas & whipped cream.  We added ice cream and asked for the hot toffee sauce instead of the chocolate sauce.  It was delicious!  Service - We went around 5:30pm on a Tuesday night (went to a show right after), so it was a bit slow in the place, though it started to pick up as our meal went on.  The waitress was very attentive and friendly. 4/5 stars  Food - Everything thing we had was delicious, though often not exactly what we envisioned.  4/5 stars.  Price - I wouldn't categorize this place as a pub, and so wasn't expecting cheap pub prices.  It is by no means expensive, just not low-end chow with lower end prices.  As mentioned above, at happy-hour, my cottage pie was just $10, and the apps were probably around $8 each.  My dish was $15 outside of happy-hour, but I'd say it was still worth it.  4/5  Drinks - We didn't get cocktails, just beverages from the tap.  Again, happy-hour, so we got great prices.  $7 a glass outside of happy hour is still very reasonable. 5/5.  My wife and & I have been out here all month, I wish we learned of this place earlier on in our stay as we would have come back multiple times.  Highly recommend checking this place out, especially during happy hour.  I'll be sure to visit this place again next time I'm in Vegas!
Happy hour is a good price, but the food is not worth it.  Half the food seemed a bit cold on the inside, which meant that it was frozen before Being fried.  The chicken liver pt looks like watery cat vomit.  If you like bland English food and no flavor, this is your place!  Wonder what will replace English's this fall after it shutters...
I really love this little gem tucked up above Town Square. Walking into the restaurant they highlighted some British beverages that set the tone as we walked into the quaint eating area and bar. The ceiling really set a fun ambiance to the place and it was a great relaxing place after an afternoon of shopping.  We had the Chicken Lettuce Wraps, which were curry flavored. Loved them! I wish I would have made a meal out of them because they were that good! For the entree I had the smoked salmon sandwich. It was open faced on toasted ciabatta, with a light pesto, cucumbers, and butter. Very good! It was a little awkward to eat at first but the flavors were delicious and it was light and refreshing. My friend got the Salmon Salad and it was a huge piece of salmon on top of a gourmet style potato salad next to some fresh greens. Looking at that, I wish I would have ordered that and after tasting it, will definitely order it next time!  Can't wait to come back for afternoon tea with the girls!  I have heard rumors that the scones are amazing!
The food's good and fairly priced, I like their house beer, and if you follow on Facebook, they do excellent offers all the time. It's a different place from the others at Town Square (e.g. Yard House, Blue Martini) as it's quiet enough for a conversation, a bit more refined, and nice to sit an unwind. And if the weather's nice, the 2nd floor balcony seating is an excellent choice for sitting back with a beer. And I haven't had their high tea personally, but I've seen others partake, and it looks pretty darn delicious...especially the version with Champagne ;).
Since I'm a tea lover, I've been here several times for tea. The tea is okay, usually accompanied with scones and other tea pastries. I wish the tea was a little better quality, since it is a tea room.  Last night, I came here just for dinner. We were surprised when we arrived and saw they had a reverse happy hour on Saturday night. As we looked around, we realized it's because they were four other tables in the whole restaurant. That's pretty strange at a good location like Town Square on a Saturday night. Happily, reverse happy hour meant I got a delicious glass of red wine for $5.   We ordered a happy hour app, chicken lettuce wraps, and the steak salad. The chicken in the lettuce wraps was curried. The curry wasn't as good as I wanted it to be and the chicken chunks were way too big to put directly into the wrap. I had to cut the chicken down into bite-sized pieces. That's way too much work that I'm prepared to do for an app. The steak in our steak salad was A-MAZING! It's incredible how some delicious beef can make up for so much, but it can! The rest of the salad was just okay.  Long story short, this place is okay. Nothing glaringly wrong, and I really want it be better, but it's not. That's why they have four tables and reverse happy hour on a Saturday night in Las Vegas.
A couple of us girls decided to come here for Tea Time. I love the fact that they have tea time during lunch hours instead of just late afternoon (1030-6pm).  Yes, I understand that tea time is an afternoon thing, but when you eat lunch at 12 then dinner at 6, tea time just wouldn't fit into my eating schedule. =p  Service was so slow at first.  We were seated right away but it took about a good 20 minutes for a server to even come and take our drink orders/food orders.  A couple of other guests left because it was that slow. Once we decided on the $20 English's cream tea (all you can drink tea and eat scones/desserts with not all you can eat sandwiches), the tea and food came out about 10-15 minutes later.    The sandwiches were ok...nothing to run home and write a review about, but the scones (which are all you can eat) which we only got the plain ones (but cranberry ones are supposed to be included) were good especially with the strawberry jam and whipped cream. The scones are fairly dense though so you can fill up on those easily. The 3rd tier of sweets was ok.  Macarons were way too sweet but the other two items were decent. I was fairly full by the time I touched the 3rd tier so I may not have given it a fighting chance.   Service was a bit slow and we didn't get asked to try any other teas besides the one we ordered. Overall it was decent....I would think about possibly coming here again.
This is a review for their high tea.  The flavors are there but the execution needs major work.  Sandwiches: very dry. When I poked them with my finger, u could hear the crunch. The apple/cheese was the best in flavor. The cucumber, which I expect to be light, was way too salty.  Scones: Our cranberry scones were good. My plain scone was overbaked.   Dessert: everything was meh. The macaron was so hard I could barely bite into it.  Tea: the tea was nothing to rave about. 12 standard tea flavors.  Ambiance: we were really hoping to have a nice lunch out on the patio with our puppy. But the misters are broken (the rest of the mall had their misters on and we enjoyed that), there are no fans. So it was way too hot to enjoy our hot tea.  Overall not my favorite.  If your menu emphasis "made fresh daily", everything should taste fresh.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon for high tea with my girlfraaaan... the place is not that big and was about half empty when we got there... We were so excited to catch up with each other and enjoy some yummy treats.. But we should have known something was wrong when we were not greeted for over 10 minutes after being seated! ....A simple "hello, just a second" would have been nice.   When we were finally acknowledged and given some water we ordered the $50 Champagne Cream Tea.. Our champagne was brought out which actually didn't taste too bad. We then found out that we would be sharing 1 pot of tea and not each getting our own.. They really need to word their menus differently!!! Our tea came out, Citrus Chrysanthemum, which had a nice floral taste to it. We started chit chatting and soon the place started to fill up..  We waited and waited... and sipped on our drinks but our food was no where to be found... Everyone around us had already gotten their orders even those who were seated after us.. WTF... Then our sever finally came around to let us know that her ipad (that's what they use to take orders) didn't send our order in............. Are you serious?  She didn't think to check up with the kitchen when all her other tables' orders were being sent out before ours??! Finally a hour later our little 3 tier thing came out.... "HOW THE HAILLL DID THIS THING TAKE AN HOUR???" was what we were thinking... Everything was just about average tasting and the cucumber sandwiches were way too salty! Also, on the menu it says the sandwiches are served open-faced which would be nice so you don't go into a food coma from the carb overload but they actually just serve the regular finger sandwiches.   Overall, what was supposed to be a nice afternoon turned into us being hungry and waiting a hour for some salty ass cucumber sandwiches.. The server apologized but she didn't do anything to fix her mistake or really even seem to care... We probably looked upset but no manger ever came to our table.. We were very unsatisfied and left the lowest tip we've ever left.   PAY A LITTLE BIT MORE & GO TO THE MANDARIN ORIENTAL TEA LOUNGE~!!!  HOT TIP: if you want an additional bottle of champagne with your tea it's $21..  & The restrooms here are ...interesting...
Great Happy Hour. If your off the strip visiting friends and family this place is located in the Town Square. Service is kinda slow but the drinks and food is good.
A bit of England when away from England! I think british food gets a bad rap. Ive been to England and can say the food is comparable to what you would eat there. The sausage rolls, scotch eggs, plougmans, cod and chips, pasties are soo delicious. I recommend the hampshire tea. So refreshing! The prices are right as well. My fianc is british and he swears by the food. Five stars!
This review is about a month overdue.  I have gotten the tea service about a half dozen times over the last 18 months, and the quality keeps getting worse each time.  (I won't eat there at dinner time again after the last time, but that is another story.)  Took my mother out for a birthday tea service.  She had flown in from out of town and specifically requested to come here, because we had enjoyed it twice the last time she was out here.  Where do I begin?  After ordering the sussex tea set with an addition pot and a order of the ploughman's platter, we expected a nice brunch.  Well, to be short.  The server soon returned ten minutes later to tell us there was no scones!  Seriously!  No one had made them/put them out the previous evening.  The owner was on the way.  OK, we had already gotten out tea.  Now what?  Trying to save this, I ordered a summer berry pavlova.  Guess what?  Five minutes later - they had no meringue for it! Seriously.  OK, then, we took the server's suggestion of the petite- fours. Cut to the chase - half good/half FROZEN.  I tried to keep my composure, but I was not happy.  No discount either.  Lesson learned.  I have to find another tea service.  If you go there, expect a delay or a substitution.
Just ate here and I must say the food was delish. We walked in while they were hosting like a speed dating event. Kinda cool, never seen one other than in the movies.   Anywho, we got the Chicken Tikka Marsaka, and the Queens Burger. Both were really good.. The Marsala was very flavorful. The burger was kind of like any other burger.   The service though.. Is why I gave only 3 stars. Although they were nice, they were so slow. I looked around and there were 3 tables in the whole place. I also work in the industry and I know I am pretty much at the tables at least a few times when we are slow. It was dead.   Probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back here to be honest.
Not only did my friends have an enjoyable experience, we encountered one of the most talented and hospitable bartenders in the industry. Living in Las Vegas for an almost embarrassing, undisclosed amount of years; my friends and I have all worked and explored ALL aspected of the tourism world. However, Matt Aldrich set the bar for most interesting and talented mixologist.  He invited us in, created personalized drinks and provided great conversion.   Drinks were fabulous, atmosphere was relaxing and good company was all around us. If you ever find yourself in Town Square, just remember; its always happy hour at English.  Amanda, Nikki & Jon
I used to LOVE this place! The bartenders were fun and the happy hour menu was awesome. There is a window that separates the bar from patio that was always open, so you could still be outside and sitting at the bar. I have been here overall maybe about 6 times. The last time was about maybe 3-4 months ago, and wow I am disappointed and do not plan to go back!  We walk in, there are two servers and bartender. Sign says, "Please Wait to be Seated". We pause, they all three see us, and then continue with their conversation. Finally we just start walking out to the patio, and the bartender decides to greet us.  This was a second date for me, so things are still a bit awkward and new , and we just stared at each other like, wtf. So we get seated and a nice waitress comes to our table, she gives us the Happy Hour menu which states Beer & Wine half off during happy hour. I want a merlot and I order it. She says only house red or white is happy hour now. Fine, so I order a white... Grab the menu for food and I already know I want the Fish & Chip Sliders, but they have been removed from the HH menu also!  Takes a minute to get our drinks, we order an app, the spinach and artichoke cheese dip. I taste the wine, it's disgusting! I have my friend try it, he gags also. The last time it ordered the cheese dip it was thick and the bread was warm and very good. This time? Runny, luke warm, and the bread is not warm and it's almost too toasted its a huge mess...  Needless to say, we paid our tab and went next door to Blue Martini where the happy hour is awesome! $6 fancy and delicious martinis and live entertainment, and a really cool vibe.   Never again will I go to this place, what a disappointment! I don't know how they survive!
My husband and I were doing some shopping and decided to grab a bite to eat. I love tea so we chose English's for our meal. We had two waitresses and both of them were incredibly kind and down to Earth. Not like many places where you're made to feel like you're an inconvenience. We ate exclusively off the happy hour menu and were delighted with the prices. The food was so delicious!! Fresh and full of flavor...not greasy at all. The chips and curry appetizer was amazing! Unfortunately we were too full to even try any desserts. I had the Jasmine tea and it was heavenly! It was the perfect temperature. We couldn't get enough so our waitress kindly brought us a cup to go. Oh, and don't miss out on the Poutine!
This review is generous after what happened today. This place is great if you're going to get the tea service (best scones) but the regular food leaves something to be desired. The pork belly was severely undercooked leaving layers of raw rubbery fat. Both of my parents entrees had to be returned bc they were stone cold. My mother's food took a full 20 to refire and my father and I finished eating by the time her food came. Not to mention the waiter said the chef checked the food and it was fine. Bad move buddy. Rude. The service is PAINFULLY slow. I know it is short staffed but it's ridiculous. I usually don't mind the slow service bc the tea and scones are superb but I'm going to have a hard time coming back. So disappointing.  PS - they didn't even want to make it right! They offered my mom a drink AFTER we were done with dinner! Such bad business. I work in customer service. You always take care of the customer.
We'll... thought I'd try Todd English's Pub At Town Square. Not only was my daughter's pork belly under cooked, my husbands mashed potatoes were cold and my Fish & Chips - don't get me started. Fish cold in the middle. Not only did "chef/manager" make an excuse - I had to wait until everyone else was done eating to get mine. But hey he gave me the option of a free drink AFTER we were done or $2.60 off of my meal!!  Todd English would be appalled!
I don't really know much about English cuisine, but the good we are here, I wouldn't say is representative of that, because I want to say some of it was Indian food. But regardless, let's get on to the place.   The environment at night is pretty nice. We sat outside, the weather wasn't too cold yet, and so I was able to have a nice relaxing night with my party eating some appetizers and some real food. The inside was fairly empty and the lighting was dim, but it's suppose to be a bar I guess you could say, so it's understandable.   Our server was really nice to us and even joked around with us, especially me since I didn't want to drink like the rest of my party. It was all fun, so poking fun at me wasn't a big deal to me at all. Our appetizers came first and it came within a good amount of time and our entrees came a little after. The only thing our server forgot were my friends' drinks and we had to ask her again for them and then she remembered. She did however keep the water refilled quite well, and I did not have any complaints there.   I liked this place enough to want to come back with my friends. I wouldn't personally come here alone or with other friends because their entrees were priced more than I would want to pay for, around $15, but their happy hour drinks and appetizers were reasonable for me. If you want something different and quieter in town square, give this place a shot!
I was originally going to give a 3 star review however they earned their extra star for their Sticky Toffee Pudding alone. Skip the appetizer and main course and just try this Sticky Toffee Pudding. Rich moist cake swimming in a pool of the most delicious toffee gooey goodness and topped off with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream. Desserts don't get any better than this.  I will also give them props for such an extensive menu of English pub favorites. I couldn't decide what to order! I wanted to try everything! We settled on the following: Appetizer- Chicken Pate. The pate was a little bland. I've had much better pate, so this was not a favorite of mine. I could not taste the brandy so that was a bummer Fish and chips- They should rename this dish "A lot of chips with a side of fish." Large portion of French fries and only ONE PIECE of fish. Really? I did enjoy the smashed peas though- it was different from having mash potatoes... but I couldn't get over the fact that it looked too much like baby food Seasonal Fish cake salad- the description of this dish was very misleading. First off, this was listed under salads. This was not a salad at all. It was two very generous fish cakes sitting on top of some arugula (which ended up soaking up all the grease) and the generic "leaf salad" (arugula/tomato/cucumber) which was also served with the chicken pate. It was almost like they had a bunch of this salad already premade and they just throw it on every dish. The fish cakes were described to be salmon & cod. What they failed to mention was that it is SMOKED salmon. That makes a huge difference. If you do not enjoy the flavor of smoked salmon, then avoid this dish because it is very pungent.
I was really in the mood for fish and chips. These are THE BEST. Delicious fish , proper crispy batter, fab chips! Great service too.
Three of us visited English's for an early dinner after a tiring day at a nearby convention. I'm having a hard time reconciling some of the reviews with the experience we had.  We found the service engaging, friendly, and appropriately paced. We were neither ignored nor rushed. Viviana, our server, was excellent in every respect.  The chairs were comfortable, the music - custom mixed by a friend of the owner, we were told - was eclectic and intelligent - we had to stop and SoundHound it a few times, as there were tracks we wanted to download for ourselves. The place was not busy when we were there, so I can't speak to noise control, but when we were there, it was easy to carry on a conversation.  I started with a wonderful white cheddar and cauliflower soup. One of us had the Puds, and enjoyed it thoroughly. My entree was the Bangers & Mash, served with a rich, thick sauce with caramelized onions - perfect with a nice, cold Belhaven Scotch Ale.  A whole dessert would have been too much - so I shared the Sticky Toffee Pudding, and it was flawless, with a caramel which reminded me of childhood desserts - far removed from the prepared caramel glop which you find in so many restaurants. The other dessert at the table was the Ice Cream Cake, which was so good that the person ordering it wasn't the least bit interested in sharing~~~  The next time I'm in LV, this will be on my list for a repeat.
We stopped by on a Friday afternoon to try out their afternoon tea. We had the English's Cream Tea for $20 per person. You get to choose from a large selection of teas and the bites to eat are quite tasty. Overall, a really enjoyable and satisfying experience.  Although, to be truthful, I probably will not be having high tea all that often. Still, well worth trying once in a while perhaps.
Love the food and ambience whenever we come here. The patio area is great, especially when it's nice out.   Service is genuine, and the menu is diverse and creative- putting a creative spin on European classics.  Yummmyyyyy. We love reverse happy hour too!
I had a great time at this place, the food was amazing and the service Jacob provided was 2nd to none. I had been here a couple of times before and never knew they had port wine. I guess it isn't marketed much but Jacob made me aware and it was actually really good, not too sweet. I'll have a glass from now on every time I go back. Definitely recommend the place.
I took my parents here while they were in town.  It was my first time here also.  We went for the "high tea" service, for $20 a person.  Each person gets their own tea (or french pressed coffee like I got instead of tea) and a nice selection of tea sandwiches, sweets (brownies, macroons), and scones with jam.  The scones are unlimited, provided you eat them all-----and there's A LOT on the tray.  I thought the taste of all the food items were decent, especially for the price since most high tea's run fairyly expensive per person.  I'd most likely come back here again.
We were looking for some amazing bar food...found it!  The beef poutine are sooooo yummy!  Spicy and full of flavor! Ate at the bar with plenty of privacy.  We will be back!
I went here with a real british bloke and we were both very dissapointed. My chicken marsala was cold and per him bollocks.  His shepard pie was mediocre at best. The steak and newcastle pie was more mushroom then steak. Also they ran out of sticky toffee pudding. Trust me there are much better british places to eat. Also there pretty expensive for the serving size. The only reason it gets one star is the waitress was nice.
Me and a friend received the tea service at 2 PM for $20 a person. Actually in comparison to other tea services, this is pretty cheap -- so it's worth it if you really love tea :)   Ambiance: 5 - I'm surprised that there was no one in this restaurant at the time that I went! Although, it is upstairs in a little hard to see for visitors & tourists.   The place is clean and nicely decorated. there is a huge bar inside and a gorgeous balcony where you can eat. Or, you can sit inside and enjoy the warmth of the restaurant.  Service: 5 - The service was perfect! Our server always checked on us to see if we were okay or needed more water for our tea. They came out with everything pretty fast. They were chill about us staying there, so we took our sweet time ;)   Food: 4 - First, the tea: I got wild berry tea. it's served with actual tea leaves and is very tasty. If you require honey, you must ask!   The Plates: The bottom tier of sandwiches was really good!! There are. 4 types, but I really enjoyed that smoked salmon sandwich.   The 2nd tier was the scone! It came with jam and cream for spooning on top. That scone is delicious. It's not crazy sweet, but light and fluffy. Actually, I might do tea service again just for the scone.   The top tier was dessert. It came with macarons, chocolate nuggets, and a delicious cream puff. The macaron was probably not their best choice to include, but that cream puff makes up for it!!!   Desserts change too; you may request certain desserts if they have them available!   This is a calm, romantic spot for tea lovers! I'll probably be going again!
My husband and I went on a date here last night. It had a lovely atmosphere, modern clean look to the place. We were happy that we were able to actually carry on a conversation, because the music wasn't too loud. I ordered cod and chips, my husband ordered toad in the hole. Were were amazed at how large the portions were for the price, it was wonderful! The food was fresh and delicious, we each at off each others plates and enjoyed it all very much. We wished we could have ordered dessert, but we were so full from the large, well priced dinner. They also have a kids menu and we're wanting to come back with our son, to have him try it out! It was a lovely night, great location, not too crowded or loud, perfect overall! We couldn't be happier!
Absolutely phenomenal service. Did my daughter's 6th birthday party here, they let us bring our own decorations and cake and we did it up high tea a-la Sophia the 1st. Totally excellent!
I really enjoy having the cream tea service here. Only $20 per person, and you could actually just order one tea service plus an extra pot of tea, and it is enough food for 2 people without having to refill anything.  It is a nice place to sit on the patio on a Saturday afternoon to overlook the little park at Town Square if there's anything going on. Not the speediest service, but they are very friendly. I enjoy the selection of teas and I find their scones and sandwiches better than Verandah. Sometimes the petit fours are good, when they have macaroons. I definitely recommend this place for a relaxing afternoon for tea.  And a plus - they have a delicious happy hour menu
I stumbled across this amazing hidden gem while walking around town square shopping, and I'm so glad I did! As soon ad I walked in I was approached by a very courteous guy named joey. He sat my fiance and I and recommended the Hampshire tea and the Cornish pasty. He was right on point, they both  were amazing! We also tried the poutine and a "Bristol sour" which, were both unbelievable!  The other gentleman, ian was quite helpful as well, as he was from britain and was able to explain some of the questions about a few items we had, We will both be back very soon! The service was amazing, the food has me craving more, & the contemporary look was a perfect way to spend a beautiful vegas afternoon..    Also, They have an amazing balcony overlooking all of town square. Make sure to check that out if the weather permits!
My pregnant wife and I just tried to eat here and after we were seated no one decided to actually come by and give us any help. So after close to 20 mins staring at the waiters and waitresses to see if maybe they would decide to come by and do their job we left. If you are in a hurry or hungry I would advise to find another place. I would've give this place zero stars if i could.
Great experience and amazing food.  I have been waiting to try this place out for a while now and I'm glad to say that I finally got to experience it today.   I went out with my friends to enjoy the amazing weather at Town Square and we made a decision to eat here. We were really famished and as we read their menu (which was posted outside) we were sold.  As we walked through the restaurant we noticed the cool alcohol display in the hallway. The restaurant had a modern casual feel. They had a full stocked bar with a list of beers on tap and it was semi-open. My friends and I opted for the outdoor patio and it couldn't be more perfect to enjoy the view and the lovely weather.  Our waitress (I wish I remembered her name. She was super nice and always made sure we were doing well) was very pleasant and made all the right suggestions when it came to ordering our food. I asked her what she'd recommend for an appetizer. She chose the Beef Poutine and it was the bomb.com the chips (fries) were cooked on point and the gravy was indescribably creamy and hearty. For my entree I got the Chicken Tikka Marsala curry. I'm not much of a curry fanatic but this curry got me hooked. I wish we had room for dessert but that means we all need to come back for their High Tea.    Highly recommended
Meeting up with a friend for a yuppie lunch in Town Square, I spotted English's patio and thought "heck, it's a nice day outside and if it's a pub I'm obligated to have a drink or so, despite the early hour," which perfectly suited my agenda.  We ventured into the restaurant which was mostly empty and headed outside. The patio seating area itself is run down, and everything needs a fresh face. Fabric staples go a long way! No matter, I was there for the food. In the way of drinks, my companion ordered a beer and I got a Pimms cup. What arrived was some sort of bastardized version of the cocktail I love so dearly. There were giant fruit chunks in it which were so out of place, and a sparse 3 or so tiny pieces of ice on top that were quickly melting away. The drink wasn't even cold. It took about 15 minutes for our server to reappear at which point I asked if I could get something else instead because I really wasn't digging it. He left the drink which I hadn't touched on the table (which means I'm still paying for it) and brought me their house brew which he described as "like Budweiser." He wasn't wrong- it was exactly like Budweiser but with that sort of rusty taste that I associate with English beers. Not a fan of that either.  So the drinks? Total bust. But the food was even worse. We ordered two appetizers which took 45min to come out. These appetizers were a cheese dip, and smoked salmon crostinis. How could it have taken that long?!  The cheese dip hit the table with a thick layer of skin over the top- already unappetizing. The grilled bread that came with it was tasty, but the cheese itself was gross. Bitter from the ale and bell peppers with no real cheesiness.. You could tell this was mostly a cornstarch concoction.  The smoked salmon was inedible to me. The "crostinis" were just sliced bread, not toasted or baked. The salmon was described on the menu as creamy, so I figured it was Atlantic, but it was ridiculously orange with no fat content at all, and was rather stiff. There was a thin slice of rolled cucumber on top which was supposed to up the presentation, but was just awkward as there was so way to functionally eat that.   Our server didn't check on us again for a long time, and by the time he did we were ready for the check. We paid full price for everything even though it was all left untouched. Luckily since we were in Town Square it was just a hop away from other dining options.  AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!
If I could give this place negative stars, I would. I have given them two opportunities for high tea. Both times I made the reservation ahead. The last time was a large, large party. But don't take a reservation if you can't handle it...seriously. One table was for 13 little girls for their special little girls tea. At another table was 10 moms. It took 45 minutes for the girls to get their tea. FORTY FIVE MINUTES. These are girls under 12.   The moms table was even worse. My mother and grandma and I ordered the Sussex Tea, which is just tea and scones. They got the order wrong, and after 90 minutes, when we still had not received our scones, we just paid for the tea and left. I am so pissed. We were freaking starving. The kitchen staff was clearly totally incompetent and not ready for our party, even though we called well ahead. I am disgusted! Especially when six other parties came in and received full meals after us.
A group of 4 of us ate here on Sunday 2/16. I really want to like this place. The food was good. The service, however, was quite poor. The service was slow and disjointed and our waiter seemed unsure of everything he was doing.
Came with a group of 3 to try their High tea and pastries. :) I drank 3 pots of earl gray tea to myself in 2 hours.. and devoured the tiers of food lmfao, Worth the price. Felt like a fatty but in a good way. This place has a Great vibe and great customer service! Will most definitely come back!
The experience, the food, the service, the weather. Wow! We couldn't have asked for a more perfect time for afternoon-tea.  Our server was a doll. I forgot her name (sorry). But her cute hair (with purple tips) made her even more adorable.  My sister and I are big fans of afternoon tea. We love to ham it up by wearing proper lady hats and dressing up. Well, we didn't change anything this time. We came dressed for the occasion.  We sat on the patio, enjoying the gorgeous weather and watching what others were having for lunch.   The scones were the best I've ever tasted. And they are huge (and unlimited). I only ate two and that was enough for me to want to undo my pants top button. The petite sandwiches and desserts were delicious as well. My only complain, if you want to call it that, is that our tea pots were not refilled with hot water so that we could continue drinking hot tea. But you know, after hanging out with my sis, eating great food and enjoying a relaxing afternoon, not having extra hot water/tea was not a big deal.  I will be coming back here, for sure!
This is such a cute place! We came here for a tea party and decided to have a cocktail party instead! Lol  Happy hour is 3:30-6:30 & we took advantage of it! Our waiter Sean was a doll! He put our cocktails as happy hour drinks even though it was not included as a happy hour cocktail.  The food was pretty alright. We got the Salmon Cristini which was really good! I could have ate those all day. We also got the Cheddar Spinach Dip which was mediocre. There was way too much dip & not enough ciabatta. We asked for more ciabatta & got charged extra for it. Then we got the Chicken lettuce wraps. Those were delicious! It comes with curry chicken with this yogurt dip -- omg to die for!   Overall, the service was up to par, The food was good, & the drinks were the best. Definitely recommended!
Went with my three friends, sat on the patio and had the best afternoon tea in recent history. I highly recommend this place for tea! $20 is a steal. The scones, cream and sandwiches were top notch, the banoffee pie bites heavenly. Wish I lived close enough to go again soon.
Definitely the place to go to for a "tea party", or host a babyshower, or a get together!  The price for the "tea party" is $20 a person, which was a bit pricey for us for tea and a tier of baked goods... We decided to have a cocktail party for two instead during our visit!  We came right before happy hour which starts at 3:30pm - food, wine, beers & well drinks half off! Our waiter was so sweet and accommodated our every need! He even charged us their specialty cocktails as well-drinks, so we took advantage ..  Now the food - to start with, we had the Salmon Crustini which was delicious! We also had the Brown Ale Cheddar Spinach Dip and the Chicken Lettuce Wrap. The dip was ok, sooo much dip for one order and I was all cheesed out! The lettuce wrap was great! Chicken was marinated in a coconut curry and it was served with the yogurt sauce.  I also noticed that their "table cloths" were paper! Not so fancy if ya ask me...  Overall experience was great! One day I'd like to try the tea menu, just to see what that's about!
So this was my third visit here - was very happy the first two, this time not so much.  Made a reservation online.  When I mentioned it to the waiter he just kind of ignored me and sat us inside when I made the reservation for a table outside - clearly they don't bother to actually honor those - but it wasn't so busy that we couldn't get a table outside.    When we sat down I mentioned we would order tea then probably a meal later.  My friend noticed our waiter roll his eyes when I said that.  Um, ok .. you don't want us to have a bigger tab?  You'd prefer a smaller tip?  While taking our order he yawned in our faces and complained about being out late.  Then he got the order wrong.  We had to ask the waitress from another table to send him to us because he had long since disappeared after taking our order (she seemed very nice).  When he finally showed up he said only "Whats the problem?"  We explained the order got messed up and he made a derogatory comment about the kitchen staff.  After about 45 mins we received the correct order.  We finally decided to just pay the bill and go over to McFaddens for our meals.  Once again we had to ask the waitress because we hadn't seen him in about 45 mins.  He didn't bring us water, ask how anything was, or show up so we could order dinner.  Its probably the first time in my life I didn't leave a tip.  Now I don't mind waitstaff who get casual with me as long as the service is good - I frequent a few places where waitresses think nothing of dropping the F bomb during conversations with me.  However, in this case the service was just terrible.  He clearly had no interest in being our server, which is fine, but then let someone else handle our table.  I would suggest sitting at a table being served by the girl with the tattoos.
No service at all. Thought there would be better service since it was empty. No water no menu no service. No wonder this place is empty
Love the staff everyone is soo sweet. This is my favorite local restaurant to grab a snack or a nice dinner. The food is amazing and their sticky toffee pudding is to die for! Love this place!
Been going here for the past couple of years and it used to be one of our favorites (back when they still served minted peas). The first time we dined here, we felt like the fish and chips were close to authentic. My boyfriend is British so he is a tough sell when it comes to good fish and chips.  We continued to frequent English's and enjoyed the food (other than the chips coming out consistently over cooked). Sometimes we had bad service and sometimes we had food that wasn't so great. Just when we started feeling like we should stop eating here, they'd be on point with both. Well, we finally had enough of crappy service and mediocre food as of our last visit two visits.  Terrible service and disgusting dessert the second to last time we ate here. Server kept forgetting our drinks, rang them up incorrectly and wasn't attentive. Do not order the arctic roll! It tasted old and freezer burned.   The last time we were there our fish wasn't cooked properly. We called a waiter (our waiter was out of sight) to ask if the salmon was supposed to be a dark pink in the middle and he said he would ask. He went inside the kitchen then came out stating that the chef cooked it medium well and that's how it is traditionally served. We then proceeded to show him the variance in color between the end (more orange in color) and the middle (more pink in color). He was about to go into the kitchen and ask again so we asked him if he wanted to take the fish to show the chef, he did. He came back out with the partially eaten plate, placed it on the table and said it was undercooked. He asked if we wanted a new one. We asked for a new one because from what we did eat, the salmon was tasty. He was going to leave the undercooked fish on our table so we asked him to take it. While we waited for a new salmon fish and chips, our waiter stopped by our table to feed us more excuses and support the original idea of "medium well" fish. In their defense, the chips were cooked perfectly. I proceeded to eat my cod which was slightly cold in the center because I didn't want to cause an even bigger scene. My boyfriend watched me eat and I him once his food came out. It was cooked well the 2nd time but the chips were overcooked. Throughout the whole experience, NOT ONE APOLOGY FROM ANYONE. No offers to comp anything.  Having worked in the food industry for a few years, I'm disappointed and a bit angered by their lack of professionalism. I hope they learn to take responsibility in the future.
To say the experience was horrible is not being over-dramatic.  To begin, we were seated in the same room as a 'tea party' with only two empty tables - for the two of us and another couple (the rest of the tables in the room were for the party and full) and it was uncomfortable.   We waited 10 minutes after being seated to be greeted, we ordered our food and drinks (non-alcoholic) since we had plenty of time to look over the menu.   After 15 minutes, still no drinks or server to wave down and our food arrived. The runner dropped it (didn't ask if we needed anything and left) - not to mention he set the food in the center of the table not asking what dish belonged to who.   Still no drinks, silverware or server to be flagged so we waited for ten minutes and finally received our drinks after we almost had to trip a server. We the asked for silverware and 5 minutes later it arrived. Almost 15 minutes we could finally eat. (Yes, we could have physically got up and asked someone, but that seems tacky to me).   We weren't asked if we needed anything else - and next time we saw the waiter he asked if we needed dessert - after declining, he dropped the check.   The check sat on the table, visibly ready, for another ten minutes until a very nice waitress came up and apologized for the delay profusely and finished the check.   The food was cold by the time we were able to eat but seemed decent. I had the fish and chips (no vinegar offered or available) and it was just okay. My friend had the Pate and it was served in an extremely odd presentation with no explanation.   Not one person (except the nice waitress, Viviana) apologized for their horrible and unprofessional service.  I would prefer to give zero stars, but Viviana herself deserves 5 starts, so I will give the place one.   Shameful.
Ordered the cod & chips, and it was very tasty...the cod & chips gets 4 stars. The atmosphere was lacking, with an empty, stale inside seating area and the outside tables taken up by only myself and my boyfriend. There was no music, there was only hubbub from Blue Martini next door.   The price seemed high for the recommended, yet mediocre steak chips & bits, and my waiter recommended me a beer that I was hesitant about trying. He never checked to see if I enjoyed it, or noticed that I had scooted it to my boyfriends side of the table.   I don't believe this place has enough draw, not even for happy hour pricing, to go back. Such a shame, it's a lovely location but with lacking service & an unsavory atmosphere, I don't foresee myself ever caring to go back.
After a lot of mall walking/window shopping, I decided to check this place out.  I ordered the fish sliders.  The bread was too sweet, the fried fish was flavorless and the overall product was overpriced and undersized.  What irked me was that I was still hungry and had to get a smoothie AFTER the meal to fill up.  I have no interest coming back.
This is a story of love and of hate.  I'm not one of those yelpers that has an okay time then dramatically posts how horrid a place is.  I'm a restaurant/catering business owner that is very easily pleased.  I know how demanding serving, cooking, bartending and the like are on people.  That being said I've always put forth my all in the service of my guests.  I don't care how tired, hung over, bloody mentally taxed I am, my customers/guests come first. I've been going to this location since its opening.  I thought I had found my new local pub.  The food was brilliant, they had a great selection of beers, grand cider on draught and the atmosphere seemed very low key.  It could either be a fun little pub or a fine dining establishment. In the beginning the service seemed brilliant, we were taken care of and the food was grand.  Each consecutive visit the service slipped downhill. I've had birthdays, meetings, I've referred people to this wee place.   Each time I've had people come back and tell me it was just eh, that the food was good but they felt ignored by the staff. We went to the opening week of McFaddens, we weren't greeted, then ignored by 8 bartenders for at least .5 an hour.  We decided to go to EQ, the weather was amazing so we sat outside.  We were ignored, finally we got a spot at the bar had a pint and left.   November past, I invited my friends to celebrate by visiting me for their happy hour, We arrived before six, got seated and were ignored for about 30 minutes.  As more of my friends showed up we moved to another table.  The seats adjacent to us filled, were ignored, and then emptied by disgruntled guests.  We nervously joked about it.  One, two , three, and when the fourth set of guests departed sans assistance, we got worried.  The two servers were taking care of a party inside and seemed rather stressed.  I eventually went to the bar and got a strongbow.  The night progressed, we eventually got our food, three orders were wrong and cold. We still left a sizeable tip for our party, and left a bit disappointed.  This place should thrive. We had guests in town over the weekend, we offered to take them to the airport Saturday night.  It being a huge basketball night, town square was right packed.  I thought yard house would be grand to bring the tourists to, it had a 45 minute wait.  We were hungry and didn't want to wait for our food.  Despite us saying that we'd not return to EQ, we knew it would dead.  We were right.  We entered the pub, weren't greeted and found it difficult to sit at the bar due to one of the waitresses chatting someone up in the aisle.  We sat down and the bartender told us that we couldn't order food because he didn't feel like remembering our order.  There was something off about him. He was seriously flung the menus and other items down.  He would be a good fit at Dick's last resort, I could call taco for him if he'd like.   He took our order 14 minutes after, he asked for our order several times, got it wrong. We finally got our food and there was still something omitted. Once that was righted, he yelled down to me to see if my beer was okay.  We got the spinach dip, a cheese platter, salmon pasta, chips and curry, and a curry plate.  The dip was like water, we asked him if this was normal and he said no its usually less watery. The flavor was horrid, like milk with a splash of beer in it and the consistency of skim.  He said he'd get us a new one, we declined it, insisting that we have to go.  We waited to pay, he eventually returned again with another dip, that same dip we declined.  We paid and left. I see no reason why this place has such bad service.  EQ, if you need someone to come in and manage, cook, we'll offer up our services.  When we visit a packed town square and walk by a very dead English's, it bloody hurts my heart.  Also fix your ice maker, exposed condenser and open container aren't good things for SNHD to see. Cheers Sorry if my flow is a bit off, I may be a wee bit tired.
To hell with the Blue Martini across the way, I like the intimate patio of this restaurant. It's low key and a great place to enjoy happy hour. The brunch here has great dishes and my husband's family from England came here twice during a recent visit. I guess the food was familiar to them and therefore comforting.  Service was attentive the 3 times I've come here. I think this is the best restaurant that's been in this spot since Town Square opened.
Love this restaurant! First of all, there is no better place to sit outside, sip a beer, and people watch at Town Square.  The food is unique, not the regular menu. I truly enjoy that. The staff is absolutely sweet and helpful. They know their food and drinks. I love love love the Chicken Tikka Masala! It's delicious, and spiced the way you want it, mild, medium, hot or crazy hot :) Yumm! Go, check it out!
I have been to this place several times. I love the food the Strongbow Ale is awesome. What bothers me is the service. An example is what happened last night. My friend and I had gotten there early and had some beers and an app while waiting for one more person. I had to ask the waiters for another beer agreed sitting there a while... Which I thought, no biggie. Then when our third person joined us, it was as if they took even longer to wait on us. We noticed the bartender was also waiting tables, which made us to believe they were short handed.  We were going to order dinner than decided to go somewhere else because the service was just not that good. I get it when you're short on help, but may I recommend that you acknowledge customers who are patiently waiting and tell them you will be with them asap. It might save you from several customers walking out like what happened last night. I love this place and how the next time is an improvement!
4/20/2014 Easter Sunday. The place was not full. As we walked in the staff looked confused and no one greeted us. They just all looked at each other like they didn't know who was going to take us. We chose our table on the patio. Outside of the menus being given to us, there was no offer of water or drinks. The wait staff was less than enthusiastic and definitely lethargic. I got so frustrated I walked back into the restaurant to tell them that the service was lacking. Honestly I think this is a management problem and not with the staff. Where is management to make sure tables are being serviced properly? Why is the new bartender not trained to smile and say hello to customers walking into the restaurant? Why is there no hostess on EASTER Sunday?  Our server was gracious and apologetic but the food coming out of the kitchen took extra long too. As icing on the cake, the dessert had a piece of plastic wrap in it.   I'll still return to this restaurant and I'll happily update my review again but for now, this last visit left me disappointed.
Meh. I was really excited to find this place but was just disappointed. The food was ok but not great. It was a little pricy for what you get
Horrible service!! Went there and took 40 mins for us to find out who our server was. Ended up leaving before we even ordered. Go to any other place in town square or youll waste your time.
My husband and I wanted to go into a different restaurant for brunch while we were in Vegas. My husband found the reviews for English's and we took our child off to the Town Place. We arrived within an hour of opening. The restaurant is near the children's play area so it's a bit hidden back. When the Gameworks opens, it'll probably be more of a draw.     One of the best things about this place is the fact they do some English fusion stuff - which sounds pretty weird but things like a poutine with an onion gravy, sliced bangers and chile cheddar cheese over fries. Not the stuff that I've had in Canada. But it was quite tasty! My husband had the steak and mushroom pie which he really enjoyed. I had the cod and fries which was a huge plate of perfectly crisp fries, a small bowl of sweet mashed peas and a large piece of battered cod. All tasted really lovely and was very filling.    The reason I only give English's two stars is because of the staff. Again, we arrived within an hour after the restaurant opening and there was only one other table seated having tea but the service was lackluster. The hostess at the beginning polite and friendly but lost that the second time we saw her. The waiter seemed harried but again, there was only one other table seated. He was really nice but just didn't show any real interest in finding out how we were doing. He took our orders for drinks and there was a long wait before our order for food was taken. When our meal was delivered by I believe was the hostess, we asked for water and she glared at us. We had to ask again for water and finally a carafe was delivered to our table.     I'd like to say it was maybe just us they didn't like but another group came in - a large family of about 8 people. They gave their drink order and none of the drinks delivered to the table was remotely correct (a Sprite was brought instead of a Coke kind of thing). Admittedly, there were a couple people at the table who were asking far too many questions about what the food was (the menu is pretty clear what the food is) but still, they had our waiter who seemed harried and confused by them.    I would love to come back here because the food is so good but I cannot bring my friends here or even suggest they eat here because the service is just so bad. Such a shame.
This staff went ABOVE AND BEYOND to make my birthday brunch a memorable one! The bottomless mimosas and belini's were a hit! The presentation for the fruit and pastry tray was absolutely adorable. It was all far more than I was expecting! I'm glad I chose this place. They fit 25-30 of us on their patio easily and it was just so perfect!
Eating here was very different. My gf and I were just looking for a place to eat and had plenty of choices at Town Square. We had eaten at the majority of the restaurants in the surrounding area, but wanted to try something fast and different so we tried this place. For appetizers, we ordered the Salmon Costini and Olde English. I thought that the smoked Salmon on the Costini was pretty good, but the Olde English was something very different. I mean, it wasn't bad at all, but it was definitely something that I have never had. The sausage in the bread was good, but the scotch egg was okay. For our entrees, my gf ordered the Steak, Mushroom, and Newcastle Ale Pie. It came with mashed potatoes, a flakey crust type of bread, and lastly a bowl of what looked like soup with the steak and mushroom. Overall my gf said it was good, nothing great though. I ordered the fish and chips sliders which came with fries (chips) and also thought that it was on the "okay" side. In summary, the restaurant was okay, definitely something different. If you wanted to try something on the different side try this restaurant but I gave it a 3 star because services was good not great (server seemed a little green) and lastly food was different.
Have to try tea service for brunch one day or something! They really go all out and it's a great deal that keeps you full.  Scones (with their homemade cream- YUMMM), your own mini pot of tea, petit fours, small sandwiches. So good.
What we tried foodwise, was good.   Caesar salad- expected a tiny salad, since it says $3 on HH so we each ordered one. It was huge. Enough to split. Needed more dressing & had a few aged edges, otherwise very good.  Poutine was also very good. Liked the spicy bangers. This is one awkward dish to describe in words. :) Ordered the bread plate, but were quite full when it came. Those pretzels with honey mustard were special, I would order just the pretzels with dip, if it was offered.  Our problem was service. Our server, Jenn, was really good considering that it looked like she was the only server during HH. I counted about 13 tables for just her at one point. Though I give low marks for customer service, it's not to take away from her. She really handled herself with grace, did the best she could and never appeared frazzled. Very professional. She was hustlin'!  Luckily, we were in no hurry. Took about 25 minutes to get water/order drinks; 15 to order food. Food came fast...I wanted to order another seasonal brew, but never saw anyone to order from again until plates were cleared. When the check came, everything but drinks were priced differently than the menu stated. I mentioned it, they "fixed" it, yet the prices were still different than what the menu stated. False advertising is not cool. I felt really mislead, so ya not a great ending to what was surprisingly good food.    I just felt kind of bad for the server & hope mgmt can get it together. Could be 5 stars here! Need smaller portions on happy hour; as a customer, I'm not expecting a huge portion on an HH menu.
Well. The service was great. Our server was attentive and helpful. But I was really disappointed in the food. There's been a steady downward spiral in the quality of all the dishes. I first came here back when it opened a few years ago and I was incredibly impressed. But today the chicken korma was dry (not really curry at all), the chips were over cooked, the burger was dry, and the Yorkshire pudding was atrocious. I've recommends this place several times over the years, but I won't be any more. It's sad to see a nice place go down hill.
Wonderful restaurant. Loved the High Tea!!  The food is really good and filling - scones - finger sandwiches - desserts - tea. We added the champagne and chocolate covered strawberries for $10 more. Simply the best!  The only reason not 5 stars is would have liked a little more table time with our server. Restaurant wasn't crowded - but maybe he was just busy with something / someone else.   But all in all - loved and will be back!!!
So fun.  Try the tea breakfast.  Sandwiches, scones and desserts.
Super cute space! But super under-whelmed! I was really hoping to like this place, they have an awesome outdoor space and just an overall great location! But this place has horrible service and mediocre food.   Keeping walking if you pass by this place....
The fish 'n chips was so greasy that it was slipping out of my hands.  The Guiness Stout was warm and went untouched.  How can a British Pub ruin such a meal?  The server took off the beer, but I did pay for the food.   P.S. I am a local who eats at least once a week at Town Square.  Next time I will go to the Yardhouse!
My boys surprised to some afternoon tea for Mother's Day. Upon arrival I noticed how small the place was and lack of decor. Everything was pretty open. We were seated in the half booth/chair right in front of the bar. Not the best view with a toddler and sports going on the tv. It looked a little  cramped as the waiters/waitresses walked by. We opted to sit next to each other inside the booth and had baby in between us. Im sure if I sat across from hubby and baby is be sucking my tummy in and scooting my chair in so they can get by. I noticed they wall stand there and talk until they have a table that needs to be serviced. I'm not a big fan of that.   We had a nice waiter (probably the supervisor because she didn't have a matching uniform like the others) she was great the entire time not pushy and checked on us periodically but not overwhelming. The only thing was she didn't ask if we have been there before because we were confused with the tea menu as we have not experienced "high tea" before. That was my "uh oh ... this may be a bad experience" first impression but she gladly explained after I asked how does this work.   We got the tea first (kudos to not having to share the same pot or flavor) the pot was a cutesy one like I had imagined tea time. It was a plain white pot and they marked the tea flavor the cover. Wasn't so pretty, I guess.   Then we got our sandwiches, scones and dessert. Uhhhh....I was upset at the sandwich. It was just a cream cheese spread and another one with two different types of bread with the same spread and thinly slices cucumbers in it. Wtf! I could've made better sandwiches at home. I was hoping for a variety in the sandwiches. The scones with the cream and jelly was pretty delish tho! On the top tier had cake pops, petit fours and mini macarons. That was just OK.   I think they can do a little better even for the reasonable price. I don't know if you get ripped off as far as servings goes had we not added the kids tea meal thingy. She did mention free refills on the scones and dessert. We probably loaded up on the scones and left full from that. Cause the second tier was all the same scones.   Unfortunately, my friend did warn me about this place but it was a surprise brunch from hubby. So I had no choice and didn't want to complain. I won't be going back. I'll be having my own tea party at home.
Great place to have Sunday tea or unlimited mimosa! Awesome price and for kids just being $5 is a plus as my girlfriend and I like to take the nieces out for aunt/uncle weekend outings.  Definitely recommend this place. Get the special of scones/sandwich and dessert tier platters.  I could eat the scones all day. Just don't come in hungry as it's not big portions and is meant for edible tastings.
Sehr stylischer Italiener mit guter Karte, sehr schnem Ambiente und hervorragender Bedienung. Toller Thekenbereich und eine offene Kche runden das Bild ab. Das Gebude einer ehemaligen Bank wurde gekonnt in ein Restaurant der oberen Mittelklasse verwandelt. Tendenz zur Oberklasse.
A good new addition to Edinburgh's Italian restaurant scene. We summed it up: "we think Amarone represents a good addition to the range of Italian eateries in Edinburgh's city centre. So far, we think it lacks a Unique Selling Point, but we may discern that from further exposure to the menu. For now, we think it's a good all-rounder that is likely to please most tastes. How it chooses to define itself to stand out from the crowd, time will tell."
Haben dort nach einer kleinen Rundreise den letzten Abend hier verbracht, nach vielem einheimischem Essen war es uns nach einem Italiner und der hier, kann mit den Besten auf dem Kontinent jederzeit mithalten. Klasse Pizza und Nudeln, sowie tolle Weine, dass hat aber seinen Preis. Das Ampiente ist sehr schn, das Restaurant ist Perfekt eingerichtet, dass Personal einfach Spitze !
Solid food at Amarone.  I was heartbroken when Massimo Edinburgh closed as I loved their food and adored their staff.  You can tell when there are Italians in any kitchen.    Amarone's location and ambiance are certainly a step up from Massimo.  So are the prices...while not expensive, don't expect to walk out of there without your wallet feeling a little lighter.    As a starter, I had the prosciutto with fig and honey.  My friend had the beef carpaccio. Both were adequately done.  I couldn't really taste the honey, but the sweetness of the figs perfectly balanced the slight salty tang of the prosciutto. The carpaccio was great.    For dinner, she had the gorgonzola risotto. It was out of this world.  I had the goat cheese ravioli.  It was fine, but didn't knock my socks off.  The tiramisu almost made me forget the relative blandness of the ravioli. I must point out the pasta, while missing a little something on seasoning, was cooked to absolute perfection.  The pancetta peas are NOT to be missed. If I could order a gigantic bowl of those with Amarone's version of garlic bread, I'd be in demi-heaven. The crusty bread DRIPS with butter.  Divine.  The house Chianti was above average.  Didn't try it but as the pizzas were swept past us to a neighboring table, they looked like plated art.  I'll try one next time I go.  *be prepared to pay with cash. Apparently their modem has a tricky connection, and doesn't always work. Luckily my friend had enough green to cover both of us, otherwise, I'd had have to sing for my supper.
on friday night, i found myself out with three guys and about 4 drinks in on an empty stomach.  i made a silent plea to my boyfriend that we desperately needed to get dinner at almost 9pm and alas we ended up at amarone.  i'd been to the glasgow branch a few times before so i knew this place was decent and after a few drinks i found the food to be pretty amazing!  we were seated right away when we walked in at a booth not far from the front door.  now this place looks quite larger but since we only moved a few feet away from the door i can't actually confirm that. however, the big open bar space in the middle of the booths at the front was quite nice and helped mix those dining with those having a drink and maybe some nibbles at the high top tables.  i found this to add a good atmosphere, but it may have been a wee bit loud for some people.  we may have been a wee bit tipsy, so making decisions on what to order was relatively quick.  our starter of garlic bread and a bottle of red arrived just moments after asking for it.  the wine was poured and at 15 for a bottle i thought it was incredibly nice, very fruity and easy to drink.  sorry that i don't remember the name... the garlic bread was super buttery and garlicy and so good when i'd not eaten anything since my lunch at noon.  only about ten minutes after the garlic bread and wine arrived, our mains came along.  i'd ordered pasta with sausage in a tomato and ricotta sauce.  the dish they brought me out was huge which made the serving of pasta look a bit small.  however, it was just an illusion because there was a good serving of pasta mixed with loads of tasty sausage.  recalling it now, i found it incredibly delicious and i'm tempted to re-create the dish at home.  i also tried a few bites of my boyfriend's steak which was incredibly tender and full of flavour.  i was a bit surprised as this is an italian not a steak restaurant, but they certainly knew how to provide a good bit of red meat.  a bit tipsy or not, i definitely enjoyed this place and it's a nice addition to the george street scene.  i thought it was reasonably priced as we'd had 4 mains, two starters, and two bottles of wine which came to 30 per person.  also the service was speedy and efficient which is so important when you arrive starving at a restaurant!  i think i'll happily pop back in when i'm out shopping or in need of a good meal after a few drinks.
My experience at Amarone was okay. Not very noteworthy, but I admittedly got a fairly plain meal (night before a half marathon). My penne with tomato sauce and basil was hot and fresh, but nothing spectacular. The side salad consisted of fresh greens and quite a bit of roasted peppers and eggplant. Service was mediocre to slightly neglectful.
I always forget about Amarone (I don't really understand how because it's massive and situated at such a prominent corner of George Street), but for some absolute non-reason, I do.  I've had several experiences at Amarone, and most of them were positive. In fact, all of them were pretty joyful, with one occasion just having an edge of being slightly amusing, because it was mid-Christmas carnage and I think the staff had all reached a point of delerium, and so had all the squiffy Italian food-desiring punters, so the fact our orders got slightly mixed up and my friend got parmesan scattered all over her pasta shortly after saying "no thank you" to the offered delicacy really didn't matter, because the food was really flavourful anyway. And, as a separate point...who doesn't like parmesan cheese? Having pasta without parmesan is like leaving Thelma without Louise, Bill without Ted, Mario without Luigi... mind running out of famous pairings...but anyway, pasta without parmesan is wrong, and if you don't like it, well, get to like it. It's one of the Italian high gods of cheese.  Anyway, some useful details to note about Amarone - the portions are generous, which is handy to know, because I've gone for the set lunch menu twice (which is very reasonably priced) and been pretty full before I'd even got to the main course. The minestrone is very, very tasty, obviously a traditional Italian staple and just the most satisfying, hearty zuppa if it's done properly. Because I'm completely inept at making risotto myself I always tend to try it out in restaurants, and Amarone's risotto with crab meat, tiger prawns and cherry tomatoes is tremendous - top it with some rocket salad, team with it a big glass of white, and you are set for culinary happiness.  As I said, the place is huge, and despite being on the main George Street thoroughfare it's a good place to know about if you want impromptu pasta or pizza of decent quality and you've not made a booking, even if it's at the weekend, as you're likely to get a table straight away, or at least not have to linger around for too long. There's a decent bar area where you can enjoy a drink while you're waiting - I'd keep it classic and sip on a Negroni.
This is an elegant Italian restaurant. The room is really big and noisy. There are families, executives, tourists, everyone is welcome. The food and the service were really good. The food was served very quickly. Although you see waiters running all the time, our waiter took the time to chat a bit and recommend us good dishes. The price quality relation was fair. I recommend this restaurant if you like Italian food.
My saving grace after my walk out of another restaurant. After explaining the situation to the manager upon arrival, they reassured my mum and I we would be taken good care of. Service was extremely friendly, speedy and efficient as usual and the pasta lovely. The spicy sausage penne pasta was the clear winner for me.   I do think its a tad overpriced however who am I to squabble over a pound or 2 when the service is so top notch. Exactly what I expect from a restaurant situated in George street though surrounded by competition.   It's not somewhere I ever plan to go to or book in advance but on occasion when I want tasty Italian food near that end of town it does the job nicely. It's generally busy with a bustling, George street type atmosphere. It doesn't epitomise the quality of restaurant Edinburgh has to offer but it's worth an impromptu, post shopping pop in.
All I am saying is that this place plays with your mind, man. You go down a set of stairs to the bathroom (take a packed lunch, it's an epic trip), and when you pop back out at the top again, you leave through a different door. I didn't even see the door that I came through. I didn't drink anything down there when I was in the lair of the beast, nor did I pick up any cakes labelled 'eat me'. After two shandies, I was a bit concerned about how drunk I was that I didn't recognise where I was, and had to do a shameful sneak around, staying close to the wall, til I figured out my bearings. Very sneaky Amarone, I need me some arrows showing me the way home.   I haven't eaten at Amarone yet - but there is a small bar area at the front with table service. For the likes of me who hates going to the bar (yeah, I am one of 'those' girls), it's awesome, but when it's busy, it's a little difficult to get the attention I so readily deserve. However, it was all very pleasant, despite how busy it was (being a Friday night), and despite it felt a bit strange to be drinking in a restaurant. I'll try the food another day.
What a great change to the stuffed to the gills, claustrophobic pubs in Edinburgh!  Clean, spacious, and modern inside.  Waiters are most likely named Marco (we had Marco #3 of 4), and are transplants from Italy.    A wood fired pizza turns out a perfect pizza - crispy, non-soggy crust, a bit of char, and the tomato sauce balances the mozzarella perfectly.  The Margherita pizza could use more basil, though.  The tiramisu was not over soaked, so the lady fingers still held up well and had great texture, and the biscotti was, well, biscotti and not what I though one would garnish with.  I enjoyed it though!  Lastly... The drinks are out-of-this-world.  I enjoyed the Amarone Classico.  Champagne, sugar, bitters, amaretto, and brandy.  One was plenty!
Ein sehr schickes Restaurant im Herzen einer ebenso schicken Stadt. Die Karte ist vielfltig und auch Vegetarier finden hier etwas. Das Ambiente ist stylisch und hat Charakter.  Das Essen war immer sehr gut (Die Pizza ist allerdings recht gro) und die Bedienung immer uerst freundlich. Nur zu empfehlen!
I love Italian food...and in Edinburgh there is a perception that we lack quality Italian fare. In the main i would have to agree with this however I really do think Amarone is doing their best to fight back against this.  On a merry Saturday evening Kasey and I decided we were in need of food having frequented the Guildord arms for a few hours :).  The first thing to say is the service is excellent, attentive and polite and always on hand when required.  Having veru similar tastes gastronomically I odered for us both, we went for the bruschetta starter followed by the lobster linguini.  The starter was huge, two massive piece of bruschetta with fresh tomatos, lots of garlic, rocket and balsamic. Simple and delicious.  For the main ....wow!! I am a man that likes his shellfish and his dish was great. Nice al dente pasta with chunks of lobster and tomato with a rich luxurious lobster sauce. NOM!!! Needless to say I was a happy boy. Topped up with a bottle of red than the waitress seemed to constantly have in her hand (I genuinelt didnt have to lift it once) it was a great meal.
I came here for a work dinner one rainy Wednesday night. It's not my normal sort of haunt as it's just a wee bit on the fancy side and has a George Street air of 'this could be expensive'. However, I thought it was very good value for a two course dinner option at 12.95.   I had the salami and buffalo mozzarella to start with. Hello! I really enjoyed this, it was so nice and surprisingly there was quite a lot of it too. I had the seafood linguine as the main course... it was ok. A little bit dry and not much seafood, I probably wouldn't have it again. Apparently the steak was really nice though. As a former vegetarian steak still doesn't really appeal to me, but there were raving reviews about it from a few folk around the table.  The service was quite good, the waitress always seemed to have a bottle of red in her hand so the glasses were always merrily being topped up. There was also a rad spiral staircase down to the loos. Not the wisest idea perhaps after a few glasses of aforementioned vino... but a nice unique bit of architectural fare nonetheless!
E:S:I (Englishman: Scotsman: Irishman) is a super-stylish brasserie. From its large open kitchen, it features a range of locally sourced dishes, catering to a range of tastes.  Overall, we said: "we were extremely impressed. The new festive menu was really nice, and will no doubt get better as the month goes on. The setting is cool, with the feel of a sharp, modern art gallery about it, a feel which is enhanced by the stylish artwork, on the walls. We took the opportunity to look over their evening menu, so we'll definitely be back to sample their Steak Night, held every Thursday. We look forward to that visit, early in the new year, muchly."
The food at E:S:I is fabulous. With the menu reflecting the season, it's good to go every few months just to see what's new. On previous visits I've had the pork belly (fabulous) and the steak (Scottish style, of course).   It's worth bearing in mind that Thursday night is steak night and you can get a discounted price on your big slab of meaty goodness.   The one thing that upsets me about E:S:I is their cheeseboard: you'd think it would be the perfect opportunity to showcase some artisan cheese from each of the three nations, but sadly the cheese appears to have been bought from the Tesco round the corner. If they can get that sorted out I'm sure I'll be back sooner than anticipated"
I think it's closed now - when I went past recently they had a sign saying they were closing down.
A recent addition to the Stockbridge restaurant directory, the Purslane promises "casual fine dining" in relaxed surroundings. One of those places you might not spot until you're really looking for it, it served us really good dishes, and is just the kind of place we could see ourselves revisiting on many occasions.  Overall, we said: "this is a charming place. I now understand the phrase 'casual fine dining' and for the money, I'd say you'd be hard pressed to mix quality and quantity as well."
I have been to Purslane at least three times. On two occasions I was entertaining business partners. Choosing from the three course menu was always a challenge, as all of the dishes sound very appealing. The food is excellent: delicious, generous portions and superb presentation. The wine list is good and prices are VERY reasonable for Stockbridge. The place is nice and service is very friendly. In summary, two thumbs up and five stars for this place.
I OFTEN WALK passed restaurants just to have a gander at the menu; call it a food geeky hobby of mine.  As it happens, Purslane is just around the corner from my work and has caught my eye all too often without action.  Time to pay a visit!  Located on St. Stephen Street, Purslane proudly sources around 80% of its produce from the surrounding Stockbridge area.  Not only does this bring a community feel to the restaurant but also allows the excellent produce from the likes of George Bower the butcher, George Armstrong the fishmonger and I.J Mellis to feature on its menu.   The restaurant is small, there's no beating around the bush about that, but it's small with a certain charm and romance to it and is tastefully decorated too.  Our server was very relaxed and chatty and as we placed our order, it was obvious he really enjoyed his job.  We were presented with an amuse bouch of crispy chicken and Asian noodle salad.  The aroma of roast chicken invited you to dive straight in, where you were greeted by this excellent nugget of chicken and accompanying salad that was fresh and crunchy and had a pleasant hint of aniseed to it.  For starter, I went for sole and salmon roulade with sauce vierge.  The smell suggested the fish was as fresh as a daisy.  Expertly seasoned, the roulade was moist and tasted of the sea.  The sauce vierge was well-made and added to what was overall a great modern version of classic flavour combinations.  Sarah chose pigeon pithivier with wild mushrooms and Madeira jus. The pastry was properly cooked and satisfied my Paul Hollywood-esque inspection - no soggy bottoms here.   She found some of the pigeon a little chewy, although the piece I tasted was fine and the flavour was there.  The mushrooms were wonderful and woody and the jus, ahh that jus was simply sublime.   The intermediate course consisted of pan fried hake with a fricassee of vegetables, which being honest I wouldn't have expected to be included in a meal priced at 25.95. Not that I was complaining, as this was a sheer joy to eat.  The fish skin was crisp and the meaty flesh was perfectly cooked. The attention to detail evident in the shelled peas and podded broad beans and a wonderfully light and creamy sauce made it as if the dish saying 'you didn't order me in the first instance and this is what you're missing'.  For main, I had roast breast of guinea fowl with confit potato, watercress and jus gras.  There's several different skills demonstrated in this dish; not just the cooking of the breast but a nifty ballotine and a neatly butchered leg were all top notch. The tasty jus gras sees the whole bird being used to its full potential; I only wish there was more of it on the plate.  I have to say I thought the watercress made this dish.  The pepperiness just gave it a hint of spice and a bit of texture. The use of an ingredient bang in season tells you a lot about the ethos of the restaurant.  Sarah had grilled red mullet with herb crusted boulangre potatoes and roasted red pepper salsa. Faultless execution and seasoning of the fish, which was complimented by the zingy salsa. However, Sarah felt the potatoes could have been crispier and more golden.  The raspberry sorbet was a welcome palette cleanser as I chose to finish with apple and butterscotch crme brle while Sarah ordered the assiette of pear.  This was no standard brle let me tell you.  Lifting the apple crisp to find the centre had been cut out to house the butterscotch sauce was rather quirky, while the outside offered the crisp exterior you would expect from a classic version of the dish.  The popcorn was a fun addition but it was sadly a little on the limp side.  The presentation of the pear dish was clean and modern and the tastes from the sorbet, cannelloni and poached pear were refreshing, light, and a thoroughly pleasant way to end any meal.  Paul Gunning has honed his trade under chefs like Marco Pierre White, Jeff Bland and Jean Michel Gauffre and that shows.  His presentation of food is outstanding and no detail goes unmissed. This is a chef who has learned his craft and is now intent on putting his own stamp on the Edinburgh food landscape.  At 25.95, I can't think of anywhere that offers better value for the standard of food on offer and it really is fine dining without any hint of pretention.  It's made me question how good places where I've paid considerably more actually are and I can't give a much bigger compliment than that.   This gem of a restaurant and one really needs to be experienced first- hand.
Went there for their 7 course tasting menu on Friday. One look at the menu and I almost wanted to do a Bridget Jones dance around the restaurant. Knowing full well that my dinner partner would be more than slightly embarrassed with that uncouth and outwardly show of excitement, I sat back and enjoyed the glass of Prosecco and 'acted' sophisticated. The only tell tale sign was probably the gleam in my eyes and my lack of focus on the topic of conversation that my dinner companion had embarked upon. Wine.   I know I am in trouble when I can't focus on a topic such as wine.   He picked the Pinot Grigio Rose, Bella Modella, Italy, 2011 for our meal.   Our servers hit the exact note of polite, friendly and chatty which was perfect for the small, rustic but cosy restaurant decked in charming earthy tones.   The amuse bouch was a Butternut Squash veloute which was sweet and creamy and the perfect accompaniment for the slice of freshly bakes cumin bread I had picked.  We then had the Sole and Salmon Roulade with Sauce Vierge which was a thing of beauty. Delicate with every little element complimenting the fresh fish. I could happily have eaten 10 of those and still want more.   We were then presented with an Crispy chicken and Asian noodle salad.  Chicken that is moist and tender on the inside with a crisp and moreish crumbed exterior served with a refreshing salad with crisp bean-sprouts and broccoli and an Asian dressing.   We then had the pan fried Hake with the Vegetable Fricasse. Crispy skin, flaky fish sitting on a bed of vegetables expertly prepared and a light creamy sauce. I was almost temped to ask for a bit of bread to mop the sauce up with. I didn't since we had 4 more courses to go.  For our main we were presented with a Roast Loin of Pork with Confit Potatoes, Stornaway Black Pudding, Pork Belly and an Apple Sauce. The Pork was deliciously tender, the plate so skilfully put together that I almost didn't want to dive in. My dinner companion pretty much inhaled his in 2 mouthfuls.   We then had a refreshing Raspberry sorbet pre-dessert and I can safely say that I would've happily had my tasting menu end there. I was comfortably full and didn't think I could manage another bite.   Well that was before our Dark Chocolate Marquis with Ice Cream was placed on the table. The decadent chocolate dessert sat there and stared me in the eye. The dark gleaming square beckoned me to try it, just one spoonful it seemed to be saying. Try I did. And finished it too and what a perfect finish it was to the meal.   You know those moments when you taste something and you can almost hear an emotional celebratory tune in your head... imagine confetti falling from the ceiling with loud explosions of glitter filling the room....???  Yeah.... My dining experience at Purslane was one of those.
Anita A. and I went to Purslane for their 7 course tasting menu @50 pp - as we had a voucher it was half price and a good reason enough to indulge for a date night.   I'll have to mention that the place is small and the tables are just a little too close to each other. However the music is not too loud, so when speaking it doesn't travel to another table - too much.  Anita booked the table a couple of days before and advised the restaurant that I had a fish allergy, which she was assured would be no problem on the night. On arrival we were warmly greeted and seated. Directly we were explained what the fish alternatives were for those 2 dishes that contained it. I was supplied lamb and (I think) a ham alternative.   The courses supplied where on queue and though looked tiny (for you multi tasting diner virgins : it is supposed to be that way) as these were plentiful it did filled you up. We decided on a light red wine to accompany the dishes and settled on a sangiovese.   The courses have been described in full, but I will post a picture of this as I cannot really remember what in which order.  In other reviews they have described most of what we had in detail (thanks Nishitaa R.)  and I can assure you that they were indeed very good - only one we didn't particular enjoyed was the pork dish. A little too dry, chewy and the green peas a little too crunchy. And Everything else was well attended and presented.   It was a pleasure to have good service, efficient, genuinely interested in how you liked it and how your are feeling. They left enough time between courses and provided and placed clean cutlery for every course presented. (is that important? -  Yes! As after other restaurant experiences - this doesn't happen that often these days!)   There is a cosy sofa outside to cool down and tho have some fresh air. I would not smoke there as it will go in to the restaurant.  In fact for smoking I advise you go up the stairs - away from the entrance & window.   We really enjoyed this visit and were actually well fed
But, soft! What light through yonder window breaks, it is the east and Purslane is my sun!   It was a beautiful sunny lunchtime when we came in here for lunch, and the sun carried on shining on my tastebuds as we had the two course lunch for 12 pounds. What great value for such great food!  We were made to feel very welcome, and the casual fine dining experience to me is all about relaxed good service with excellent quality food. The service was brilliant and it was clear everyone here is passionate about good food and making every trip here special.  I started with the smoked salmon blinis which was fresh, rich and beautifully presented. The pan fried hake was delicious and has to be up there as one of the best fish dishes I've had. I really did spend the whole afternoon afterwards finding myself just going 'hmmmmm' at the memory of it.  Unfortunately we were under a bit of time pressure, so I'm already planning a return visit with some more time to enjoy a leisurely lunch or dinner at what is now my top picks  Edinburgh restaurant.  And the best thing? You get a QR code on a card with your bill that allows you to go and buy Paul and other excellent Edinburgh chefs recipes, so you can recreate the fine dining experience at home with friends and family. What a fantastic idea! I've already cooked the roast rump of lamb with a herb crust for some friends.   But it won't be stopping me coming back for the real experience of being so wrapped in the sunshine of service and taste that is Purslane.
I've had many pies around the world and the one I had here exceeded my expectations. It was a little different to what I expected, it came with the pastry separate to the steak filling as a light, delicious, flaky pile of heaven. The steak was cooked perfectly in a juicy ale sauce and my boyfriend had major food envy. The coffee was just average I would go to Artisan Roast in New Town for that but we'll be back for another pie.
Surrounded by hideous tourist trap syndicated pubs on a main drag shopping alley, it'd be easy to expect precious little from Rosehip, but it dished up what proved to be one of THE best example of a Steak and Ale pie in this town.   Cheap AND amazing, we're talking the most luscious beef and beer stew on a bed of perfectly chunky/creamy mash topped with a pillow of puff pastry.  Forget the awful, reheated, hideous pub rubbish of 'traditional' fake pubs, give Rosehip a burl at lunchtime and you might just have an epiphany.
Two stars is probbly a bit harsh, but while my experience at Rosehip wasn't awful, it definitely wasn't "A-OK".    On a particularly rainy weekday afternoon spent running back and forth around Rose St, running errands, we needed food.  I liked Seadogs but knew that it had been replaced and just fancied somewhere to take a seat and get a sandwich.  We were greeted by very friendly staff and a reasonably empty restaurant but then told (by a very new member of staff) to just go get a waiter when we were ready to order.  After that, said new member of staff stood behind the bar chatting with someone and not paying attention to me trying to catch his eye.  I had to go to him to let him know we were ready to order but was then ushered back to my table to place my order formally... it was all a bit odd but it could very well have been down to the inexperience of the member of staff.  The lunch deals were pretty reasonably priced and my soup and a sandwich was, I believe 5.99 while The Man's fish and chips were 7.99.    I ordered the broccoli and brie soup which was pretty bland and uninteresting, as well as the roast beef sandwich.  When I eat in a resturant which has a menu that goes on about only using fresh local products, I do NOT expect to find plain old lunch meat in my sandwich.  Sure it was roast beef, but it was grey, reconstituted roast beef.    The Man's fish and chips were tiny and served with canned mushy peas - you know the type, unnaturally green and mostly just paste.  Another bit of "fresh, local produce" I see.    So all in all, while it wasn't a wallet buster, we left wishing that we had just gotten sandwiches from Greggs at a fraction of the price.  Yeah, that's right, a sandwich from Greggs would have been not just cheaper, but also tastier.
From whisky to food Fresh, local, made to order Simple British flair
I am really surprised that the other reviews for the Rosehip aren't as glowing as I expected! Tonight we went to the Rosehip and it was good we had made reservations since the place was busy but not overcrowded by the time we arrived at 8pm. We were greeted with a friendly welcome and, when we requested not to sit by the cold door and entryway, we were led to a fantastic table by a window in the nicer back of the restaurant.  We both had the steak main with grilled portobello mushroom, grilled tomato, onion rings, hand-cut chips and a fantastic fresh peppercorn sauce. I am not usually a big steak person and am also not a big sauce person. However, this meal was fantastically done! The steak was cooked well and was of really good quality, and this sauce was just amazing and I've never had anything quite like it. Actually, I don't think I've ever had fresh, green peppercorn that hasn't been dried first, and this sauce perfectly complemented the meal. I also had a great coconut porter that was delicious and fun to try. The Rosehip has a great whisky selection of over 200 types, so we'll have to come back for some sampling next time.  The menu was great with a starter of mussels for 6 and salmon as a main for 10, and steaks for 16 or 21 depending on the size. I felt the menu had enough good choices and also tempted me with too many good options so I'll have to come back again. The ambiance was nice and the decorations on the wall with vintage Edinburgh railroad memorabilia was fun and a nice touch. The service was good and also surprisingly quick. I enjoyed it here!
I expected more of the Rosehip.. Hence only 2 stars.  It was a cold Thursday night, I had a long day behind me and what I was looking for now was a nice dinner out. My husband and I had bought a itison voucher for a steak meal at Rosehip some time ago and decided to make use of it finally.  After arriving at the restaurant, we got a table in the upstairs area. Ordered 2 glasses of wine and they bought over a bottle.. No big deal, it was rectified swiftly.  My husband ordered a brie starter: 3 smallish triangles of fried brie which came with sweet chili sauce and salad. It was delicious, and just the right amount for a starter.  A while later, our main courses arrived. The deal was for a 8oz sirloin steak served with grilled tomato, onion rings, hand cut chips and garlic butter.  Instead of chips we got potato wedges - again not a big issue but I'm more a chips/fries kind of girl. Especially if they are 'shoestring fries' :) The onion rings were lovely, and I ate them quickly before they went cold. The steak itself was quite nicely cooked, but it had quite a few fatty bits which I had to discard. It didn't have as much flavour, but the accompanying peppercorn sauce was nice - it wasn't too strong or peppery. There was no garlic butter, but to be honest I didn't need it anyway.   It was time to pay.. They brought over the bill and we noticed that they had charged for a full bottle of wine instead of 2 glasses. They apologised and brought over the right amount of change.  The waiting staff were all very friendly and that was the positive thing about Rosehip. Food wasn't quite up to my liking but perhaps I've been spoiled by Kyloe when it comes to steaks.
This visit was because we had a Voucher for 2 people for a 8oz sirloin steak, fries and vegetables and peppercorn sauce.  The Rosehip is a bright place with a clean minimalistic rustic farmer's home feel to it. Mismatched chairs, around mismatched bare wooden tables. Spartan table settings, on the tables you have no cloth.   On entering we noticed that we brought in a lot of cold air and guests at a table near the entrance asked to be moved to a warmer spot, which was promptly done.  On returning from that just moved table guests - the waitress offered us that exact table. We declined politely. So we were seated on the upper level  We ordered 2 large glasses of red wine and a breaded brie starter to share. We ordered our steaks Medium-Rare. The wine came and it was an bottle, we explained the actual order and that was corrected.  The brie was very tasty and big enough to share, very nice dressing on the side salad too.   The steak were server with skinned potato wedges (not fries) and noticeably varied in temperature. The Sirloin steak was a flat char-coaled griddle with grizzle bits. It was done medium (but with the lack of thickness it was not surprising) - I was disappointed with the taste - even though the sauce was tasty the steak itself wasn't what I am used to these days.. - thanks to  "Kyloe" &  "STEAK." my standards have creeped up..- But even without those amended standards I would have found to be of low quality. The onion rings were very good, but the mushroom and tomato-half was meh.. In all it was a pub meal, and if served in a pub I would have found it fitting and may have given it an extra star.   The men's toilets were 3 flights down right beside the kitchen. They were clean but oddly located, as on entering I was able to look into the kitchen.  The bill stated a full bottle of wine - which again we had to ask to be amended.   I have had better experiences, not a place I go back to in a hurry.
Great lunch. I had the Cullen skink and ham sandwich. Both were excellent. I would highly recommend this for lunch.
Yes, the old site of Seadogs, with two dogs still standing watch near the stairs.. how I miss your mushy peas goodness... anyhow..  Rosehip - Good, honest food. Had an itison voucher for a couple of steaks and they came out perfectly cooked (one rare, one medium rare). The menu seemed more pub grub than anything else however no complains whatsoever. Nice to note the wedges were actually hand made rather than some -  Service was attentive yet not imposing.
Visited the Rosehip on Sunday night for dinner. The place seemed relatively quiet when we arrived, we were sat by the window (to encourage passers by to enter).  Thankfully the heating was on full blast so this area was very cosy, however as the evening progressed it got busier and the new people were sat at the tables near us.  This would normally be fine, but we felt the tables were pretty close together, now in a confined space and it felt like everyone could listen in to each others conversation.  Became a little to cosy for my liking, especially since there was a large restaurant up the stairs at the back only half full.   We ordered burgers.  They arrived with nice big homemade wedges, coleslaw and the chicken burgers were big and all very filling.  All yummy but the white burger buns were a bit cheap tasting.  A seeded roll or more sturdy roll would have been better, the burger fell away from the hands and it was a bit messy.    Personally prefer the Sea Dogs restaurant, who used to be sited here - gutted it closed!  Rosehip is trying and to gastro pub and restaurant dining, but I think they should stick to one or the other.
We were seated quickly in the upstairs area. The staff were friendly and gave us a table despite not having booked.  The waiter then disappeared and forgot to take our order until we had to catch another waitress to take our drinks and food order. About 10 minutes later only half our drink order arrived and still no food. We had to catch the waitress again to find the missing drinks and still no sign of food, so we just settled the bill and left. The service was slow and the staff seemed to forget quickly which tables they were serving.  That being said the cocktails we ordered were tasty and well made... When they eventually arrived! But we did leave hungry. 3/5
Having recently opened on the premises of the late lamented Seadogs, The Rosehip is ploughing a different furrow from its predecessor. With more of a pubby feel, they offered much cheapness at lunchtime, with main course menu options (steak pie, fish and chips, spag bol, kedgeree) from 3.50.  Overall, we said: "my advice would be to approach the Rosehip with an open mind, and don't go with the "will it be as good as Seadogs?" idea in your head. The bottom line is that it isn't, but equally I don't think it's trying to be. 3.50 for a decent plate of comfort food, slap-bang in the city centre is a very tempting lunchtime offer. So next time you're passing, and you're feeling pangs of hunger, pop in to the Rosehip and sample the reasonably priced grub, and see how you find it."
From the makers of Sofi's, Boda Bar and Joseph Pearce... Sweden proudly brings to you (drum roll).... Hemma!!  Okay so the sign needs some work, but this new incarnation of the Tun's bar levels  is definitely worth a look. And I imagine my dukedom of Holyrood 9A might be in danger with Hemma opening no more than 40 yards from my work...!  Layout is identical to the old Tun, but the Swedish gurus behind this infamous chain have added their homely touches to the place. Rugs and teapots have been introduced alongside vintage sofas and fabric light shades. In honesty though, it's comfortable, but it's like putting an old antique wardrobe in the middle of Cargo Bar...! Doesn't quite look right in this modern building.  Prices are a bit steep for the out-of-the-way location (3.70 for a Jack and coke) but I do appreciate the free prosecco and canaps they provided for their official opening night. Boiled eggs with caviar and anchovies. Stinky yet tasty!  For me the decision to shun 9A now depends on the menu. Watch this space...
Finally something has gone into the building where The Tun used to be and what could be better than a Swedish themed bar who's sister bars include Boda, Victoria, Sofi's and Joseph Pearce?    This has to be a winner if their other bars are anything to go by.  This bar is huge with two floors so lots of space and seats dotted about the place.  They even have tables and chairs on fake grass outside so you can enjoy the Scottish summer days.    The staff are SO friendly and really attentive, regularly making sure that you're OK and enjoying yourself.  The owner seems to live there at the moment and is always doing the rounds, chatting to the clientele.    Instead of copying their competitors by offering pizzas, burgers, etc they have decided to branch out on another side of the market.  Their menus are full of sharing platters, salads, and freshly made sandwiches.  Between 5 - 8 the meals are quite a bargain.    A pleasant little spot away from the hustle and bustle of the city centre.
Hemma means 'home'; homely is definitely a word to describe all the other Boda bars (Boda Bar, Victoria, Joseph Pearce and Sofi's). The four other Boda Bars are all in the Leith Walk area. Hemma is in a different area of town, and in a very different building. And I know it's weird that a building should affect a bar's success so much, but it does.  Glancing over the other reviews and comments, I have to say I agree. Boda Bars are known for their quirky, homely, comfy, worn-around-the-edges but comfortable, ecclectic and very Swedish influences. Fairy lights, throws, different coloured cushions, photos behind the bar. Even Joseph Pearce with it's tall ceilings feel small and cosy.   But Hemma is a new building, with carpets, and glass, and metal and then all the Boda Bar furniture and quirks added on top. I like to think that it is just going to take time for it to feel as homely as the others. But it doesn't. It feels a little odd. Downstairs, in pockets, can feel cosy. But it has that feel of a Cinema foyer, or something similar.  The drinks (the Swedish ciders, different beers etc.), the food (delicious Swedish influence, scrambled egg for brunch, and the like) and the staff (super friendly) are all still great. Which is why it pains me a little to give it 3 stars as they really do have all the same elements as the other Boda Bars, but the space just doesn't quite gel with it all.  As I said, i hope as it settles and gets a little worn in it will, then, feel worn in. I'll definitely be heading here to make use of their wifi and have a tasty lunch of scrambled eggs. I could actually see it becoming a local of mine. I was delighted to hear a Boda bar was opening closer to me. Hopefully over time, photos will appear, more furniture will appear, and it'll get that same friendly, warm vibe as the other Bodas.
I like the raspberry cocktail-it was pretty good. The basil one was a bit weird though (tasted like cold soup)...
So I came back. And I tried the food. And I haven't left. I'm still here, sitting at one of the big tables in the comfy chairs, listening to some awesome tunes, in a mini food-coma after my delicious lunch, making use of their free wifi, and just generally feeling very content and more happy than normal for a Tuesday afternoon.  I first came here when Hemma first opened. And all the comments others have made did hold true. It's an odd location, wasn't as 'homely' and lived-in as the other Boda bars and still settling into itself. But give it a few months, and settle it certainly has.  The space is still much, much bigger than the other Boda bars. So it's not exactly going to feel 'cosy'. But given the two storeys, the huge windows, and airy space they've made it as homely as anyone could. Big comfy sofas, quirky touches like a step-ladder covered in fairy lights with the daily papers, a foos-ball table up the back, a children's area with coloured in sketches on the wall, old 1960's style photo frames pasted on the windows (the kind that let the light in). That's the thing that is wonderful about Boda bars - they are hand-made, personalised and really reflect the Swedish owners personality. And what wonderful personalites they must have.  To the lunch itself. TOO GOOD. I went for the open sandwich (still can't remember how to spell it or pronounce it) with smoked haddock. Oh my what a portion. I was stuffed. And Joe A went for the all-day breakfast option of scrambled egg with mushrooms, tomatoes and also smoked haddock. Both were finished, plates spotless. There's also a great selection of salads, that apparently just as big, and other sandwich and breakfast options, with a daily changing soup and quiche. The food is home-made, excellent quality, rustic and hearty and very Swedish.  There's also a delicious sounding cocktail menu like the Hansson & Karlsson (named in honour of the legendary Swedish prog-jazz visionaries) with Absolut Pear, St Germain elderflower liquer and vermouth.) (Yes I just did quote that from the menu). So the promised cocktail menu from my first visit has arrived, but given it's 3pm I won't be trying it just yet.  Which only means one thing. I'll need to come back to try them, obviously. And also come back to try more of the breakfast options. And lunch options. And just generally enjoy the vibe, the friendly atmosphere, comfy couches, free wifi and great crowd quite often methinks.  It is out of my way, but it's worth the trip. I think my repeat visits will be testament to that. If I've gone AWOL from my usual spots, you'll probably find me here...
There's not ONLY one selling point to Hemma, but in my mind there's only one you need to know.   THEY. SELL. SALAD.  And not parmesan and rocket salad.  And not pasta that has bacon and mayo in it.   Real. Giant. Leafy green. I don't feel fat today. SALAD.   And they have goat cheese on them, or some fish, or some weird swedish thing... but they HAVE SALADS!!! This is the HOLY GRAIL of salad in Edinburgh.
I struggled over giving Hemma 3 or 4 stars....... so I would prefer to say this place is a 3.5.  Not because this place isn't good!? They have a decent selection of beer on tap, cocktails were of a good standard and the food is totally delish!! The Food. Seriously. Huuuuge yummy salads. I had roasted butternut squash, blue cheese, chorizo and pine nut salad. And is was maahoooosive and utterly tasty. BUT Hemma is just so lacking any of the character that is typical of the Boda Bars. It's not cosy or welcoming like Sofi's or Joseph Pearce!? It's quite air-y, contemporary and spacious but not in a way that makes me want to spend the whole night snuggled up in here. They do however have a few seats outside which is a bonus for the few sunny days we get.  So I would go here to eat and not hang about. It just missing that certain Je Ne Sais Quoi.
My rating of Hemma has been creeping upwards on each return visit. The first time it was new, it was a big space that was quite empty and I could see glimmers of the Boda-bar style coming through. The second, I was impressed by the food and there were more decorations. And on my last return I was really, really happy with it all.  It is a really big space, and I dare anyone to try and make this feel 'homely'. But that's what Hemma have done. Hemma means 'home' in Swedish and they do strive to make you feel at home. There are some comfy couches, tables that look like they're out of grandma's cottage, photos on the windows, a 'cupcake decorating' station, a kid's corner. Super friendly staff.  And great food. Oohhh baby, that Hemma brunch with scrambled eggs and smoked trout, mushrooms and tomatoes on thick bloomer bread. That'll do nicely. I want to go back and try the smograsboard sharing. And the meatfeast or whatever it was. THe food alone gets 5 stars.  And they had a MOTHERFLIPPIN' Bill Murray exhibition. Any bar that's savvy enough to have a Bill Murray exhibition is worthy of 5 stars in my eyes.  ANd then a wee tips jar at the bar with a picture of Tom Hanks and the words "T. Hanks" put beside it.  I love wee quirks like that.  Also, they have free wifi and it WORKS. It worked for a whole 3 hours when I was there. This is a better track record than almost every other wifi providing caf I've been to in Edinburgh.  I can see myself coming back here frequently. It's not exactly convenient for me, but I'd happily go out my way to get here it's that good.
i probably would never have known that Hemma existed if it wasn't suggested for our brunch destinantion on Saturday.  i literally never go to this part of town (except that misguided notion that i could 'totally' run up queens drive when i still thought that i could be a hardcore runner) so probably would have never known this place existed.    as per usual, i'd had a quick look over the menu before going but was totally torn about what i wanted when i arrived yesterday.  everything sounded amazing.  they had breakfast rolls or full breakfast, a list of delicious salads, sharing platters, swedish open faced sandwiches, and a menu section devouted to complete meatiness.  the debate between a salad, an open faced sandwich, or a breakfast ensued, but following my brunching companion's suggestion i went for the scrambled eggs on toast and added a portion of sausage.  while waiting for our food to arrive, i had a quick look around the place.  it's very cool in that it's a very very modern building but they are trying very hard to make it a cosy place like their other lovely establishments (boda bar, victoria, sofi's, and joseph pearce).  i would say it's modernly cosy.  a big open space completely surrounded by windows but with lots of shabby chic touches and fairy lights.  i quite liked it and would definitely enjoy spending a pleasant afternoon sitting on one of the sofas near the entrance looking out at the majestic surroundings of holyrood park while trying one of their cakes.  onto the food!  the plates arrived and the portions were very generous!  lovely creamy scrambled eggs on top of a massive piece of toast, like half the size of the plate massive.  on the side were roasted tomatoes and mushrooms that added a nice 'healthy' accompainment to the dish.  my portion of sausages sat on top of the eggs and toast to make it look like a big open faced breakfast sandwich.  despite the big portion, this breakfast was so tasty that i very happily ate the whole scrummy lot.    a side note, one of my pet peeves is restaurants that serve dry overcooked scrambled eggs!  it just ruins the whole meal, but i can assure you that the eggs at Hemma were nicely seasoned and creamy and not a bit dry.  overall i was very impressed with Hemma and am keen to go back to try some of their other menu items.  i saw a portion of the hassleback potatoes being served when i was getting ready to go and they looked absolutely delicious!  think that will be the first thing i order on my next visit, which i hope will be soon!!
Delighted this venue has not just reopened but been turned into a comfortable, friendly with scrummy food and drinks. Have only enjoyed a pitstop here, but the salad was massive and really tasty and I could have quite happily stayed seated in their comfy soafas til Sunday brunch rolled around. And that was on a Friday! Already looking forward to coming back.
Odd. I had exactly the same meal as Robyn, while sitting next to her, and I loved mine and have been telling everyone they must go there!   I loved my salad. I think with the strong, oily smoked fish and the potatoes in creme fraiche, it would have been too much to have dressing on the leaves as well. And the egg... well, it was just what I expected, two lovely soft-boiled half pieces of egg! And green breans and ... man, I could eat it all again right now.   Hemma is bright and sunny and much more of a 'day' place that the other Swedish bars, I think -- it'd be interesting to see what it's like at night. They do a good bloody mary, too!
oh hemma, you've saddened me today.  i was so very much looking froward to trying your more lunchish selections but alas i was left with a very luke warm impression wishing i had just gone for the scrambled eggs on toast option again.  i was very excited when i saw the yelp brunch here and immeditately added myself to the attendees.  last time i'd tried hemma with Jenny L. i was very impressed with the brunch items and couldn't wait to get a chance to go back and try one of their enormous salads or tasty sounding open faced sandwiches.    my visit started out very well with the lovely waitress placing my glass of water in front of me calling me sunshine while i waited for the rest of the yelpy group to arrive.  the menu selections all sounded delicious and after thorough debate i opted for the smoked trout and dill potato salad (with egg, capers, and green beans).  it sounded delicious and i was super excited to try it!!  after a long wait (well it seemed like one, i was starving!!!) the plates of food started to arrive and my salad looked just as good as i expected it to.  waiting patiently for all the other yelpers to get their dishes i took pictures of my salad and had some particular food envy over Owen C.'s enormous french toast!!  when almost all the food arrived, one scrambled eggs on toast with smoked trout was forgotten (poor Shona F, but her item was taken off the bill so free brunch!) we decided it was time to dig in.  here alas came the disappointment.... the smoked trout was very tasty, but the potato salad was pretty standard and a bit bland, the egg on the salad was literally one egg atop a massive pile of lettuce and capers, and the lettuce clearly had not been drained or dried well as i found the salad to be rather watery with no real dressing on it.  so disappointed...  the hassleback potatoes i shared were quite good though, but then the latte after the meal was luke warm at best, more like cold and they had added almond syrup into it (i think my order got mixed up with someone else's) and since i didn't know that i added sugar and couldn't even drink it because it was so sweet.  also the lack of warmth in the coffee made it just so awful especially after the amazing coffees i had at Artisan Roast at the espresso masterclass event.  so Hemma, you've lost a star from me and i don't think i will be coming back soon.  i already found your location at the bottom of holyrood road a bit irritating to get to, but then your food was so disappointing that i just can't be bothered to make the trip.  so saddened by this as there were so many other options on the menu i wanted to try but now fear they will all be as tasteless and watery as my salad was today.
I love a good Saturday or Sunday brunch so I was excited to check this spot out when Jenny L. organised a Yelp brunch event.  I checked out the menu online and it looked pretty good.  I was starving by the time I met everyone and quickly enjoy my americano.  I like how they put cucumbers in the water opposed to lemons or limes.  I think it's much more refreshing this way.    We were a pretty big group -12 or 13 people so I knew our order was going to take a while.  I opted for the 'Hemma Brunch' and added smoked trout.  As everyone received their meals I sat anxiously waiting. In my mind I kept hoping that they didn't forget my order but unfortunately they did! However, it was not the end of the world.  The server said it would be a few more minutes and said he would take my meal off the bill.  It was a sunny day and I was with great company so there could have been worse things! The server was correct, a few minutes later I was chowing down on my meal like everyone else.   My brunch consisted of a huge (half the size of a plate) slice of olive bread with creamy + buttery scrambled eggs, smoked trout, button mushrooms and cherry tomatoes. It was really big. I had doubts that I wouldn't be able to finish it but I persevered. (Note: When I doubt that I am going to finish something it must be huge - I can eat a lot!) It was great. I'm also not a huge tomato fan but I can say they were very sweet. The salads that various other people ordered at the table were ginormous and looked really healthy. I'd definitely want to try them out next time.   I think the location is great for a late lunch after climbing Arthur's Seat or I'd recommend this play to tourists after checking out Parliament or Holyrood Palace.  I'll be back to try other things on the menu (the ribs!!!)
Out of the way - but well worth the visit. Good selection of beers and 2 floors of great atmosphere. I love the food and the salads are indeed the best you can get - Well done to Steph (the Food / Kitchen Manager) I love coming here by myself and with Friends. There is always someone I meet that I know. The bar staff is very friendly and helpful. The place is big, HUGE even in comparison with Boda, Sofi's, Victoria & JP's (in order of size) - this is a bar that can host many local, area and yes, (inter-) national events and they do. Knitting, baking, jogging, tastings and disco's (or should I say clubbing) Swedish Mafia stylee :o)  I like it and only wished it was closer to town..
Get the scrambled eggs on thick, chunky toast with smoked trout. Eat it all. Then sit back and enjoy your food baby. Don't eat for the rest of the day. Be happy.  After a Yelp Brunchy Munchy here with 15 Yelpers, there were mixed reviews on the food. A few folk werent happy with their salads. I had the blue cheese, chorizo and roasted butternut squash salad and it was really, really good. And as Steph D says in her review, you get PROPER salads here. Huge bowls. They're MASSIVE. Even the salad left me full all day.  But what I know that I consistently LOVE when I come here, and that everyone else has loved too, is the scrambled egg with smoked trout. I was here for lunch recently, and even though I don't stop by here very often, it's become one of those places that has a 'favourite dish' and I end up looking forward to that favourite dish for a good few days before I have it. And it's always as good as I imagined.  Creamy scrambled eggs. Smoked trout. I mean, where else do you find smoked trout for breakfast / lunch?! It's not that common here in the Burgh. And the portion is HUGE. Add to the side some mushrooms and tomatoes and it's yummmm.  It's a little out the way, and the coffee isn't great. Also the last time I went the staff were a bit uninterested and didn't smile at me once, even though I smiled several times. They weren't rude - just they literally did not lift the corners of their mouth and looked bored. This made me sad.  Either way, I'll be coming back here and when I do it'll be for the scrambled egg and trout.  I guarantee you wont be disappointed if you do the same.
I'm Swedish and was excited to 'go home' and enjoy my culture but I didn't really feel 'hemma' at all, except from the good company.   The menu wasn't very Swedish at all and rather dull from what I expected, though I suppose they don't aim to give a taste of Sweden at Hemma. I had the Scottish breakfast that was ok but nothing to jump around for.   The interior is very airy and open with large windows facing the streets, but I think they should make the place more cosier and intimate to make hemma come true.
It was like visiting an old friend. All hello's and waves. We were promptly served and our food orders taken as we sat down to chat. Yes even though busy and buzzing you can still chat. Our huge burgers arrived soon after ordering and my friend had to admit defeat on trying to eat it with his hands. Unbeknown to me (and him) his gob wasn't that big! Hand made and pinkish in the middle, oh and BIG. Served with nice things fries and a lovely salad (someone mentioned salad before?-Jenny?) good grub and great way of spending time with friends!
Really loud music... Sam Adams is a big plus... Staff was unfriendly.
it's been many months since the rather disappointing salad i had at Hemma during a yelp brunch.  last night saw me wandering back through the doors though for the inaugural meeting of the yelp knitting group.  i admit i didn't have high expectations for hemma last night, but i was so impressed my immediate thought was to go home and update my review.  however, my new found skill for knitting had me completing two more rows on my scarf so the review had to wait til this morning.  hemma, you so got it right last night!  to start with your wait staff could not have been nicer or friendlier!!  i mean this was towards the end of the day for them, but they were sunny, bright, friendly, and helpful.  even though we mostly ordered tea and took up an entire corner with our knitting lesson.  they attentively served us but then left us to get on with the knitting only coming over to clear plates and cups aways as necessary.  and your food!  i got a smaller version of your greek mezze plater (which was kind of the kitchen to alter this for one person) and it was awesome!  it was also still huge with lots of tasty food, a wee bit too much for me to finish.  there was grilled courgettes and aubergines and a red pepper stuffed with tasty rice, and tzaziki sauce, and big slices of fresh bread, and olives over salad, and grilled haluomi cheese!  it was awesome and so good and i tried hard to eat all the delicious, but sadly there was just too much.  and lastly the vibe.  chilled out music, lots of people chatting over drinks, and just such a cosy feel.  we were there for three hours but time just flew by with such a lovely atmosphere that really helped make our knitting circle cosy and happy.  so i'm definitely a hemma fan again!  i may still avoid their salads, but everything else is definitely worthy of another star:)
I have visited this bar twice now over the past 2 weeks and completely love it. Although it is slightly out of the way a bit for me, it is completely worth it.   The bar is a great size, so perfect for large group meetups and has a function room upstairs to. Although it is big and from the outside quite industrial, it is lovely and cozy inside due to its mismatched wooden furniture, snuggly sofas and fairy lights everywhere.   They have a great selection of cocktails too, although it would take a few visits to work your way through them all! Although I didn't have any food either time, it all looked and smelled delicious with a great selection, so I will be back to try soon. Staff were really friendly too and very helpful.  A great find.
I've been visiting Hemma since it's early days. From a mid-morning brunch of the scrambled egg on trout (see my previous reviews) to an evening drink. In the early days, it didn't quite feel as 'homely' as the Swedish word 'Hemma' would imply.  But give it time, and it's settled into itself beautifully. A few previous reviews and criticisms were that the physical building isn't homely at all. It's a huge structure of glass, metal and white-painted metal pillars.   But what have Hemma done? They've covered the pillars in different types of material and wallpaper - beautiful blue wallpaper with pink flowers, red materials. They've put in couches, and drapes, and coloured lamps. There's fairy lights. Slowly but surely the heart and soul of Hemma, a colourful, homely, chilled vibe, has seeped through the solid, soulless structure of a building, and injected it with beautiful life.  Most recently I was here on a Wednesday evening with the Yelp Stitch n Bitch group. I couldnt think of a more perfect setting. With a wee selection of couches, sitting amidst some plants and lamps and fairy lights, we were taught how to knit. It felt like someone's beautiful living room, with some awesome tunes (in the time we were there, there was Balkan Punk, a jazz version of Rocky, and some sexy mood music). The food that people ordered was amazing - the trout salad, the Greek Mezze board. And even the brownie, whilst not quite tasting like a brownie, was nice.  The staff were really friendly and welcoming. A little slow at times, and at times also forgetful, they were so nice and the atmosphere so laid back, it was easily forgiven.  I hope we keep coming back here for our Knitting Group. It really was the perfect place mid-week. I also hope I can come here on a Sunday evening for some cocktails and food, just to chill out. It is out of the way, and it's not somewhere you'd walk by, and post-work Friday night I imagine it'll be full of work-folks due to the nearby work buildings - but over the last 6 months Hemma has gone from a cool new bar to feeling like home.
I was very happy to finally get a chance to visit Hemma for a henny lunch recently.    As other reviewers have said - it's a bit airy space and, despite the horrific weather that day, felt quite cozy.    Staff were lovely - chatty and attentive- the coffees we had were good and cocktails were *incredibly* good.    The food is what let it down for me.  I had a chicken and bacon club which had huge chunks of chicken that was so over cooked it was hard to bite through, and bacon that was so fatty I needed to deconstruct the sandwich to pull out most of the fat/bacon.  The herby fries were brilliant, though.  Some of my friends ordered salads which were huge, but from what I saw looked mostly like *lots* of lettuce and not a lot else.  The flip side is that the food is really reasonably priced.  I also liked how family friendly it is here - I believe they had a microwave in the corner for mums to be able to heat up food for their kids.  I think that's great because kids can be picky and I'm sure it's much easier to just be able to bring your own food than hope the restaurant can prepare something they'll like.    So I would definitely come back and drink more mojitos and eat more herby fries, but would view the rest of the menu with caution.
I really like this bar. I love the food, the ambiance is great, and they've been wonderful hosts to two Yelp Knitting Groups.  The last time I was in I had the meatball sub, but instead of a sub I asked for fries. Not a problem. And then what showed up was the biggest plate of food I've ever seen. 6, or was it 7 meatballs, huge serving of fries, and an abundant salad.  I've read a few reviews recently where folk haven't been as impressed with their food and I'm not sure why? Maybe they got it on dud days? This makes me sad if so.  The only thing that has happened recently is a few occasions of fairly lax service. I like laid back, and totally know what it's like to be running around mad, missed your break, or working beyond your shift. But at one point I was standing at the bar whilst the (I believe) manager was playing foosball with a mate, the girl was putting candles on the tables,a nd one guy was pouring a wine order but didn't ask to take mine or get someone else to whilst I was standing right in front of him. I get the feeling they were stressed, and were friendly enough when I then asked, outright, "Could I order some food and drinks please?" But later that night a few other members of staff were quite short with us. Overall not quite as friendly as I remember it last time.  But for food and drinks in a comfy environment, it's great.
Hemma is the home of the Yelp knitting club, Stitch n Bitch, and what a fitting home it is. The cosy, comfy seats and sofas are perfect to sit back, drink tea or wine and knit the night away.  I haven't eaten here yet but the food I've seen looks amazing. Oh I tell a lie, I did eat some cashew nuts there last night and they were pretty tasty.  The staff that I have spoken to have been lovely, really friendly, chilled out and helpful.  The icing on the Hemma cake is the chilled out atmosphere. It is a lovely environment to relax in. I particularly like the decorative step ladder wrapped in fairy lights!
Before we started coming here for our knitting group I actually had no idea this place existed. Last time I had a meeting in the Ton building this place was an empty venue. I'm so glad to see the space used again in such a unique way.   Hemma, like it's sister bars Sofi's, Boda and Joseph Pearce, has a bit of Swedish glam to the place. Cool european beats and a chilled out atmosphere make the place relaxing even when the music is actually kind of loud. For what is a heavily industrial space Hemma manage to make the room feel cosy and inviting. I think this may be the comfy chairs and abundance of fairy lights. You can never have too many fairy lights in my opinion.  I've never eaten proper food here, just tea and cake so far, but the menu looks appealing. I just wish the meze style platters were smaller. FYI I don't want to share my food...it's mine. The cakes are homemade and change daily but the chocolate banana cake has been my favourite so far.   These guys are good enough to let 12 Yelpers invade their bar with knitting needles and yarn once a month so I'm inclined to overlook some of the niggles. The inconsistent service mainly. The staff on the whole are lovely but sometimes you get the feeling they have more important things to be doing than taking your order. Everyone has off days though so I'm willing to overlook it. We're going to be going to Hemma a lot of the next year so I'll update my review later if they can bump up that to that extra star.
I have never been this far down this street before although have been to this end of town via the Canongate. Wow, I felt like I had been missing out when I first walked into Hemma. I immediately became attached to the place: helped by the relaxed vibe, cool music and cosiness. I kept looking around expecting to see an area with rugs, cushions and shisha but it's not that sort of place.   After a waitress got over her initial surprised reaction when I said I wanted to order food (I have no idea what happened there), another quickly appeared to take my order and I don't even think I had to wait 10 minutes for my butternut squash and blue cheese salad to be placed in front of me. It was massive and really good! I was actually quite surprised to see such healthy options on the menu after expecting typical grub of burgers, chips and the likes. My sweet tooth couldn't resist the home baking on offer so I had banana cake with a chocolate icing topping - really moist and flavoursome, yum! When it came to paying, I think I had been served by 3 different people throughout the night and was impressed that my bill was ready when I went to the bar and didn't have to figure out who had what - given the service at the start of the evening.   It was good of the staff to keep our table cleared throughout the night - they didn't seem bothered by the balls of wool everywhere and I barely noticed them when they were there as I was too absorbed in my knitting (not being rude). I really got into the music that was playing so asked the bar dude what was playing and he kindly wrote it down for me.  I'm looking forward to my next Yelp Stitch and Bitch night here. I like Hemma so much I want to knit it a hat!
Went in recently with some friends and my little boy as I have been bursting to try this place as I was always a regular at Victoria and Boda but hadnt managed to make the very short trek to Hemma! First of all I have to say the service was impeccable a warm welcome and prompt drinks service.  I love the decor its cool but relaxed and theres plenty of room which was a shock because if youve been to Victoria, Sofis or Boda they are quite small and a little cramped but dont let that put you off they are still fab! A brilliant menu my husband had the burger which was immense! I had the most amazing sweet potato, asparagus, feta and cant remember what else salad but it was lush and huge the bar guy that served us actually recommended putting chorizo into it which was dare i say it again IMMENSE! i think it was the best salad I have ever eaten amazing!  Drinks were prompt, food was prompt, service was more than helpful - the people I were with were a little fussy but everything was perfect when it came to the table.  Loads of room and a great place to take children and they even have table football! Im sold !
This is a cute little swedish bar is tucked just around the corner from Arthur's seat. It's perfect for a lunch stop before or after your climb to one of Edinburgh's most iconic landmarks.  They host a range of clubs from books to knitting so it's a perfect little place to chill for an hour or two.   I visited on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and ordered a veggie platter. The food was really tasty! So was the beer...! Stuffed peppers, bread, oils and humous, just what one needs before tackling the rest of the day sight seeing.  I can see myself returning again and again to Hemma as it's one of those places where you feel at home the minute you set foot inside.
I love Hemma because it is light, sunny and quirky inside. It also has great outdoor seating that is tucked back from the road.  I first came here for drinks after hiking up Arthur's Seat with a few friends during the day on New Year's Eve. I loved the quirky, vintage-style furniture and the great selection of drinks at this cool Swedish-style bar. They have Blue Moon on tap which made me happy, and also are the only place in Edinburgh that I know of that has Boston-based Sam Adams on tap so it reminds me of home! I also loved that Hemma is surrounded with modern windows and the natural lighting flows in. Others had food and it looked delicious.   I have since been back a few other times. Once, on a Saturday night, I wasn't so thrilled with Hemma because it was really loud. On another weekday night it was much better, though, and really relaxed. I like coming to Hemma best during the day, though, particularly when it is warm and sunny so I can sit outside right by Holyrood Park!
Thas has become my post work hangout since starting work down this way.  From the people that brought you Sophies, Boda etc this is a very chilled placed spaced out over 2 levels. great international beers on tap as well by the bottle its a great place to relax inside or outside.
Nice food, nice staff, nice ambience.  I come here because of a monthly meet up and it's a good place to be.  Because of the time, it's handy to order dinner whilst doing some stitches and having a banter with the rest of the group.  I had a burger with add ons of bacon and blue cheese.  It was good and the bun was good too.  It also came with slaw which was good but difficult to get and stay on the plate and skinny fries.  i asked for mayo on the side and no problem, as it was there in secs.  This is my second trip to Hemma and both times staff have been friendly and food good.  There is no bother settling up you're part of the bill separately either.
What can I say? Hemma is where the heart is, and I think I left mine there!  I read through some of the other reviews here before we plumped for Hemma on the strength of its being so near to my current flat (and I've been meaning to head there for ages) and I was a little tentative since the response seems so mixed.  But all I can talk about personally is the experience that we ourselves had - and that experience was "WOW!" I came here for an impromptu lunch with my parents and all three of us got completely swept off our feet by the loveliness.  Their little manifesto on the front page of the drinks menu sums up the unique feel of this place; it's cheery, quirky, it's friendly and good-natured, and I love it.  The food is fab value at just under a tenner for a decent main, and especially for the giant portions we got. I ordered the spaghetti with garlic chicken (8.50) and the mountain of deliciousness that arrived was almost too much for me to finish, but equally, too good to leave. My parents were both equally thrilled with their meals - club sandwich for Dad, beef burger for Mum - and having nicked a couple of their seasoned fries, I can see why. I don't think I've ever encountered those fries' equal.  Despite the somewhat intimidating and angular exterior, the decor within is homely enough to easily justify the name "Hemma", being comfy and mismatched, and the windows (which we at first glance had thought were some kind of chic stained-glass mosaic) are actually creatively decorated with slides.  The thing I got most excited about was the awesome drinks menu; every single one of the impressive range of cocktails on offer is not only delicious-sounding but also wittily described, and for the meagre sum of 4, water-voles like me can order a custom mocktail instead. I can't wait to go back and try this one evening.  Yep, they've definitely taken my heart hostage, and I've got full-blown Stockholm syndrome.
I think I'm gonna like it here.  I'd been to Hemma before for drinks, and hadn't thought much of it. It's the early afternoon cosiness or "gezelligheid" as us Dutchies would call it, where it really shines. All you'd need is a fireplace and you're good to go.  The atmosphere is lovely, being equally happy here with a good book or a group of friends, and you don't feel rushed. The food was the real surprise for me. I didn't think it'd be as good as it was, and it really was damn delicious. I had a salad in which the green beans were so crunchy they damned near jumped off the plate, and my girl-dates were happily munching away on their piri piri chicken and croque monsieur, both of which looked gorgeous.  I was surprised, I don't know why, I think because I've come to accept below-standard fare, but I really, really, enjoyed the food here. From now on, this is going to be a steady hang out for sure!
Hemma means 'at home' in Swedish, however I'm not sure they have really pulled that one off at this establishment!  Maybe it's just the wrong name for the bar, but I don't feel homely and cosy here, with it's vast windows and cold finishes.  I've yet to warm to Hemma, like others have mentioned here, it doesn't have the same cute and snug feel as the others: Sofie's, Boda, Victoria and JP's.  Sure, there's the old country kitchen style table and chairs, but the open space feels cold and slightly souless.   Environment aside, the staff are super attentive.  They do brunch, lunch, buffet, smrgsbord platters, dinners and cakes, I've not tried the food, so can not comment. There's 12 draughts on tap and a fine cocktail list.  They have lots of events eg networking meetings, promotional events, Vintage pop up shops, of course there's the Yelp knitting night and even a Commando training group called "Do it Commando"! The mezzanine level takes up to 130 people and so could be a great place for party.
Really like the vibe of this place. I know it's big & airy (& at this time of year -draughty) but it's quirky and well, cool. The staff are chatty and helpful, there's a great selection of beers, ciders & spirits & the food is good too.  On my last visit I tried the pea & spinach soup as it was recommended by Blythe. I'm glad I did. It was a delish way to pack in some of my five-a-day & the fresh dill through it gave it an interesting Scandi twist.  The portions are very generous & there was a side of lovely fresh bread & butter.  The upstairs has a cosier feel than the downstairs.  There's even baskets of kids toys to keep the little (& large) kids entertained.
New Years Ever 2013. We reserved a space on the top floor.  This so we could play games and generally ring in the new year a little more.. eh quieter. We did expect it to be busier (we arrived at 9pm) which later indeed was the case. As the upstairs bar was closed we were kindly served with a wonderful (wigged) member of staff. She had made it her goal to ensure we were supplied with everything that we wanted.  She dutifully supplied us with G&Ts, beers, water, prosecco, snacks and double jacks and coke. She was amazing!   The music was in the background and not overwhelming. We had a pleasant and comfortable stay at Hemma!   The bells rang out for NYE to end - we went outside and view the higher parts of the fireworks. Then swiftly back in again for more drinks and snacks.  It was a gentle affair even so we didn't leave until well after 2 am!   I was very impressed with the service, the selection of drinks available and the comfort of (most) the chairs and sofas.
I've had a proper wee swither over this star rating. I'd say really a 3.5, but it's not quite hitting the 4 spot for me at the moment!  I visited here a long while ago with a friend on a nice sunny day when it was pretty quiet and had the most amazing scrambled eggs (not hard to go wrong there, but really good ones are rare!) and enjoyed it, though there wasn't all that much of any kind of ambiance so it didn't hit  me with any memorable ''I must come back here'' response. Anyway.  I visited here again due to proximity a week or so back with my boss after we'd been to a meeting nearby.   The overall verdict is that the food is pretty nice (I opted for a salad this time round, it was delicious!) but the company is what's gonna make your visit to Hemma cause the ambiance is still fairly M.I.A. It's like a very nice clean white canvas to paint your own stuff on really. I basically ate my salad in silence other than speaking to the waitress (who was lovely by the way)  given that my boss is not the greatest conversationalist and that there was nothing else really going on. And sadly there was no cocktail for me this time, but I can report with confidence that the coffee is a spiffing good cup of java!   Not at all bad, but lacking that little bit of sum'in to make it great as yet!
Originally part of the massive development near Holyrood anticipating the opening of the Scottish Parliament, the original occupants of this space struggled to get enough custom and eventually closed down. A great big glass edifice far from the main drag doesn't seem a likely spot for the latest offering from the Boda family of very Leith-based pubs, but Hemma (Swedish for 'home') really works it. And being a large modern space it manages to escape the biggest flaw its siblings suffer, being too small; this place is huge.  If you've been to any of the others - Boda, Sofi's Bar, Victoria and Joseph Pearce's - then you know what to expect. A hint of kitch, never enough to be intrusive, with almost too-cool staff serving better than average selection of tipples. Hemma also has a wide range of food on offer, a similar menu to that in Joseph Pearce's, with a Swedish twist on normal bar food.   The setting is cozy, a bland development with just enough personalisation to make it friendly. Being all glass there are often interesting views, whether it's the back of Arthurs Seat, Parliament staff heading for lunch or drunken Friday night visitors to the Pizza Express next door. The bar is on two levels; the upstairs, bookable for events or private parties, has provided me with many evenings of great entertainment.  The only problem for me that prevents it from becoming a regular haunt is that, despite being very close to many things, its location makes it feel out of the way and so I never think of going there spontaneously. When I do I'm always glad I did.
Came here for the first time for Scran Salon as its not really local for me. Although Hemma means home in Swedish, it didn't give me that vibe, despite the floral chairs on the upstair mezzanine area.   It is all glass and open, hence not feeling cozy and although we were here for a private event, the noise downstairs travels up so it made hearing people speak a bit awkward.   So why 4 stars? I had sampled the food and it was great. This was provided as part of the event and was very scandi - salmon, trout, potato salad, veggies with dill, breads and more and it was lovely. Being gluten free, some options were off limits but the trout, meats and cheese were lovely. I only picked at a couple of things as I had eaten before I arrived but what I had was very good.   So Hemma isn't very local for me but I will be visiting again and if I have the munchies, I would be happy to eat here.
If there was an award for a feel-good category given to cafs/restaurants it should be called "Hemma"   It feels weird to give full five stars to a place but I'd lie if I didn't.  Hemma sticks to it's promise (Swedish for "home") and offers you a comfort-zone. Whether you want to come for coffee, a snack, lunch or dinner, or just chill out with a book - you are welcome.  The staff are witty, friendly and make you feel like you matter. The music is just the right volume to be heard but not interfering with your conversation. To me and my friends it has become our living room despite the fact that it is bait off-centre. We tend to spend hours there while the quiet caf slowly turns into a vibrant restaurants towards the evening, studying or chatting while we are taking a culinary walk through their menu - and we are never disappointed.   They make the unofficial best carrot cake in town, by the way. Portions are very generous and you don't feel like you are paying too much for your food.  Ok, Hemma is not the most central spot but it is more than worth the walk down Holyrood Road!
Had to wait for ages for just a tea and cake. Tea arrived, but the cake came a long time after. It apparently were in the oven, which made it hot and nice. I however think they should have told me I would have to wait half an hour for the cake. The rhubarb crumble didn't taste so good. The rhubarb didn't shine and the crumble was gooey.
Wow. What a difference.   This pub, in my opinion, used to be a raggedy, dirty, scary, oldman pub, with a constant screening of footy and rugby. This week, I have seen with my very own eyes that this place has transformed.   The beers on tap are fab, the bar is spacious, the seating is cool, and the place feels airy. They have beautiful light colours around the rooms with posh hard wood floors. The seating is interesting too, with old school chairs used at the tables. Oh! and the music playlist is really good!  There are all sorts of quirky/cool designs around the bar. For instance, I love the doors to the bathrooms, they look like front doors with glossy bold colours, and unique knockers. PLUS the bathrooms are WARM and CLEAN and have those thick disposible paper towels that feel really nice. How posh.   The menu also looked good and smelt nice. The prices are average, about 7-12 pounds for a main, but it seems as though the quality is very good. I will have to try soon.   Recommend to check this place out before or after a movie date at the cinema across the road.
The Fountain is a different bar to the previous incarnation. Once the home of lager drinking, pool playing, football fans and older men with little better to do The Fountain has had a facelift. The tvs and pool table are gone, replaced with space to dine (the menu features the pub classics, with prices on the mid to upper point for a bar menu) this place really is a case of out with the old and in with the new.  However it isn't there yet, to dissuade the former regulars The Fountain isn't cheap, but that also limits the appeal to the student crowd. It is in a prime location, right opposite the fountain park complex yet I'm not sure how much it will benefit from this and you still likely won't want to sit outside for long (even in the rare scottish sun) as the seating is beside a main road.  The beer I had was fine and there is a decent selection of spirits, yet I'm just not sure I would want to make The Fountain my regular. In the drive to separate the bar from the previous pub incarnation, it feels hollow which is a shame because that is more or less exactly how I feel about its closest competition. Where? The Caley Sample Room, in fact I could likely have done this in a single line. If you like the Caley then The Fountain will likely appeal as it has a very similar vibe, personally I am a bit indifferent.  So an A-OK from me I will happily return but would be unlikely to make The Fountain my first choice.
One rainy Sunday, when we should have been enjoying some outdoor cinema (but were being too sensible to sit outside in the downpour!), we found ourselves meeting at The Fountain for a girly blether...and what a great spot for such a meet up!  This newish, bright, spacious restaurant / bar had so many lovely, quirky features on the go I spent the first 15 minutes looking all around like a child in a toy shop...  ...the coat hooks were made out of taps, there were door knockers on the bathroom doors, cutlery holders made out of Golden Syrup pots, bathrooms that were delightfully shabby chic (with extremely nice hand wash and lotion), delicious chips served in terracotta flower pots, unusual glass tea cups without handles, a toy box for the kids, chunky wooden tables with mismatched furniture (I love mismatched furniture!), big fireplace up the back and Blue Moon beer on tap!  The staff were chatty, attentive and enthusiastic, the bar had a great selection of beers and wines and the menu looked AMAZING! (if our chips were anything to go by, the food will be delicious!)  We will definitely be back for a girly dinner night, and to raise a glass in a toast to the fabulous newest addition to the Fountain Park area!
Love this place, my new local! Cracking food, staff and vibe! Brilliant addition
I don't want to tell anyone about this place. But I do, because it's wonderful. But I don't, because it's wonderful and I want it to be all mine.  It's no where near close enough to my flat to be a local, but I want it to be my local. Out in Fountainbridge, opposite the cinema complex in a slightly derelict / forlorn part of town the redone Fountain, on its own, has managed to completely reinvigorate the area.  It still has that fresh paint smell. The staff are excited and friendly. The bar is well stocked. The food looks goooooood. They proudly and warmly welcome children and dogs. (The latter of which I saw, the former none.) They do Sunday dinners, they do gastropub food, they have lots of different beers including Glasgow Brewery West, loads of different spirits.  It's a really big bar, with both ample space at the bar with seats in that area, then a seperate seated area just up the back. Loads and loadsa room basically.   So yeah. Once I get a bike (which I will be very soon) I will be frequenting the Fountain...frequently? Damnit, my excitement at how awesome this place is has left me lost for words (no easy task). It has everything you could want in a nice, modern yet still traditional bar as a local: welcoming, warm, good vibe, other customers seem awesome, staff friendly, food, drink. Yeah, it's just....really, really, ridiculously good.
I had pretty high hopes for The Fountain.  I've heard people raving about the quality of the food, the selection of beers and the excellent revamp given to a once scrummy pub.  I can get on board with the revamp.  I never frequented The Fountain in its previous incarnation, but a coworker tells me it used to be nicknamed Vietnam.  That says enough.  The paint job, the super cool old light bulbs, the general decoration of this place is pretty sweet.  I imagine that coming here on a week night or weekend during the day would give me an even better impression of the place, but unfortunately my first visit here was for dinner on a Friday night, which proved to be a less than stellar experience.  In food terms - I opted for the fish and chips which was well cooked but had to be drenched in various sauces to give it any flavour as the batter was quite bland.  I'd heard people raving about the chips which were also nice but indeed, just about exactly how I make chips at home so again nothing I'm going to write home about.  The portion was huge however, so it was good value for money.  Other members of my party enjoyed their meals though we had a bit of confusion with the kitchen which informed our waitress that the veggie haggis parcels had only haggis in them, which wasn't actually the case, resulting in the meal being sent back.    Flip side to that was the fact that the manager/chef devised a special vegan meal for the vegan in our party.  The meal was raved about and it was especially appreciated as many places will just give the vegan a salad.    Our waitress was incredibly friendly and lovely as well, and she handled quite a few tables like a pro.  The drinks - first of all, the beer menu had no prices on it.  As a result I ended up ordering one beer at 5 and two at just about 4.  These weren't high percentage beers, just expensive ones.  The 4 beers usually cost me 2.50 at Montpelliers which is not exactly a bar known for inexpensive pricing, so I have no idea why The Fountain had to charge so much for them.  Sure I could have asked the price and had the waitress running back and forth, or they could just publish the prices?  I was also not terribly impressed with the fact that our table eventually just stopped being served.  We never received extra water, we had to flag someone down to get a cheese plate, and there was no danger of getting anyone to bring any more drinks.  Considering our bill came to nearly 200 for one course with three rounds of drinks and cheese, I was rather surprised at the ultimate lack of service.    The verdict - I don't see myself returning in a hurry.
Every now and again a place comes along carrying a whole load of hype with very little delivery. For me The Fountain is the latest to play this ruse. I was never sure where the initial positive word of mouth had come from given its former incarnation as a dodgy Fountainbridge old man's boozer. Suddenly the word on the street was get to The Fountain; the newest, coolest bar in town.  Eh.... I have to say I ain't sold on it.  I've now drank there 4 or 5 times, and eaten 3. I think it looks cool with its vintage dcor and quirky items here and there. But is that all it takes for the hyperbole machine to churn these days?  The staff are fine, not pleasant but not unpleasant. But if I'm honest, they're a bit too laid back behind the bar given how busy they can be, most of them coming across as too cool for school, which sadly I doubt is the case.  The bar itself is a weird collection of ex-locals, students, professionals and piss-heads. A very weird assortment of folk who have clearly heard the same hype everyone else has. It also seems to get very crammed when busy, the tables and chairs arrangement not leaving much in the way of standing room.  On the restaurant side of things, I'm disappointed. As said I've eaten here 3 times. Each time I've been excited by a dish on the menu only to be left indifferent by the finished article. My last visit saw me order the Confit Duck Leg on Braised Red Cabbage with a Raspberry Compote on the side. On paper this sounds tremendous and very much worth its 15 price tag. Sadly not. Sadly it again appears The Fountain has believed its own hype and created a menu of average, over-priced meals.  I'm not saying the meal was bad. But the duck was dry enough for me to argue the rationale of the asking price. This was not a one off. The same night, Jennie had the Pork special, wrapped in Pancetta with blah blah blah, something very trendy on the side. 14 face value. In truth worth 7-8.  My previous two meals here were a similar story but less complaint-inducing as they were not from the over-priced specials board.  I won't eat here again for a while. If they change kitchen staff or lower the prices, somebody please let me know. They would be worthy of the hype if said hype included more reasonable pricing or extraordinary cuisine.
Rustic and trendy Friends, cheers, and plenty of beers  Gastronomical
I was meeting people here tonight and honestly thought this would be just another regular pub, and I also wasn't too sure of the area it's in. I was so happily and pleasantly surprised to enter this warm, cosy pub and to see how nice it is inside! When I reached the bar to decide on a drink, I was blown away. All too often recently the pubs I have visited have had Strongbow as their only cider option on tap -- not my favorite -- so I usually try to find something else... like Strawberry Lime Recordelig cider in a bottle. But here at the Fountain they had a surprise in store for me: they actually had my favorite Recordelig on tap! Now I have never seen it on tap before, so this was perfect and I had to get it. I even had a good backup option because they had Aspall cider on tap, too. Another great choice! The food here also looked really good, and I'd definitely be up for some next time.   I really liked the laid back atmosphere here, and the cosy environment. The staff could be a little bit more warm and friendly to match the environment, but overall things were great and I'd definitely come back if in the area!  P.S. Bring cash since they told us that our bill would have a 50p surcharge if we used a card for our 7.50 bill.
I was quite curious to see how The Fountain would be transformed. It had been a bit of an old man pub with a dodgy reputation, so when I passed and it had been finished and looked female friendly, I was tempted to venture in.  After several thwarted attempts at going, finally I managed to check it out last week after the Yelp cinema trip. The reviews in that time had went from great to being just a bit ok so I wasn't sure what I'd face. Plus I'm gluten free and pub's are not usually the best places for lots of choice on the menu.   After munching my way through a bag of popcorn, I was hungry for some 'normal' food but not main course ready. I decided to go for a starter and a side (chips). The normal chips were off limits as they are fried in oil which may be contaminated with other wheat products - that's fine and I appreciated the heads up. But then a glimmer of hope - special handmade, hand cooked chips which came with the steak would be prepared differently and therefore suitable for Coeliac me. And then not. Yes, they were suitable, but they only had enough to cover the steak so no chips for me. Mmmm. It's chips, they are easy to prep and I would wait for them so why not offer this option? Also, by this point it is about 9pm so how many more steaks were they likely to sell on a Wednesday night? I had ordered a salad but the other sides  were not appetising - mash and salad, no thanks. More healthy veggies - nope, it was chips on my mind.   So, its 3 stars so far - its not a cheap place to grab a post cinema nosh but the bar has been done up well and it's pretty nice. My Greek salad was good - lots of crumbly, salty feta with yummy, perfectly ripe tomatoes and for a 'starter' plate was good value (4.75) for it's size. Service was a bit hit and miss - and I wasn't wowed by the options for grabbing a lite bites.
The Fountain has become my regular pre / post cinema stop. When I first encountered it, I was enamoured. In this out-of-town spot, with the Fountainpark Complex of chains, and not much else, I was inspired to find such a modern, freshly-painted gastropub serving really nice food in such homely bar.   I've been here quite regularly, mainly when going on a Yelp Movie Night Out with other Yelpers, but also for dinner with friends, and I have to say that whilst I do still like it a lot, it's maybe no longer love.  The staff are friendly, but I find the service a little patchy. I waited for 10 minutes at the bar to ask for more water. A girl could see me standing with the empty water bottle, and I did once or twice ask her 'excuse me' as she was waiting for her colleague to ring something through the till (so she was standing doing nothing waiting to process an order) as I did think asking for a fresh bottle of water that I could see in the fridge wouldn't be an inconvenience...and she just ignored me. It does make you feel stupid to politely call out "excuse me" serveral times across a relatively quiet bar to get nothing back. Blanked. The shame.  I was most disappointed, though, in my most recent meal here. I had the scallops, as I love scallops, in the cauliflour sauce. Now. When I saw this on the menu I thought "hmm cauliflour sauce. That doesnt sound too tasty but hopefully it won't be much, it'll just be on the side, and I can ignore it." But now, a huge plate of the sauce came with three scallops in the middle. The scallops were cooked really nicely, but the sauce was just...not nice. It wasn't foul or inedible. And maybe it's just a taste thing. But first off, I don't think cauliflour is well paired with fish, unless it was in a creamy sauce (the sauce wasn't creamy). And cauliflour isn't exactly the best-loved vegetable of our nation. It's going out on a limb to do something so unusual, and unless you know you're doing it well with lots of great taste-test feedback, why do it? I really didn't enjoy the sauce.  I do still like it here, and would happily stop in for a drink and maybe some chips. It'll still probalby be the pre-cinema spot for a drink. But given it's out-of-town location it's not good enough to make me trek over town to get here, there isn't that "Cheers"-vibe of super friendly staff where people want to get to know your name at least, and the food was patchy. And given that there are so many other nice bars in Edinburgh, serving great food, it maybe needs to up its game a little?
Firstly cannot fault the food! I had fish and chips and was amazing! The chips were some of the best ive tasted, and the fish was lovely the batter was nice and cripsy!   The staff however, made me feel like I was almost putting them at an inconvenience by being there! No acknowledgement on walking in even though the lady behind the bar made eye contact, just looked at me for a minute then said hello! great customer service there!   Overall tasty food but the service being so poor will keep me from returning which is a shame!
When this place was first opened, I wrote it off... It seemed a little bland at first, despite a nice blue paintjob....and the crowd just was generally older... Not really my scene.  Then, some fellow Yelpers had a meetup here prior to a movie at Fountain Park and I was pleasantly surprised to see that this set-up was pretty decent. I have since returned numerous times and it's unexpected favourite.  Drinks can be a little above average price but affordable, I think the Fountain's best feature is the ambiance. If you have had a long day and you'd like to unwind with a nice cold drink, this is the place to be. A very nice place where there isn't insanely loud music and you can actually talk. It also doubles as a great place to hang out prior to movies.  On to the food, I LOVE their fries... So big and crispy and it comes in a pot... My friends are a fan of its fruit ciders. For me, I always go for their ginger beer.
The Fountain Bar has become by venue of choice for pre cinema dining these days. Fountain Park is full of restaurants but these do seem to be more family orientated which is why it's nice to go somewhere more grown up for something to eat.   From what I'm told this place used to be typical 'old man' pub. You wouldn't think it now looking at the dcor. Inside has an almost nautical theme with sailing pictures on the walls and miscellaneous old fashioned bottles on the shelves. There is a lot of light wood, brass and leather and also a cast iron fire that they sometimes have on in the winter. Whilst there is a separate dining and bar area they also seating available outside, but the road outside is pretty busy so it's not really an appealing option unless you smoke.   The menu changes daily, but there is a definite swing towards seafood in their food choices. It's quite nice to get such lovely seafood outside of Leith for a change. The variety I've seen in the sauces they serve their mussels with is pretty awe inspiring. A red pesto sauce and mussels? Yum!  The Haddock and chips are also a firm favourite of mine. The light crispy batter on the fish and the chunky chips are superb though slightly pricey for a pub meal at 10. The problem with this being across the road from the cinema is that I've never had dessert here.  The prospect of Ben and Jerrys or popcorn has always stopped me from having some. To be honest I don't see this changing anytime soon. Popcorn is one of the joys of going to see a movie.   If you need a place to eat before the cinema and would rather die than eat at Pizza Hut it's well worth checking this place out.
The Fountain is on completely the wrong side of town for me. Even though it's next to Cineworld, Edinburgh has at least four cinemas that are more convenient if you're coming from Leith. In fact, it's so out of my usual home turf that I actually got lost on my way across town and was 30 minutes late.*  Will any of these things stop me coming here again? Will they hell!  For a start, this is fundamentally a great pub. Really nicely done out, with old-fashioned wooden floors, stylish decor and lovely big, bright windows. The selection of drinks is also good and includes a decent range of bottled craft beers.  But the food is what will really stuck with me (in a good way). It's classic gastro-pub stuff, but done with such care that it still manages to surprise. The pepper squid, for example, isn't your standard frozen pre-cut quid rings - it's done in strips, fresh (I think) and includes the tasty tentacles**. The lamb on a giant Yorkshire pudding - another gastro-pub staple - was also excellent, with an obviously home-made yorkie and tender, flavoursome lamb in a rich gravy.  The beef pie seems to be The Fountain's standout dish though. The pastry's as good as you'd expect, but the filling (even though I'd been pre-warned) really did knock my socks off. You get a lot of beef, for a start, and I don't think they use a prissy lean steak cut, as some pubs do. The gelatinous, sweet, melting chunks of meat suggest a long, slow cook. The gravy too has a lot going on; spices and fruit, mixed with caramelised onion and marrow-y meat juices. Together, it's a real sensation and you'll want to savour every mouthful.  In short then, I'll be watching a lot of IMAX films in future, simply for an excuse to shlep across town and have my tea here.  * I was also verbally abused by a van driver on my way over, although I was striding through a thunderstorm dressed like Malibu Ken at the time. I mention this only for context - it wasn't The Fountain's fault.  ** Always a good sign. A) Restaurants shouldn't assume their customers are so squeamish and B) It usually means the squid was whole at some point in its recent past.
After a few more visits post Yelp event - I found that the atmosphere wasn't all that.  I also felt the service was lacking attention and efficiency.  It was a little disappointing to experience this as I was so willing to like it and it just fell flat.   The chairs are little to hard and uncomfortable. The sofas too low. The wifi keeps dropping and the sought cosiness was missing on more than just one occasion.   I can't put my finger on it and I am generally able to relax and find comfort in the weirdest of places, but here I just couldn't 'put my feet up'.  I still prefer this over the McGowan's across the road, but only just.
I was here recently for a Yelp Elite Event and was bowled over by the pie we were served so much that I insisted my partner and I go here for an impromptu sunday lunch.  I called in advance to make sure we could get a table and were assured that we could. The place was dead when we arrived (1pm on a sunday I expected it to be heaving!). Anyway the service was pretty good, although we didn't really order much. After perusing the menu it was a case of 2 cokes and 2 pies please :)   The pies were huge and served with Chive mash. First off the mash was D-licious! I really enjoyed it. The pies were very large in size although not so consistent. Whilst we had the same size dishes I lucked out completely. My boyfriends pie had lots of puff pastry on top (which I love btw) whilst mine was miserly. In terms of the contents, his had lots of meat and a thick rich gravy whilst mine had little meat and the majority a thin gravy. I was upset at this as the pie we had at the Yelp event was thick, rich and packed full of filling. It had a creaminess to it that the one I had on Sunday failed to resemble. I'm hoping the pie I received was a one off. My partners looked nice and he enjoyed it hence the 3 star review.   I was spying what other tables were receiving and I think we'll be back here if we're this side of town again as it all looked well presented. I don't think I'll be making a specific trip in again though :-S
It's a five star review: this place has what it takes to knock it out the park and I hope they meet your expectations of a swanky gastropub if you should pay them a visit. Some of the beers are a little pricey, but supply and demand is what it is and I'm only referring to some of the bottled offerings there. On tap is a good range and you won't go thirsty.  A lot of new student accommodation has recently opened up just feet away - the prices may help maintain the ambience and slightly exclusive nature of The Fountain, but only time will tell.  The food is the star of the show though. Pick yourself a beef shin pie and that's what you'll be getting: a whole lotta beef, with a bit of shin in there too (surprisingly heavy is cow bone). No carrot filler, all bovine killer, in a delightful sauce that you can soak up with your mashed potato side.  The battered fish and chips will keep you filled up for days, but beware the starters for they are mighty in their proportions and may prevent you finishing your battered treat.  The staff are generally great too. This place is an asset to all Edinburgh, particularly on this side of town.
When in Ediburgh, I seem to have found myself in Fountainpark all too often, passing by The Fountain thinking 'Oooh!' Whilst I'd never had the chance to pop in and fulfill my increasing curiosity, I finally seized the opportunity and popped in for lunch when I was next headed for that pretty city.   The Fountain is quaint and quirky. It stands out in the street, calling you in with its large retro typeface sign and bright blue exterior. Upon entering, I couldn't help but drool over the bar with its large selection, including a quirky bright green ladder for climbing. (Yes, the bar is that big that it needs a ladder. Excuse me while I work my way through the gin collection..)   We were given a warm, friendly welcome. Whilst the menu of main meals looked a little pricey for an off the cuff lunch, it looked perfect for a special lunch or dinnertime meal and had a variety of delicious options. I opted for the Leek and Potato soup which was a starter but perfect for a lunchtime meal. It was wholesome and rich, perfectly comforting on a cold winter afternoon. We also got a cheese platter to share which came with a variety of dipping oils and sauces and a generous portion of bread. Lovely!  On a side note, I love quirky little restaurants and cafes and I feel a little sad when the bathroom is left behind with the theme...so the kitsch Fountain ladies room with its wooden cabinet stocked with an eclectic mix of beauty bits and bobs totally made me smile!  All in all, The Fountain was a delicious stop for lunch and as the waitress lit the candles on our table whilst the dark night drew in, I'd no doubt that the ambiance would carry through in to a lovely evening.
It was a Sunday. My brother was visiting. What else do you do with family on a Sunday... it was time for Sunday Roast! The Fountain having some good roast reviews here on Yelp, we decided to check it out. Muted sage-teal walls make a fresh but homely atmosphere and we were greeted immediately with swift and bright service. We hadn't booked ahead but we had a drink at the stylish yet cosy bar while a table came free (which was surprisingly quick - less than ten minutes - but we were there at six-ish so quite early).  When we ordered, there was only one pork belly left. (Sunday roast sold out by 6 on a Sunday? Really?) My brother opted instead for the shoulder of lamb. Our food arrived fairly quickly and at first it didn't look like there was very much there, but the vegetables joined us later. The pork was amazing - really juicy and tender - and there was a really well-proportioned Yorkshire pudding. Peas and carrots were served separately and to be honest, I thought the bowl they arrived in was just for one person, until another didn't follow and I realised we were sharing. The peas were great and lots of beetroot but the carrot mash was slightly on the cold side. However, everything tasted delicious.  Because the portions were slightly on the small side, we did decide to have dessert. I say "because the portions were small" but who am I kidding? I almost always have dessert regardless... Anyway, we both ordered the cheesecake and we decided to push the boat out and also get a cheeseboard to share. But alas! There was also only one cheesecake left! My brother, ever the gentleman, once again switched his choice, and plumped for the sticky toffee pudding at the waitress's recommendation.  Good gracious. GOOD GRACIOUS. Such a cheesecake shall I dream about in years to come. It was so good I had to give my brother some to try, and so good that I grieved to part with a forkful when I did so. His pudding was also excellent; sticky toffee pudding can so often come out either stodgy and chewy or loose and partly dissolved. This was neither; sticky toffee perfection. But back to my cheesecake... unfff. The base was crumbly and biscuity and full of flavour. The top was sturdy and creamy without being gelatinous. The berries and compote gracing that heavenly cake were round and piquant. This is definitely the best cheesecake I have ever had in a restaurant, and possibly anywhere.  The cheeseboard was just the right size for two people as a rounding-off course after dessert, with oatcakes and a selection of cheeses including brie, Stilton and cheddar. There was also a small tub of frozen grapes, which I've never encountered before, but which were rather delightful.  Following a coffee for him and a lavender rooibos for me, we toddled over to the cinema across the road. "I think I'm going to need another coffee before the film," my brother confided, trailing off to find one. "Otherwise, sitting in a comfy chair in a warm, dark room can only lead to immediate sleep after a great meal like that." A great meal it sure was.
I have been here for an event and also twice for dinner. It's really excellent. Much better than it was and decidedly less stabby.   Where once you though a wall eyed scabby hearts fan was going to throw a dart at you because you could pronounce EVERY vowel in a word. There is now very comfortable dining and drinking facilities.  The Pies are awesome. My SO said the Veggie Haggis was also great.   Only slight issues. The banoffi pie was a bit mean for 5-6 or whatever it was. Also the beer selection was a bit poor. Sort that out and you get my extra star!
My brother raves about this place so i had to check it out.  I was looking for a decent Sunday Roast so thought this would be an ideal opportunity.  We were seated in the far left corner (as you enter) and were surrounded by screaming kids - my ultimate pet hate when dining out, but in fairness to the venue, not their fault.  Both a la carte and the Sunday specials menu sported a superb range of appetising dishes but we both had our heart set on the roast and opted for the sirloin (15).  The Fountain has a great range of craft beers on offer, which definitely lends itself to me and a pint of St. Mungos is always appreciated.  Anyway, the dining area had thankfully quietened down by the time our food arrived.  Presentation was a little sloppy and my plate wasn't exactly warm.    Our server didn't ask how we wanted our beef cooked, so i assumed it would come pink.  Sarah's beef was annoyingly pinker than mine, but mine was tender and perfectly pleasant.  The roast potatoes tasted fine, although they weren't particularly crisp on the outside and weren't exactly piping hot.  The red cabbage and carrot/suede mash combo was a particular highlight of a decent Sunday Roast.   Mixed bag here.  For 15, i wasn't blown away but left satisfied.
Popped in here earlier this evening for a post bowling pint. I'd heard good things about this place but find a few things disappointing. The place has a fairly meager selection of beers. Tons of wine if that's your thing but I prefer a more balanced bar. On top of that my pint of rekorderlig cost me a fiver. unnecessary mark up in my opinion. If that's how they're pricing then i'm happy to be priced out. My desert of distinctly below par, out of a packet, tiny fucking slice, banoffee pie was also totally over priced for what i got at a fiver. No thanks The Fountain.
i saw that this place had opened a few weeks ago and looked very different from the previous dodgy looking old man's pub that had been there.  i was keen to try it, but living in leith i'm not very often in the area.  luckily a group of lovely yelpers met here before going to see anna karenina (which was an AMAZING movie!!) for a drink and some food. i really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars, but i can't seem to do that.  the refurbishment and the decor has made this a really cool looking place!  i really liked the bar stools that were fairly comfy to perch on while i sipped a G&T waiting for someone else to show up.  the interior has been laid out nicely with lots of tables and places to sit near the bar and a mid sized area off to the side with more tables if you want to be farther away from the main bar area. the food menu was small but i thought there were a lot of nice options and they had a specials menu as well.  i wish i had gone with my initial want and ordered the fish and chips instead of the feta and tomato salad i ended up having.  i feel like gastro-pubs are made to do fish and chips well, but salads not so much.  while it was a perfectly pleasant salad and a very good size for a starter portion i found it a bit boring and there wasn't much taste to the dressing.  the bread i got on the side though was nicely toasted and very fresh, so that was a definite plus. one of the other girls very smartly ordered a portion of chips which came in a cute flower pot and looked just lovely!  next time that will be what i'm getting or one of the delicious smelling pies that a girl at the table next to us was eating when we got up to leave. my last point is the waiting staff.... they appeared to be a mix of friendly and not very interested in being helpful.  the girl that served me at the bar was very friendly and helpful when i asked if there had been a booking made and when i found out there hadn't she offered to get me a drink at the bar and if needed a table for the party i was waiting on.  the waitress who served our table seemed to be either bored of her job or annoyed by the fact that she had to serve a group that was busy chatting to each other so maybe not as quick to order as she would have liked.  however, our food was brought to our table quickly and when the bill was requested it appeared moments later, so still good service. feeling a bit mixed about this bar as i really wanted to like it but felt my salad was a bit tasteless and i wasn't overly enthused by all the waiting staff.  however, i'd happily go back to order a main course and give it another try.
This wee run-down cottage in Royal Terrace Gardens has been transformed into a rustic cosy little restaurant. They do a set menu of five courses for 25 and you can see the chefs at work in the centre of the dining area.   If you like elegant private dining you probably won't like this place as the tables are long slabs of reclaimed timber and you sit next to the other diners. It does make for a really good sociable atmosphere. A somewhat different and relaxing dining experience. There's none of the bother of choosing what to eat, the five courses just get served up to you and there's no rush, plenty of time for conversation.  You can ask ahead if you have any dietary requirements. The set menu is constantly changing, the night I went there was tender pieces of pork, a delicious bitter vegetable soup, fish, dessert, cheese... all the courses were excellent and thankfully none were too large so there was always room for the next one.  Very much worth the money, though to make sure you get the best value check what is on the menu as it changes very fast and then pick a selection that really suits you.
Had dinner here on Tuesday and was well impressed.  Although the portion sizes were kinda inconsistent amongst our group of 4, then the couple sitting next to us had their dishes served slightly differently to ours and seemingly with more stuff..  Aside from that, the food was fabulous and you could taste the freshness of the ingredients as they base their meals around things which are locally sourced.  The wine & drinks list is fantastic as well. The ricotta & pumpkin cheesecake was a great end to the meal. The communal tables were pretty fun.  25 for 5 courses is pretty good value for money. Will definitely be back again!
We popped in on the off chance that they might have some seats for brunch on Saturday.  Luckily they'd just had a cancellation so we snagged a few seats in the corner. There were only a couple of choices for brunch but they both looked good. We opted for the bacon, poached eggs and greens with toasted sourdough.  It also came with mushrooms and some Stornoway black pudding. Yum.  Good sized portions too.  We were sat on our own at one of tables so didn't get to partake of the communal dining experience.  It was good to see the chef at work in the kitchen from our seats and from the taste it was clear that everything is made to order using fresh produce.  Will definitely go back to try their dinner menu.
This place is really original with a simple idea and theme.  We were travelling back to see friends in Edinburgh and read about this place in The Week magazine. Having just returned from Cape Town where we had some impressive food, we thought this place sounded as if it would offer good value for lunch, with the food cooked from whatever is fresh that day...and thus the place would have some originality.  Like most folks who have commented on this place we were charmed! Sure the service can be a little muddled as all the staff, chefs included work at a pace, and a glass of extra wine did need to be asked for twice....but if anyone sits and waits for 45 minutes for a bottle...then simply get up and ask politely and I'm sure that you will get your wine...simple really!  The staff all seemed to have passion and smile, and spending my life running an inn, sadly I know that often this not is the case! They came across as human. What I also loved is that you can see the 3 chefs working in a small kitchen.  Onto the food...a great rabbit terrine, which they were making more of as we ate lunch...the smell was fantastic! I then had a black pudding..another starter as I was VERY hungry and then a fish dish from memory. All got 10/10. Sure the choices are limited (this makes it easier in my opinion) and you sit on long benches abutting long communal tables and elbow room is sparse....but hey for 25 quid it's a great meal and experience, and you may even speak with a local.  The wine choices are enough to excite and also reasonably priced. The traditional record player was quirky and refreshing in this I-Pod obsessed century. Yup LP's do stick and jump still!  Would I go back...sure! And then you pop round the corner for another snack at the wonderful Valvolla & Crolla!
One of the most fun dining experiences I have had in Edinburgh.  The food was perfectly prepared, fresh, modern, relaxed. I couldn't wait for each of the seven courses to come. Overall it was a perfect amount of food. My favourite course was a crab meat ravioli with bisque. It's a bit like having a taster menu. It was great to try so many lovely things in one dinner, however it was a wee bit disappointing that my favourite dish was over so quickly.  Everyone sits at the same table, yes, but I wasn't even aware of what people were talking about next to me. You can see the staff working away in the kitchen. The music is played on a record player in the room - a lovely thing to see. I really loved everything about The Gardners Cottage. Even my loose leaf peppermint tea was amazing. It was really good value too.
An incredible gastronomic experience that are beyond any expletives, as the previous review said, that can be used to express the awesomeness of this place. A rustic quaint little cottage hidden in a small park that takes you literally as if you were out in the countryside. Our table was within arms reach and in full view of the two young chefs who were intensely prepping the meals. The servers were very friendly. The food was perfectly matched with the wine for each course. The meals were well-balanced. All the ingredients were procured from local sources and couldn't have been any fresher. Had a great time sharing the dinner with a friend here. There was some difficulty making our way out through the tiny door way which we didn't have any problems getting through earlier before the meals. ;-)    When in Edinburgh, a definite must!
What a lovely place!! The food was beautifully cooked and the atmosphere was great. Personally I quite like the coseyness of the shared tables, but  you are very tightly packed next to your neighbors which might not be to everyone's taste.  Despite having 5 courses I didn't feel overly full at the end of the meal- some would say just right, but I could have done with a little more (hence four, not 5 stars.) The food was really lovely though, very tasty, and cooked sympathetically to the seasonal  ingredients.
Sunday brunch/ lunch today courtesy of my wife. Outstanding cooking of beautifully fresh produce.   Where to start ? The rhubarb Bellini. Yes that's where we started. We opted for some sharing and a main each.  Tagliatelle with walnuts and black pudding - crunchy and spicy - it disappeared a bit sharpish!  I had the hake with celeriac and amazing crispy kale - I guess it was dehydrated in the oven. Simply superb.my wife had the leg of mutton equally well presented.   Finale was fought over with spoons. Sherry ice-cream, chocolate and some more rhubarb from the front garden.   Keep it up guys. We've been fans since day 2!  We'll be back.
I loved everything about my experience at Gardener's Cottage.  I love the fact that the old cottage I used to bus by on my way to work is now in use. I love walking through a tiny productive garden to get to the front door, I LOVE that they use slates to define the raised beds (stealing that idea), I love that the food is in season, I love that it's creative and tasty and I can't be picky or safe and I just have to eat what's in front of me (as a formerly way picky eater, this is a big deal).  I know that the concept of GC can sound pretty pretentious or, as one friend put it, a hipster's wet dream. But I found the actual execution to be laid back, friendly, and delicious, with no pretension at all.  I think maybe that the big sharing tables force you to leave your BS at the door and just enjoy the experience. I also think that the INCREDIBLE (not listed) starter of warm home made sourdough with bbq'd purple sprouting broccoli and some kind of hollandaise-ish sauce helped that whole thing too. Of course next time I go it will be something completely different, and that's cool too.  Be prepared to be wowed, ok'd, and meh'd during the course of your meal. It's highly likely you won't like everything they're serving because you pretty much have no choice in the matter (unless you really hate something that's on the menu, or have an allergy or moral issue with it).  But, that's ok because most of the experience will be great and will leave you appreciating what Scotland had to offer even more.   Basically, loving it all the way and desperate to go back.
It was very serendipitous that we ended up eating here. We had failed to make any proper birthday dinner reservations elsewhere and in our searching I remembered having heard this place was good, so I checked their website and was able to book a table on-line the same morning. Very handy! We arrived at 5:45, which is generally a bit early for us to eat dinner, but with 7 courses we figured it was a good time to start. We were also quite excited to try a meal we didn't have to choose.  The location and cottage itself are idyllic, it does feel like you have wandered into a lovely English cottage and surrounding garden. The inside is so warm and cozy and it feels like you are dining in at a friends home. They have 3 tables, which seat 10 each and you sit next to the other diners, no separate tables. I quite enjoyed it as it just adds to the homelike feel of this place. I really love the surroundings and the record player spitting out some music from the 50s and you also get to watch the chefs cooking, which adds to the relaxing atmosphere.   The staff was exceptional. We were greeted instantly and seated right away. The staff was very efficient, but casual and so friendly. We were asked if we wanted any explanation of the menu or if we just wanted to jump right in. We opted to just jump in and I received an excellent wine recommendation to suite what was to come.   In order we started with the pig tongue dumpling, which was amazing. Small, but so many flavors and a delicious fresh slaw to go with it. Next we received sourdough bread with a beetroot dip, which was lovely and delicate. Following that we received a kale and bacon soup with blue cheese and toasted walnuts. It was very smooth and such a nice dish, the walnuts and bacon made it so hearty and complimented the line of courses well.   Our main was roast lamb, with gnocchi, wild roasted garlic, crispy purple sprouting broccoli and aioli. The lamb was served pink and was excellent, the gnocchi was light and buttery (so amazing!) and the vegetables were stunning. I especially liked the garlic, which looked like it had just been pulled with the stalks from the garden. I was so full after that, but the food was too good to even think about stopping. After that course we received a light biscuit "ragstone" with a very mild goats cheese and carrot jam. It was such a nice treat, well-sized and very good to have after such a great main.   Now the dessert, again so full, but luckily both desserts were so light and just wow! The first was a smoked pumpkin mousse, chocolate cream and hazelnut meringue. The pumpkin was surprisingly addicting and the hazelnuts have it a nice texture. The chocolate cream was rich, but not too sweet and it went so well with the pumpkin. The second dessert was toasted brioche, char-grilled apple, barley ice-cream and carrot and crowdie mousse. It was also to die for. The crowdie and carrot mouse was absolutely 'divine' as Paula Dean would say. It was so lovely.  The entire experience, meal and service was beyond any expectations I had and I was thoroughly impressed. It definitely is a splash and not something I would do often, but it is so worth it for a special occasion or something different. I would recommend this to anyone who is loves food and doesn't mind being served a meal selected by people who know what they are doing with food.   If you are picky or have any dietary things they do offer to try to accommodate those, but I personally would say don't bother trying it if you aren't a wee bit adventurous. This is an experience for diners who appreciate food and can respect that it is cooked and paired exactly how it should be for you to enjoy. Let go for a change and feel pampered by some pros!
Love the vibe! Good place to go to hang out with the friends and have a drink at the bar. Also good for a night out with the family as well. Def go check the place out!! Lots of beers on draft, great menu, and good prices!!!
Great local business!  Food is tremendous, I recommend the meatloaf, best I've ever had, sorry mom!  Beer selection is out of this world, including a self pouring wall that you can get prepaid, definitely a plus when playing pool, darts or shuffleboard.  Staff is extremely friendly and the place is very family friendly.  Will be a great place for football in a few months!
Nothing special. McMullans is better. The food is alright. Great service and friendly bartenders. Only bar with High Sierra beer from Reno. Its English? Maybe Irish? I'm confused. Cheap beer before a Hardrock concert only real reason to go outside of friendly bartenders
This place still has that new pub smell!  Spacious and friendly, this makes a good food and drink alternative for anyone frequenting the Hard Rock Hotel across the street.  The salmon I ate was delicious and inexpensive.  The real reason to recommend this place is the eager staff who make this a pleasant stop.  The bartender, Britney, is such a cutie!  I think I'm smitten!
I've gone here twice now. This place rocks because: (1) great beer selection; (2) super friendly and helpful bartenders/waitresses; (3) basic food at a fair price; (4) pool tables, shuffle board, darts, loungey area; (5) tons of TV's; (6) location - right across from hardrock in the same parking lot as the new Kiss mini-put-put park.  This is my new preferred Friday after work happy hour spot.  Highly recommend grabbing a few cold ones before golfing at the Kiss park (locals discount- $10 to play).  Love it!
After my husband's birthday party at KISS Mini-Golf was said and done, a handful of us decided we weren't quite ready to head home.  While hanging out in the parking lot discussing our options, we noticed the sign for Firkin.  Having my handy Yelp knowledge, I knew this place just opened and that they had over 40 beers on tap.  I was easily able to sell my friends on the idea of hanging out there for the rest of the (late) night.  The space inside of Firkin is quite large with plenty of seating for dinner, as well as a large bar and a lounge area with couches and pool tables.  Everything is new and shiny and there are plenty of TV's to catch a game.  The employees were super friendly and very knowledgeable despite only have been open for a few weeks.  Everyone in our group really enjoyed the atmosphere here.  They offer specials almost every night of the week, and for this particular night (Friday) they had $3 well drinks and house wine.  Sadly, I didn't get to take advantage of these offers having had too much to drink at the party beforehand.  My friends, however, decided on getting one of the many draft beers available and they were able to sample a couple to see what they liked before putting in their orders.  I'm not sure if it's standard procedure to get samples or if they were being nice to us since we wandered in at one in the morning; either way, my friends were grateful.  Firkin offers a full menu but I didn't have a chance to check it out to see the items or pricing.  They also have a limited late night menu from which I ordered the onion rings, one of the few vegetarian choices I saw.  The onion rings were good but a bit too greasy for me.  For the late night menu, think typical pub fare like fish and chips and lots of appetizers.  My friends and I were all glad that we made the walk over the parking lot to give Firkin a try.  It was nice to sit down and hang out by the bar to eat and drink and then move the party on over to the lounge area.  Things are a little slow there right now since they are new, in a parking lot with a ton of dead retail space, and their location has a blocked view from Hard Rock.  If tourists were smart, they would come over to Firkin to pregame with cheap drinks before heading over to Hard Rock for the clubs or gambling.  I definitely recommend for the good atmosphere, huge beer selection, and great drink specials.    In the same parking lot as KISS Mini-Golf, across Harmen from the Hard Rock.
Definitely a great new British Pub to add to the Eastside.  Located across from Hofbrahaus, this place is very unique in its atmosphere but more importantly has great food! Our service was great and they offer food at a very reasonable price with large portions.  Very worth the short drive :)
Before I go on, please understand that I am coming from the perspective of a local and a huge beer geek.  I normally don't drop names of other establishments in my reviews, but when it comes to beer I take things seriously. That being said, I have mixed feelings about Firkin.  There are definitely a few things I would improve.  Overall though this place is an awesome addition to the Vegas bar scene and I look forward to future visits!  Let's begin, shall we?  Beer first!  With a name like 'Firkin' you would think they would have cask ale (google it!).  Unfortunately, there was no cask ale, although I was told by the bartender and a woman that appeared to be a manger that they were working on getting cask ale.  I am hopeful that Firkin will join the ranks of Todd English Pub and Public House as establishments that serve cask ale (and hopefully they serve it properly).    The beer selections are mostly English ales, a few of them being the mediocre Newcastles and Guinnesses of the UK.  The selection of fine US craft beer suffers at the expense of the bar's theme, I suppose.  They did have Firestone Walker Union Jack, Double Jack, and Dogfish Head 60.  I enjoyed an Innis and Gunn Rum Cask ale.  They also have 10 rotating seasonal self serve taps that make things kind of fun!  Watch out though because their beers range from $6-8 a piece, although they do have deals on Newcastles.  Overall, the beer selection is great for Vegas bars, but disappointing compared to the likes of Aces and Ales or Khoury's Fine Wine and Spirits.  I am fine with this considering the crappy beer served in most Vegas pubs, like the Hofbrauhaus across the street.  On to what I really loved, the food!  I ordered the house French Dip ($11.95).  Not a bad price for a tourist place.  The roast beef was really juicy, the onions grilled perfectly, and with the touch of horse radish on a baguette bun, this was an amazingly delicious french dip!  I tried a bite of my friend's curry, and although a little sweet for my taste it was full of flavor and quite delicious.  Their perfect french fries were lightly battered, yet still light and fluffy.  Very good food at an affordable price makes me a returning customer!  The atmosphere is nice and social; no slot machines which is a plus in my book.  Lots of TV's.  The staff was very friendly, although somewhat lacking in beer knowledge.  I expect that the staff will be educated as the place evolves.  The promised addition of cask ale is exciting.  I would like to see them hire a Cicerone who also knows about cask beer (www.ukbrewing.com FAQ!).
I heard about Firkin a few weeks ago.  I finally was afforded the opportunity to check it out.  I was in the area waiting to pick up a friend from nearby McCarran Airport.  I stopped in for a quick pint.  It was a Monday night.  The first Monday night of the NFL season meaning a Monday Night Football game.  Local radio station X 107.5 was there.  Beer was only $3.00.  Some food was priced lower for the game also.  I started with just a pint of New Castle.  I came back after hitting the airport.  I then ordered another pint and the fish and chiplets ($5.00 special).  The service was good.  The staff are willing to talk to you and aren't just going through the motions.  I found the experience to be rather enjoyable.  From the service to the good food.  The fries are battered and crispy.  The fish was in the form of nuggets (small pieces).  Battered, fried, hot and crispy.  The tartar sauce was delicious.  I believe it had green onion in it.  A squeez of the grilled lemon and a drizzle of the malt vinegar across the plate made for a dinner worthy of the British beer and atmoshpere that firkin provides.    Some other points to note are: 1. The self-serve beer wall with 10 beers to choose from  2. The game room with billiards, darts, and shuffle board 3. The large and clean restaurant area 4. The lack of annoying slot machines at the bar. and one for the guys (or some gals, I don't judge)... 5. The waitresses are wearing short plaid "kilts" and low cut tops.  I had a good time during the couple of hours I spent at Firkin.  I plan to go back several times.  Maybe it wont be frequently but this is certainly a place I can see myself for a beer or two after work perhaps a couple times a month.
As a local who loves a good beer and a nice establishment - especially places that are smoke-free - this new bar and pub is wonderful.  For anyone who works at/near UNLV, the University district has been waiting for a place like this.  I have been to the Firkin twice in the past 5 days.  Here are my thoughts.  First things first, the beer.  They have a great selection of draft beers for a wide range of tastes.  Tuesdays are 2 for 1 pints, which is a great special!!  All day long!!!   They have a bar for self-tap beer, although I haven't seen anyone use it.  The food has been very good so far too.  The wings are awesome and come in about 15 different flavors.  The Red Thai and Bourbon wings are my Favorite!!  The Suicide is near-death - eat with caution!  Potato skins and Irish Nachos are great.  But the killer dish here is the Bread Pudding!   Yes, I said Bread Pudding!  You must try the Bread Pudding with a scoop of ice cream!!    The Firkin has daily specials which can make your experience better if you save money.  Thursdays and Sundays they have football specials with great deals on beer and food.  Tuesdays are 2-for-1 pints all day long.    There are 2 pools tables, a shuffleboard table, and darts - for those of you looking to play games while socializing.  Lots of televisions near the bar for great sports viewing.  Honestly, this place has everything.    All in all, this place is a great addition to the campus neighborhood.  I hope business is good for them and they can stay open for a long time.
Beer and wings. This is a place to go. Clean English style interior makes this place neat and cozy at the same time. Variety beer selection with daily promotion would attract beer lovers to this pub. 15 different wing flavors from buffalo to pineapple curry and huge wings definitely works for foodies like me. All you can eat wings for $12.99 on wednesday is worth to try all different flavors as many as you can. If you are looking for a place to escape from smokey bars in Las vegas, I highly encourage you to visit smoke-free and cozy Firkin on Paradise.
I'm a fan of the dark wood decor, descent beer selection and good food specials. One night it was bottomless wings with a choice of 18 sauces and another night it was a burger and a beer for $12. The wings were really good and I was really happy with the burger and beer combo! :)  The service has always been friendly and attentive. It's in the neighborhood that includes the Double Down Saloon, Hofbrauhouse and Hard Rock Hotel. It's a older run down area of town, but Firkin has livened up that corner a bit. Drop in and give it a try. HAPPY EATING!
Firkin On Paradise is a British themed pub in the Las Vegas Bar Belt at Paradise and Harmon. It is big on fun and small on price.     Throughout Firkin On Paradise, TVs show sports. Firkin ties in sports with beer and food specials. At the time of our visit during the soccer game $2 beers and a $5 fish and chips special were featured.     Here are several reasons I would return to  Firkin on Paradise. Their $4.50  price for beer is reasonable. By the way this is half the price that the Hofbrauhaus across the street charges. Their $2 beer special is sensational. The pub has an average noise level where I can hear myself talk and think. From the Yelp pictures, the food looks delicious. The servers are friendly and informative of the specials. There are plenty of TVs to watch sports that include soccer and football. There are pool tables. The British pub theme rocks. It is across from the Hard Rock where I can continue to have a good time. It is in back of Kiss Mini Golf (after a few beers Kiss Mini Golf could be challenging). And I am a fan of drinking  beer in a pub.
First experience left me with a sour taste in my mouth. I had sat for 15 minutes in a booth before I was even approached. I saw employees standing around the bar, one server working a few booths, and the bartender picked up a few here and there. I was not in a hurry since my friend was joining me. I eventually got a beer and continued to wait. 30 minutes, 45 minutes, my friend had arrived and no one had approached to see if he wanted anything. At this point, I went to the bar, cashed out, and we walked across the street to another gastropub.  Today, I went back to give it another try. Yet again, off to a shaky start. 10 minutes without being acknowledged. 15 minutes, the bartender came by. I got a beer and it took some time for her to come around to take our food order. Once we got that in, it got better. The food specials are dirt cheap. Service is still a little spotty. I understand that bars are different than restaurants. I just wish that the staff could be a little more observant to their surroundings. It is not like they are rude, they are all downright pleasant, just unfocused.   The Firkin burger is a great deal. Especially when they do the $7 pairing with any domestic pint. $.50 wings, puts the chains to shame. These steroid birds are meaty, juicy, and not breaded. Sadly, the fish and chips are unremarkable. The breading on the filets and nuggets are too thick. It was crispy, but when you coat anything in a thick shell, it is bound to have a crunch. Firkin's has some essences of a pub, but it tends to lean more towards a family eatery. The mix menu allows for options. This could be a good thing for those who wants pasta and pizzas, but leaves me wanting more of the traditional UK fare.
Decided to check out this new pub after getting a Groupon for $15 for $30 worth of food and drinks. We went last night (Saturday) and got seated right away at a nice huge booth. I really love the look and atmosphere of the place, The music on the other hand was horrible. At one point, the music cut out and a few people cheered. We were there for almost 2 hours and I think 2 good songs played which were some good ol' Damian Marley tunes. I loved the choice of 42 beers on tap and you cant beat the $1 PBR on draft either. Although I'm not a big fan of PBR, I am however a broke college student looking for a cheap buzz haha. I got the half tuna melt sandwich with sweet potato fries which was delicious and my boyfriend got the fish and chips which he said tasted like it was made earlier and just thrown back in the fryer to reheat. The server was very attentive and nice. Before we went I saw a review on how all the servers are dressed in short plaid skirts and low tops, I guess I was expecting really hot girls and was a bit disappointed to say the least. The bill was around $55 which isn't too bad. I'd probably go again.
I was on vacation and found a groupon for this place.   The food was GOOOD and the portions were large. I had the 2 piece fish n chips. I was a little leery on the portion but I was barely able to finish it and I sat there in a food coma for a little while.   Only gripes, where the minus one stat comes in at... (in their defense it was 4pm, just before the dinner rush, might not have been prepared.)  *Refills.... had to ask multiple times.   *Food took a while to come out *Had to wait and eventually ask for the check  Overall it was very good. I'd go back.
So after numerous drive-bys of this place and wondering to myself "what the hell is a firkin", I finally decided to google it.  And, well, I'm glad I did.  I came here with a group of 6 people to meet before we headed on down to see the Evil Dead musical. We were greeted by 2 different hostesses which was an immediate thumbs up in my book.  Our server was super silly which made the evening fun, he recommended all sorts of different beers and specials which was really helpful. Pabst for a buck if that tickles anyones fancy.  The interior is really awesome and still clean because it's new so that's a plus and there are tv's and pool tables.  Onto the food. I had the Turkey melt which is really fresh tasting turkey with avocado, cheese, and mango chutney grilled panini style with garlic fries. It is... SO, so delicious, I highly recommend it. Pretty much everyone at the table wish they had ordered it too. My boyfriend got the tuna melt which he thought was great as well. Other food items ordered were the grilled cheese, the meatloaf, fish and chips, and a burger. Everyone loved their meals, but apparently the burger was voted as "meh".  Overall it's got great food, the atmosphere was nice (except the night we were there one half of the place got super clubby and annoying, not that I don't mind a little dubstep but seriously, it just didnt jive with the rest of the place), service was cool, and the booze specials made it that much better.   I also ended up coming here for lunch yesterday with the boyfriend again, the place was kind of dead, but still, the food here is pretty legit so I definitely recommend it as a lunch place as well if you want a low key spot to meet.
I liked the bar tops and the fact that it was nicely lit at this pub...that's about it.  Wait, the fries were pretty good...  My bf's brother got the fish sandwich with a side of wilted salad.  Yes, wilted because they had put the salad on the same plate as the fish sandwich, and the plate must have been placed under the heat lamp for quite some time prior to making it to our table.  I had the fish and chips, and again, I must admit that the garlic fries were pretty good.  The fish however, was not as good as I had hoped it to be.  The batter did not hold to the fish.  It was not fluffy and airy with the crisp to it.     My boyfriend had the Bangers, bean and mash.  All three of us came to the agreement that the bangers tasted like breakfast sausage.  Very underwhelmed.  Will I be coming back to this Firkin place (which is a chained pub btw), highly doubted.
Look...it is what it is: a strip mall bar in Las Vegas.  Pros:  - I learned about "the breakfast shot" - butterscotch schnapps, irish whiskey with a slice of bacon in it and an OJ back. - nice staff   Cons: - cheesey aesthetic - mellow enough atmosphere - sports on tv - a strip mall bar in Las Vegas
I am a huge fan of Brit , Irish, Spaniard, pubs , awesome beers andepic soccer games. They just go perfect with each other just like Tom Waitts drinking habits and his awesome music, megatron and optimus, me and strippers..you know the usual .  This Place felt more of a hipster wanna be brit place. A fabricated idea to satisfy tourists and others that cant make it to the german spot right across or don't want to go inside the hard rock hotel because its too packed or too expensive. Don't get me wrong..looks great but it is just missing "IT"  There are enough TV's and most of them were on American sports..including nascar.. I was like..uhhh...yeah..thats not right.lol.Place was busy enough but lots of spots to seat. It is kinda too big.  The food was OK.. only remarkable thing was the French fries..Super crispy and very well cooked inside, but other than that everything was just OK. The burger meat was good.A little on the dry side but not bad  . I give it an ok because the French fries came and saved the day again.I ordered a pound of wings..which sounds a lot right? Well there were only 9 wings. We also ordered the Irish nachos..which is circular cuts of french fries with melted cheese on top on a little tiny plate. Super disappointed on that. Don't expect guac, salsa, nothing..I mean why the heck even call them nachos????.The only impressive thing about the menu was the lack of good food.  Beer selection is pretty decent but the size / price relation is a little off.  Also some beers were only bottled and not even the rare ones. Prices were accesible   Service... we had to hunt for our server a couple of times. 15 minutes to get our check, refills were slow , however when she was there she was very personable . Not sure if they are understaffed or what .  So in conclusion if you want the vegas version of a brit pub where everything feels fabricated and fake, then you will enjoy it,Dont get me wrong; It is a nice spot that can def deliver some good times but if you are in the search for good euro food ,service,ambiance  and an awesome variety of beer , then Ill recommend to look around for another place.  May the soccer, good beer and raging fish and chips  gods be with you on this search!!
My wife, a friend and I went there for dinner yesterday night. My friend ordered a tuna melt and was informed that they were out. I ordered a chicken wrap and he decided to do the same. Very disappointing! They tasted like cardboard. We informed the waitress who was trying to help. She suggested the slider which was on special that night. My friend said to bring 1. When it finally came out, it looked like it was a 2 day old burger cooked on a trash can. I know that sliders aren't exactly an attractive meal, but even the waitress agreed when we complained. She had the manager come to the table. We were expecting an apology and simply offering a suggestion for the disappointing food. Instead, we got a rude, bad attituded person. His statement was "What do you expect, it cost a dollar." We are locals that frequent restaurants in the area several times a week. Since we have watched the entire transformation of this location from failing businesses, we were excited to try this out. We can definitely overlook the small stuff with a new business...but when the manager has a poor attitude and incapable of solving a simple situation, it leaves a bad taste in everyone's mouth.  All 3 of us drive the very large (25+ passenger) limos in this town. We are always asked about a good place to eat. Everyone loves a great local pub atmosphere with good food. Unfortunately, we are very opinionated and will make sure that everyone we know hears about our experience.  The only positive aspect of the meal seemed to be the garlic fries.
I popped in for Lunch on Friday. With it being Friday and in an English Pub I ordered the Fish and Chips, or fires in the this case. The fish was perfect nice crunchy batter, two fat pieces of cod done well. The fries....eh ok nothing to write home about. Service was good and the place looks nice. Looks like it could be fun in the eventing hours. I would agree with Mindy, its a 3.5 but also rounding up for service and ambience.
Overall, I thought this was a 3.5-star place, but I'm rounding up due to the excellent and friendly service.  The inside is really nice and clean, well-decorated, and somewhat in keeping with the British theme. It feels more like a restaurant than a bar, which is exactly what I was looking for. We need a place to hang out that has a good beer menu, decent food, no smoke, sports on tv, and allows kids! Thank you, Firkin, for filling that void in this city.  I was with a big group and we sampled lots of different items: chicken fried steak (4 stars) pizza (2.5 stars - just your standard bar pizza) fish and chips (3 stars) chicken pot pie (3 stars) french dip (4 stars) bread pudding (delish - a million stars!!!!)  Seriously, the bread pudding was awesome. It has a good texture and flavor, then they added craisins, and it was covered with this Jack Daniel butterscotch sauce, which was amazing. I would have eaten that sauce with a spoon.  The beer list was pretty good - over 30 on tap, with a special emphasis on British/Irish selections, and many more in bottles.  We had the 1 year old with us, who loves walking around and checking things out, and everybody was super nice to her. Our waiter was awesome, quick with our refills, gave good recommendations, and was very friendly. In addition, the food came out quickly, but not too quickly (considering the pot pie).   Prices were reasonable, overall, but not a bargain.  The space might be too big, considering there were several tables sitting down while we were in there, but it still felt empty. Also, there was only one person sitting at the bar, so maybe it gets rowdier late at night?
The food at firkin was slightly disappointing.  My husband ordered the cottage pie which was sweet and served with a gravy that tasted like raw flour.  I had the fish and chips.  The fish was pretty decent.  We ordered onion rings as an appetizer and they were good but you could see puddles of oil sitting on the plate.  The beer wall concept was cool and they have a large selection of beer.  This is a good place to drink and watch the game but don't go there with an appetite.  The waiting staff was nice but we were never informed of the specials.  We were rushed into paying our bill.  Getting water refills was near impossible.
The Skinny: barely edible dishes - undercooked pie crust that ruined at least 2 dishes, soup that makes Campbell's look gourmet(1); service/ambience: f*(king loud as hell - was texting my hubby sitting across the table, slow dinner service (waited 20+ minutes for a salad and soup), have to admit - servers were nice which is why they deserve at least 2 stars for this (2); value: it's an insult to pay for your food here. Take your well earned dollars and put 'em to use elsewhere (1)  The only thing that made Firkin at least bearable was the knowledge that we paid for our meal mostly with a Groupon deal. Other than that, our experience here was poor.  We came here Monday night during a football game and they had jacked up the volume to ear drum splitting levels. The hubs and I were literally texting across the table because we couldn't hear each other even though we were shouting at the top of our lungs.   We'd come primarily to taste their English pub food and not to imbibe. However I'm thinking the food probably would have tasted better if you were f&*king trashed to hell.  We ordered the Apple Cobbler, Chicken Pot Pie, Tomato Soup, and the Baby Spinach salad. Of the four dishes, the only ones which was vaguely edible was the salad and the soup.   I ordered the baby spinach salad with bacon, tomato, pine nuts and dried cranberries with balsamic dressing ($8.95). The pine nuts were raw. The tomato was mealy. The bacon was served in ungainly large chunks while the dressing was completely generic. But at least this was the most edible thing we ordered.  The tomato soup ($4.95) paled in comparison to good ol' Campbell's soup. It tasted like warmed over ketchup with very little complexity and no basil flavouring to speak of. But again - at least edible.  What wasn't edible was the two items that required pie crust. Undercooked, it was doughy and completely unappetizing in both the chicken pot pie and the apple cobbler. The chicken pot pie's crust was simply not cooked and soggy. Add the gloppy pie filling consisting of macerated chicken pieces, carrots and celery, it made for an unappealing dish.  In the apple cobbler, where the pie crust served as a base, the chef had obviously neglected to pre-bake the crust underneath the pie to actual cook the pastry. Throw in the fact that the crumble topping was not even browned, it was an all around fail.  Perhaps  the only redeeming quality of the place was that the servers were pleasant and they tried to do their best despite the loud noise and the obvious kitchen issues.  Thankfully, we had a Groupon to use at this culinary wasteland and therefore did not pay full price for the items we were served. I pity others who have. For the slow kitchen and poor quality food, this place rates a 2-star and only because our service was okay. Would not recommend.
Go for the beer. It's pretty typical tasting bar food, so unless that's what your looking for, I say skip it. We went on a Sunday, which this time of year is usually busy times for bars with everyone getting their football on. But we pulled up, it looked pretty empty, just a handful of people at the bar cheering on their team of choice. A few more groups showed up during the time we were there but it never got busy. The service was okay, our waitress was patient with our first timer questions. But once the time came for her shift to end she couldn't help bugging us while still eating if we'd like dessert and if we'd mind paying the bill. Then we were pretty much ignored by the next shift, I assumed if we wanted something we now had to go up to the bar. I got some wings, they were good sized and cooked perfect but the sauce was lacking. If you get wings ask for extra sauce. I sampled the Jameson glazed which was sweet, but with hardly any sauce the wings seemed bland. The Sweet chili was my other sauce, not spicy at all but had a nice Asian taste. My hubby tried to order a French Dip but they didn't have any, so he went with a Firkin Burger and garlic fries. The burger was pretty much a dry frozen burger fancied up with toppings. The garlic fries were tasty but I wasn't impressed. Our friends ordered Onion Rings which I got to try, they were big thick batter dipped rings, a tad greasy but still pretty good.  The Beer Wall is a pretty good deal if you're looking to sample different beer. They usually have 10 to choose from, that you can pour yourself. If your a local and plan on drinking a lot or coming back, they have a Beer Wall special. Overall the place was over priced and not all that special, there are more and more bars that have a bevy of brews to chose from.
Chicken wings and beer are my two favorite food groups. Add trivia and I'm a happy guy. I had the pineapple curry and hot wings. Next time I'm sticking with just the pineapple curry. They were pretty good. My girl ordered the BLT and didn't share a bite. Since it had avocado, so I didn't feel too bad about that. A lot of the food is hit or miss, so just stick to the regular stuff and don't get too adventurous. Good experience overall. I'll be back for the wings and beer specials during games.
Yikes, yikes, yikes. Without my Groupon I would have left here a very, very unhappy camper. Luckily, my friend and I were dining on a Groupon I purchased so I just left disappointed and will never be back.  This "English" pub has really no Brit to it, besides the interior and the look of the place, which feels more like it is too big for its own britches. With Americana rock n roll playing overhead and volleyball and basketball playing on the TVs I was having a WTF moment the whole time we dined. Add to that the as always menu you will find anywhere for a "British" establishment in Las Vegas. A majority of the menu is Americana grub food, not British.   Okay, so what about the food? I was highly disappointed in both my choices. I got the clam chowder - hardly a chowder, mostly white congealed broth with clams in it. When it arrived at the table it had a sheen on it, like it had been sitting around all day in a big colander in the back. I had to pepper the hell out of it to get flavor. Next - the "pub dip" - whatever it is called - it sucks. It is a ciabatta type roll with meandering wads of meat pushed into it served with au jus and a horrid tasting horseradish. I don't know what was wrong with the horseradish, but I'm glad I got it on the side. Why serve this sandwich on a ciabatta roll I must ask, why?! A dip should have nice, squishy, soft bread to soak up the au jus! I was severely disappointed with my meal.  My friend has the fish and chips, and the "chips" were fries. Yes, in case you're wondering, "chips" are typically much fatter than the ones they serve at Firkin. She said though that the fish was good, but the batter was a bit heavy.  And lastly - my friend ordered a cider drink and received a Boddington's. Of course, I didn't notice this until she offered the half-drunk drink to me because she said she didn't like it. As I took a big swig, expecting cider, I was awash with the taste of British beer... because I have had Boddington's before. And indeed - there on our receipt it even said one pint of Boddington's. Since the transgression had happened to so long ago, and all I really wanted to do was leave this establishment, which had hardly any patrons in it - we relented and paid our bill.  Never again frickin Firkin. FRICK I wish I'd never come here!
My friends and I are regulars at McMullan's for trivia but we were in the mood to try something new. We heard about the new trivia at Firkin that is on Tuesdays at 7 and were excited to give it a try. They start a little earlier than McMullan's, which is a plus, since it's a work night.   We arrived around 6pm to get a seat and drinks before trivia started. They have happy hour specials that go until 7 as well as other beer specials that run throughout trivia, which is great. I only ordered an iced tea, and I have to say it was terrible. It was very watered down and didn't taste very good at atll. I'll stick with water or beer next time. Our server was attentive and friendly. One complaint on the drinks was that despite the bar not being overly crowded, about an hour in they began serving beers in plastic cups instead of glasses to everyone. I suspect they either don't have enough staff to handle a trivia crowd and turn around on washing dishes or they need to invest in more glasses.   We enjoyed trivia, although McMullan's still has my heart. They miscalculated our scores, but when we brought this to their attention they rectified the situation quickly. The food was just ok. I ordered a basic BLT-A sandwich and devoured it quickly as I was starving. It was good, but really nothing special. My fella ordered the pineapple curry wings and these were the star of the show. I really enjoyed the flavor and look forward to returning just for these. I purchased the Groupon that is available solely to try these wings again. I don't think this place has won us over from McMullan's, but it's an ok choice if you're in the area.
Great place to hang out and drink great beer with friends and family.  The owner was out busing tables and providing great service. Thanks
I found my replacement for BWW!! 50c Wings $2 Coors Light, and $3 Blue Moons for Monday Night Football and AYCE Wings on Wednesdays!! Service was really good, waiter came back as soon as our beers were low. They have pool tables and lil name draws to win prizes. Age was mainly mid 20s when I was there. Good crowd. I will quickly become a regular. Only reason I docked a star is because the sound system for the TVs don't work that well and I didnt try anything except for the wings and beers
Is it weird that Firkin has an urban dictionary definition? Did I ever tell you that I thought I came up with the word Fathlete only to have my hopes and dreams crushed by urban dictionary? Another story for another day...on to Firkin on Paradise.  I've been here a few times for co-workers going away parties. So I'd say the majority of my experiences here have been for beer n' app's. Not too shabby, they do make a pretty mean onion raaang. So when I saw that they were doing a Groupon I jumped at the opportunity.  On a quiet, no plans, just back from vacation, not really feel like hanging out with anyone kind of night my wife and I decided to redeem the Groupon and grab some grub here. We were pleasantly surprised when we walked in and UFC was playing on every TV and blasting over the sound system. It was kind of weird that this was a Saturday night and outside the bar they weren't advertising that they were showing the fight and they had food specials listed Mon-Fri, but nothing on this Saturday night. Huh?   So I went with the chicken strips, which sounded like they were made in similar fashion as the fish n' chips. Whoa, these were world class bad strips. Over cooked, stringy, and a batter that just tasted poor. The waitress was fantastic and took these back and offered to bring me something else. I went with a plain ol' cheeseburger, which was real good. Nothing special, just a good bar burger. My wife went with the parmesan grilled cheese. Here's the problem, they ran out of parmesan bread, so it was a plain grilled cheese. The part I don't understand is that when you run out of an item, why do you just assume that somone won't know that the item isn't as described and serve it anyways? Como que what? It was a decent grilled cheese, every 6yo in the world would have been satisfied. The bread pudding was very good and I would recommend that.   So overall it was a pretty poor dining experience. I would still come here if someone was having a party of sorts, the beer is great, but I wouldn't go out of my way to break bread in this establishment.  Schmeh...
OMG! AMAZING FOOD and AWESOME SERVICE!  The food was AMAZING. The service was above and beyond! The drinks were delicious! And what a variety of BEER! Everything was YUMMY! We had onion rings as an appetizer, Firkin' Burger and Wednesdays they offer all you can eat wings for $12.95. TRY IT! You will get 15 flavors to choose from for the chicken wings, they come 5 at a time. Come here with your significant other or with a group of friends! We came here at about 1 PM on a Wednesday, it wasn't SLOW nor BUSY BUSY, just steady busy. The manager was even helping bring out food, there were two waitresses and a bartender, everyone was SUPER NICE. I cannot say enough. The prices were EXTREMELY REASONABLE. Unfortunately I live in Southern California, but will definitely go #1 in my To Do-List for our next Las Vegas trip, without a doubt.  *Tip! Check-in with Yelp and receive 10% off your bill! Yayy!
Review on restaurant (food) part, not the bar (drinks):   Went here after a Styx concert with a girlfriend of mine. We went around 11pm on a Saturday night and was glad it wasn't loud or crowded (I guess it's just bar people hanging around this time). We ordered two appetizers and shared the Firkin burger. In the past, bar food have always been mediocre which made me think that I shouldn't even bother eating at bars or pubs. However, lately, I've been seeing a trend where bars are definitely upgrading their food quality. The appetizers we got were the sweet potato fries and Irish nachos. Both were pretty good actually, which made me think that it's okay to order one of their entrees. They ran out of fish and chips so I opted for their burger... And I'm actually glad I did. I've never been impressed by burgers since every burger joint tastes the same to me (yeah, sorry) but Firkin's burger was perfection! The meat was cooked and seasoned right and was very juicy. I don't even remember what else went in the burger but everything tasted so good. One thing I do remember is that there was a hint of sweetness in the sauce? I also chose the garlic fries as a side. It smelled and tasted so garlic-y and I didn't find out why until I was halfway done and noticed real minced garlic pieces on the bottom. I don't know about you, but this impressed me since they didn't just used garlic flavoring and sprinkled it on top of the fries but they actually cooked it with garlic to give its flavor. Even without a Groupon deal, I wouldn't mind going back here.
First thing we notice when we walked in was that we would not be able to have a conversation. The TVs are so obscenely loud, I don't care what you are watching there is no need to have to scream to the person sitting next to you. Its not a  night club, turn the volume down. The service is very poor here. The waitress are obviously hired for looks not common sense. We were pounced on for our drink orders only to wait 10 minutes to be served water. By the time she returned with 3 drinks, 2 of which were beer, she just plopped them down with a confused look we guessed which beer was which. We got used to confused blonde merely setting things down and then us rearranging who got what. The garlic fries were good but everything else was okay. Fish and chip portions were small, the fish was smaller than the chicken tenders.  As far as a pub, its just a bar covered in tvs, that serves some British beers. There is nothing British about the menu, or the experience.  Being British, I have given up on finding anything remotely close to home. Save some money and go eat at any casino cafe, its the same food.  None of the 4 people I went with will be returning. What a shame.
Chain bar food. Mediocre service. Nothing stands out. If you're hungry or need a drink in a pinch...but there are better options across the street.
My wife and I were driving southbound on Paradise after visiting the strip. We saw this British Pub and decided to go in for a late lunch on a Sunday, so there were a few people in the bar/restaurant drinking beer, eating food, and watching the late games.  We were helped right away and told to sit wherever we wanted. We were provided with our menus and decided to just drink water. The waitress was friendly, but kind of quirky. She was an outstanding water water-re filler (one of the best ever actually)  I ordered the curry chicken and my wife ordered a blue-cheese hamburger. The waitress returned a few minutes later and informed me they were out of the chicken curry. I chose the Chicken Marsala instead.  We waited about 20 minutes when our food arrived. We observed the wait staff and it seemed the waitstaff were a bit disorganized in that we had a couple different waitresses helping us and we noticed some other patrons seemingly being ignored for an extended period of time after their arrival.  The food was really good actually, considering it's a "British Pub." We did notice a weird thing at the bar behind us. One of the bartenders was making a mixed beverage in front of a patron. She asked the patron if he wanted to taste the drink. He said he did and she allowed him to sip some of the beverage from the straw. She then removed the straw from the drink, discarded it, replaced the straw, then served the drink to another patron on the other side of the bar. We thought this was kind of unprofessional and potentially unsanitary.  Anyway, we thought this place was not bad and has a lot of room to be successful in that they can be a sports bar with all the nice HDTVs, all the space, and the play on words with the "Firkin'" name.
What the Firk?! When you have had a few drinks, the amount of fun you can have using the word "Firkin" is pretty endless.  After another firkin amazing Yelp event at Monster Mini Golf, a few of us made our way over to Firkin on Paradise for some grub. Few quick notes:  -Friendly firkin service -Cool firkin atmosphere -Good firkin food  Ok... I'll stop firkin around now. Seriously... food was tasty and the place is clean. Server was very friendly. No complaints here. I don't live on that side of town so odds on me going back are slim but if I'm in the area I would definitely consider going back.  Bonus that they have darts, pool and shuffleboard!
I thought it might be too good to be true, this great-looking restaurant/pub, but after three visits I must say I love everything about it.  AYCE jumbo wings for $12? Amazing. And good sauces, too. My favorites being Bourbon Chipotle and a custom mix of Bourbon Chipotle with Suicide (just ask for it). Heat and sweet can't be beat!  Nice big HDTVs, fun high-top bar seating as well as booths with a scoping view of the corner of Harmon Avenue and Paradise Road.   Diverse clientele, an interesting mix of out-of-towners and locals. Cool vibe, and pleasant staff. Wish this place were in my neighborhood!
Went here because of the Groupon and because I heard an ad on the radio decided I wanted to try it.  As a chef and a beer lover, I rather enjoy trying these British pubs.  The first thing we saw when we walked in was a member of the staff taking an irish car bomb with some customers.  Afterwards, my friend and I waited at least 30 minutes at a table for a drink before we decided to sit at the bar.  The waiter came over and blamed the long wait on the bartenders.  Once there, the bartenders were nice, however they were a bit uneasy which makes them seem unfriendly.  The Manager stood at the end of the bar the whole night, which I didn't really see him do anything.  He could have touched tables or something.  The ambiance was ok.  It isn't exactly an authentic pub but there are TVs and layout is decent.  It is a modern american twist on a British pub which I would honestly have preferred for them to pick one or the other because the attempt comes off as very tacky.  We ate the Irish nachos, which were pretty good.  It is actually just cheese fries but it was a creative name.  It is a shame that the service was poor, I would have liked to try some more of their food.  However, I don't see my self coming back any time soon.
I came here on a Groupon during Thursday Night Football and they had a radio station giving out bunch of freebies including movie tickets, tickets to NASCAR and sporting events, etc.  There weren't many people here so all of my friends ended up winning prizes.  The food specials were ridiculously cheap and they had $1 PBR - can't complain there.   However the fish and chips were very dissapointing and I would expect more with their background and how much they promote their fish n chips.       Service was great but my friends kept commenting on how obese the servers are.  All I could think about was Fergie's song, "Big Gurls don't cry"   Hey I had a good time and there's nothing wrong with a little heavyweight loven!
I'm disappointed.   I love the decor, atmosphere. The English pub style and lounge area are beautiful.   The food however, is horrible. I had the Wings, Firkin burger, Irish nachos and Mac & Cheese with Ham, over two visits. The Firkin burger was terrible. Undercooked and just not tasty. You think a burger named after the pub should be the best thing made. Irish nachos were plain and microwaved. The Mac & Cheese was one of the worst things I've ever eaten. Not in just Vegas but my entire life. This was and is the last thing I will eat at the Firkin. The wings were good but the over use of heat lamps at this establishment is one of many complaints.  The staff is uninterested in serving their customers. However Kimberly is amazing and wasn't even our server.   The beer is above average. DFH 60min is old and they're out of some beers on their list, but they try.   I've been to many bars, and pubs but I will never frequent the Firkin.   Kimberly and the attempt at craft beer have earned you another star you do not deserve.
Came here twice in a month. First visit I had the fish n chips which was perfectly cooked and battered. The fried outside wasn't too greasy, was light and crunchy. The cod on the inside was nice and thick to offer enough bite to the fish so you don't feel like you're actually eating a fish stick. The peach cobbler takes a little time to bake as they make everything from scratch using fresh peaches. When asked how fresh is it, our waiter said "it's so fresh we don't milk the cow for the ice cream and we don't grow the peaches", and gave a big smile. I really like places where the servers give a bit of humor.   The 2nd visit I had a groupon and the boyfriend and I got 3 entrees for 2 of us. We had bangers and mash which was so good I am never going back to Hofbrauhaus for sausage. Another entree was the Jameson grilled salmon, man that was good! The salmon is fresh, not frozen as it was still juicy and moist on the inside and wasn't even overcooked or dry on the outside. The Jameson sauce has a sweet onion taste to it, but it's not overly sweet or sugary, it's just enough to enhance the flavor of the salmon. The chicken pot pie had a super flaky and crispy crust with wonderfully cooked chicken inside. I was expecting hard chicken cubes like I normally get from overcooked chicken pot pies, but this one was really impressive as the chicken was in large enough chunks to taste like chicken and they were moist.   With a wide array of beers and gourmet food at an affordable price, especially from a college student, I want to be back to check out the beer specials. I forgot to mention they also show UFC fights on their many tv's. Who needs to travel to Britain when the best stuff is here in Vegas?
A local friend I was meeting up with for lunch suggested this place and I thought it was pretty darn good! Located in a rather nondescript strip mall off the main drag, it met all the expectations one might have of any Americanized British sports pub, with union jacks galore, pool tables, TVs playing all manner of sports, and waitresses in tight t-shirts. The menu similarly follows suit, with British-y things like Cottage Pie mixed in amongst the usual burgers, sandwiches, etc. I went for their tuna melt and garlic fries, and my friends ordered a mac n cheese and cottage pie. My tuna melt was perfectly good and satisfying, all crispy on the outside with lots of tuna goodness on the inside (plus jalapenos--I always get that as an extra). The fries were also good, nicely fried with fresh garlic, wow. My friend's mac n cheese looked absolutely decadent, and the cottage pie was so cute with its little white tufts of mashed potatoes on top. Overall a fine time at Firkin; it's a friendly relaxed place and they have a Yelp check in deal--10% off your bill from 11-3.
I had the best fish and chips I've ever had in my life.  The batter was light.  The fish was sweet and flaky. Even the fries were on point.   As a starter we had the chicken wings. They weren't oozing with sauce (which I like) and they were good sized wings. I loved how they cooked them: crunch on the outside and piping hot! I can't freaking stand soggy wings...  The service was pretty pimp too. The server was friendly and informative. The bussers were very attentive. All in all, I'm hooked!
We went out friday night to meet a couple friends and use my Groupon which was just a few days from expiring. Pleasantly suprised! The bar was lively but not horribly loud, which was nice. We were greted and seated promptly and chose the serve yourself beer(2 pints you pour yourself for $12) The beer was fresh and cold and the novelty of pouring your own was kinda cool   I had a really fine order of fish n chips, maybe the best I've ever had here in town. Light and crispy with perfectly flaky fish...it was perfect! My girl had chicken strips and they were really good also. My buddy got meatloaf, mashed potatoes and veggies- he also seemed pleased.   They have a few pool tables, shuffleboard and also a cool little lounge area with oversized chairs and comfy couches. For a restaraunt clearly aimed at tourists, I gotta say i was very satisfied with the service, the food and the experience overall. And again, top notch fish n chips...
My new favorite spot for British pubs. The food is decent. Drink is affordable compared to other prices on the strip yet close to the strip. Check out their Tuesday specials. I had a fun time with friends here.
I feel bad. I wanted so badly to like this place but I just am not sure. The bartender was amazing. He truly was remarkable. We walked in on a Monday for my birthday around dinner time and it was basically dead in there. The decor is nice but we stood there for a minute or two waiting for someone to even greet us. Finally the bartender came over and left the bar just to seat us. The host/waitress walked by our table after this several times and she didn't say anything to us. Finally the bartender comes back over and takes our order and finds out it's my birthday. He brings birthday shots for free to the table for me and my partner which was awesome. But we waited about 25 minutes for the food. The original firkin burger was AWESOME. However, the nachos were disgusting. It was like a mound of cheese sauce poured on the nachos and it instantly got cold. Plus they cost more than the burger. The place was freezing inside. Because it was so cold our food got cold fast. Thankfully we had a Groupon so at least we didn't pay full price. If it was for the bartender I would never go back.  This is right next to KISS mini golf and if its your birthday you have got to go! Kiss golf made it so awesome for me!
I so wanted to like this place yet with the experiences and the pub food not really having a lot of "English" dishes, I have to say it's just okay.  Came in yesterday to meet a group of friends for Trivia and it was BOGO until 7pm.  Before Trivia started there were few people there dining and service was great; waitress seemed to be right on top of it. As time approached to Trivia, things got bad. The sound system was not loud enough for people to hear. Drink orders were being delayed, food took a while and then waitress would not come back for some time to even check on us.   The food was OKAY, I ordered the fish and cips (niblets) and Pizza. The fish and cips are delicious and as for the pizza; had to request that they brown the crust due to my friend's order being too doughy.  When the bill came to pay apparently orders got messed up, it could have been the three wait staff members trying to help out during Trivia or missmanagement of taking orders correctly.  Hoping that this was a fluke and wont have to resort to going to Three Angry Wives Pub in Summerlin area.
Fish and chips is slamming. Garlic fries are with real garlic..this was awesome!  Kristen is great. Staff is beyond wonderful.  Great atmosphere.  Will be coming back. Wish we had one in Philly
Used a groupon. $13 fish and chips. $10 cheeseburger. $4 beer special. Grilled lemon was a nice touch. Staff is super cool.
This is a Vegas Hidden Gem.  Not only do they coupon, but the happy hour and other deals were just amazing.  On top of that the food was to die for.  We ate here twice during our last trip and could not get enough of it.  Great beer recs and the best fish and chips my son has ever had.  My wife loved the glazed salmon (also recommended) by the waiter and I can vouch for the wings (totally legit & hot means hot).    The waitstaff was very attentive and this place is squeaky clean.  It is tucked away in a strip shopping center and can be easy to miss (look for the Kiss mini-golf).  Is it really an English pub, I can't vouch for that...but the food and drinks kick a**.  On my list of must do's in Vegas!
This place is really Firkin good. Had driven by the place for awhile now and always wanted to try it. So we stop by and was really impressed by. From m the chicken wings to the fish and chips the food was good. The ambiance is also cool. One of Vegas hidden gems. Definitely coming back to watch some sporting events.
I am going to bump up Firkin today because I honestly cannot find any fault with them.  I have been in a few times now.  I have tried the fish'n'chips, the Guiness steak and mushroom pie, Mama's meatloaf, calamari, onion rings, and Irish nachos.  It has all been fantastic.  The meatloaf is frilled and tastes like steak.  The tartar sauce is so good my dad says he could eat it with a spoon and nothing else.  The fish is big pieces and perfectly fried leaving the fish inside tender and flaky while the batter is crunchy.  It is all so good.  Equally impressive is the staff.  Always professional.  Always personable.  It is a beautiful restaurant on the inside.  The bar is amazing.  The beer selection is extensive.  I am telling everybody I know about Firkin.  Vegas locals and out of towners take note, Firkin is a place you really ought to stop into at least once.
Good place to hit before the UNLV games.  Good food and of course fun crowd with great beers.
It's supposed to be a British pub, right? But, nothing about the interior or the food screamed British to me. Of course my experience might be different than most because I was with a group (about 20ish?) for a friend's birthday. A set amount was paid, we were seated at a long row of high-top tables, given wristbands, and were subsequently spoiled with  an all you can drink/all you can eat extravaganza.   The AYCD portion included all drafts, well drinks, and house wine. They've got a decent mix of imports and domestics -- most of which you've probably heard of or tasted elsewhere. The food they brought out was typical bar food. Sliders, wings, onion rings, spinach artichoke dip, potato skins... like I said, nothing that would make me think of a British pub. Unless, of course, southwest egg rolls originated across the pond. I didn't look at their menu so for all I know it's full of fish and chips, bangers and mash, and other British favorites. For bar food, it was decent. The sliders were the best of the bunch.   While the food wasn't revolutionary, the service was. Plates were cleared quickly, plenty of food was brought out for everyone with lots left behind, bartenders were friendly, and the manager stopped by frequently to check up on things. All in all it was a good experience. We all had a great time, especially the birthday girl.
Went there yesterday for their superbowl party which is tied in with another favorite restaurant Casa Di Amore off Trop. anyway they had all you can eat and drink. not bad and they had a great selection of beers on tap and mixed drinks and wine. food was oK as it was made for the masses. the other day when I ate there the food was really good. great service and location so its a new place to hang out at when i am staying at the Hard Rock
I visited this place for the first time through Groupon purchase. My boyfriend and I visited around lunch time on the weekday. It wasn't  crowded at all, so the service was very good. I don't know about night time and weekend though.  We ordered "Homemade Tomato Soup", "Traditional Fish 'n' Chips", and "Mama's Meatloaf." They were wonderful. The soup was great. Meatloaf is one of my favorite food. The meatloaf here is the best I've ever had. Fish n Chips are also very good. Fish was cooked to perfection, tender. The batter has great flavor.   They had pretty good beer selections as well.   Next time when I am in town, I will visit this place again. It is a nice hang out place.
Checking out Firkin On Paradise, we were swayed away from their regular menu because of their Tuesday offering: AYCE Chicken Wings at $12.95 per person!  (It's usually $9.95/lb.)  And when you take advantage of their AYCE wings, you can also get $1 PRBs!   The Husband and I tried a few flavors - Bourbon Chipotle, Parmesan Garlic, Cajun, Southern Fried, Pineapple Curry, and Buffalo.  Sadly, we weren't blown away by any of the flavors and most were along the sweet end.  I wish the Parmesan garlic had more of a garlicky taste.  It was all served with their Firkin Dip, which pretty much tasted like Ranch dressing.  The wings were served super hot and there was a generous amount of meat on them, so that's definitely a plus.  Because it's made to order, it's probably best to put your next order in once the first order comes out.  That way you aren't waiting as long in between each round.  We probably wouldn't do the AYCE chicken wings again though.  On another visit, we both finally ordered off their regular menu.  * The Butler "An 8 oz USDA Flatiron Steak served with asparagus and with whipped potatoes." ($13.95) - The steak was rather under-seasoned, which was apparent by all the Worcheshire sauce I was dumping on it.  The whipped potatoes could have used more butter, perhaps I just expected more butter?  * Traditional Fish N Chips "Crispy Alaskan Cod hand-battered with our Exclusive Pub-made Beer Batter.  Served with Fries, Tangy Tartar Sauce and a Grilled Lemon." One Piece $10.95 or Two Pieces $13.95 - The Husband went for the two pieces and what a great choice it was.  It was some really good fish and chips!  And we were also able to substitute the fries with garlic fries, which were also super yummy.  I probably enjoyed more of his meal than my own!  Overall, the food was alright, with the exception of the fish n chips (which is probably what we'd go back for).  Service was fine - it seemed like they worked as a team since many hands touched our table.  (The waiter/waitress took our beverage and food order, the busboys brought out the food, etc.)  We chose to sit at the tables by the bar instead of a booth so we could watch the TVs.  They have a unique beer card, similar to what we seen at a wine bar.  Basically you pay for a card of a certain denomination, but you can sample a little bit of each beer they have on tap.  You can take a little or a lot and it just deducts from your card.  Useful when you just want to sample a bit of everything.  It's self-service and along the back.  They do have happy hour specials along with a decent drink menu with prices listed.  One other thing - no hot water in the restroom?!
Last nite, we went to Firkin again to play trivia and this time I was pleasantly surprised by the food!  I read the reviews FIRST (this time, anyway) and ordered what was so highly rated by others- the fish n chips.  Nice sized portion (I got the two piece, I believe it was $13.95, rather than the one piece at $10.95) not too much breading and juicy yummy fish.  Even the fries which would normally be "chips" were delish.  Also ordered the salmon after reading the good reviews on it and my BF liked it alot, I thought it was too overly sweet.  Caesar salad was good, but unremarkable.  Just romaine, croutons and dressing, not much to say about it.  Service was good last nite, too, although I could have used a couple more refills of my iced tea.  We were a table of six and everyone's food came out at the same time, so kudos to the wait staff/kitchen staff on that one!  Like others have said, the guy calling out the trivia questions just cannot be heard and we were really close to him!  They need to invest in a better sound system or something so us old farts can hear the questions better.  All in all, I am giving it 4 stars today, which is about 2 more than they would have earned from me in all the previous visits there.  Try the fish and chips!
We ate dinner here on our last night in Vegas. The only reason we went here was because it was walking distance to the hotel. I am SO glad it was close needless to say! The staff was amazing. The decor was warm, comforting, and inviting. The food and beer selection was what sold us completely.  My husband found a beer that he used to drink but it is not available in our current area. I ordered the mac and cheese with ham. Oh wow. It was so very good. It was not like regular mac and cheese. The cheese sauce was different - but a good different! The husband ordered the chicken pot pie and that was amazing. I took a few bites and it was perfect. If we had known about Firkin beforehand we would have eaten there again before leaving!!!
They serve my favorite kind of fries!! The beer selection is well above average.   While it's not perfect, I am very happy that they are trying!! Firkin is dressed as a modern UK/Irish Pub, but it's a Vegas bar in & out. Everything is an imitation of something you love, but they don't try to hide it.  In our time there, we head back to back Rolling Stones, Led Zeplin, Queen and more classic rock... Can't beat that.
Great place for fish and chips. lots of daily specials, love the fishlets and chips. they have blue moon and pyramid hefe on tap if you are into the wheats. lots of others on tap. they also have a serve yourself beer wall in the game room (inquire within.) have always receive great service. Hostess has a sense of humor, couple walks in door. no one in the place except us and the bartender. They ask if they can get a table. hostess looks around and says something should be cleared up in about 15 minutes. guy looks around and with a puzzled tone in his voice and asks "really?" she laughs and says of course not and takes them to a table. we of course laughed out loud. fun place.
Visited Firkin several weeks ago before a Thomas and Mack event for some pre-show drinking and dining.  There was some sort of construction/remodeling happening within so they opened late that day, but we only had to wait a few minutes before being let in.  What a great looking place.  Loved the decor throughout, particularly the wood flooring and the magnificent looking bar.  Maybe this is what all bars look like at 3pm and no customers (not a situation I'm used to), but no, seriously, they can't look this good.  Then again it's only been open for a few months, so don't blame me if you visit there in 2023 based on this review and find the walls and floors covered in various dried body fluids.  Plus they use some Banksy artwork on the menu, and you can't go wrong with Banksy in my book  I immediately started with a black and tan because I tend to forget about its existence wherever its not listed, so I always get excited when I see it on a menu and it pokes my memory as to how delicious they are.  This was further confirmed by this Firkin visit.  As for food I shared an order of onion rings with friends, and they were delicious.  Very heavily battered which is the way I like it.  I got one that didn't even have a damn onion in it and I still scarfed it down with reckless abandon.  I will say I almost am never disappointed in onion rings unless they're small and over-fried from say like burger king.    I also tried the Firkin Burger based on what I thought were several positive reviews here on Yelp.  Now scouring through them I don't see as many as I thought were there.  Anyway, this was a pretty big disappointment for me.  Perhaps I'm spoiled by my neighborhood Bachi Burger which probably makes up 80% of all of my burger dining experiences nowadays, but I thought it wasn't very well seasoned and just tasted average in general.  The fries that accompanied it (because what I really need in my life are more fries) were tasty.  To finish off our pre-eventing, we did a round of Jameson shots (nothing says Ballet like Jameson shots!   Okay so I was going to see the WWE).   Had a quick chat with the bartender who brought us said shots.   From the waitress to the bartender everyone was friendly and the service was fast and efficient.   Overall I'd say a 3 for the food, but the service and atmosphere make it an easy 4 overall.
Terri R had one day left to take care of her Groupon for Firkin On Paradise.  So, this is where we ended up for dinner.  I admit, I had this bookmarked a couple of months ago and ended up dropping it off my list due to just the average reviews.  But when a meal is basically going to be free, it really doesn't hurt to try.   We came in on a Friday night and this place was surprisingly not busy.  Considering it's fairly close to the strip and near the Hard Rock, I expected more people.  We were seated right away and even though the service was good, our waiter must have been a newbie because there was a lot that he didn't know and had to ask for assistance.  I didn't have an issue with this so I will leave service with just good.    As for their food, all I can really say is it's just a pub with pub type food.  Nothing really on the menu caught my eye, but the prices weren't bad so I'm not complaining. Besides, the meal was pre-paid via Terri's Groupon.  Still Lenting, I had their Seamus' Crispy Fish Sandwich and a bowl of Clam Chowder.  The chowder didn't wow me.  It tasted like your basic Campbell's Soup chowder.  As for their fish sandwich, it's basically one piece of a battered fried fish put inside a bun.  I was starving so I ended up eating the whole thing. It's not bad, especially for the price.  I just don't see myself going out of my way to eat here.     If you're coming to Firkin On Paradise, keep in mind that this is a pub first, restaurant second.  In other words, come here to hang out and get your drink on.  By the way, I still would consider Steiner's food over Firkin on Paradise.
It's a Vegas bar that's more like bars in other cities if you know what I mean. That's actually a good thing. The beer selection was nice, food pretty good. A lot of college kids in here when I went.   BUT.. When I was here I had a waiter spill an entire beer on me. Like an entire beer dropped off his tray and landed on my shoulder/back. He was apologetic, etc but all he got me was a free beer. Look I'm not a dude who ties to scheme free stuff but come on man. Get my table a round for my suffering or at least comp an app or two; we ordered a few.   Normally that knock would be enough to give a 2-star but I did like this place other than the beer shower. Go here, drink here, eat here, but bring a rain coat..
The fish and chips is what brings me back here. I know it's also a pub but I can't speak on any of the beers, only  the food. If you are planning on eating here I would highly recommend the fish and chips. I tried the meat pie and it was good.   We ordered: The Meat Pie - Good but the fish was better as far as authenticity.  Fish and Chips - 2 pieces of the best fried fish ever and fries. Authentic.  Chicken Wings - Sold by the pound unless it's happy hour - LOTS of choices of sauces, we ordered Terriyaki and Pineapple Curry. The teriyaki wasn't special but he curry sauce was good. Mild.  Flat Iron Steak - listed as a specialty of theirs. It was good. I would probably stick with the fish being it's a pub.   It's a great place and the food is good. If you are a beer drinker, this could be your heaven.
Cool place and great prices. Awesome specials on beers a fun room with lots of TVs for watching sports and great comfortable leather chairs and couches to watch sports. I had the black bean burger and as veggie burgers go it was pretty tasty.   The bartender and I had a good chat Aussie fella and I have to say I will come back to this place.
I bought a Groupon for this place months ago and then, bam, before I knew it, time had passed and it was about to expire. It was worth $30 and I didn't want that to go to waste, so Mel C. and I ate there on the last day it was valid.  The place was pretty empty for a Friday late afternoon and most of the people who were there were at the bar.  I ended up ordering a tuna sandwich and it was just okay.  Neither Mel nor I were that impressed with our food.  It's probably a great place to watch a game or drink if that's what you're looking for, but I wouldn't come here just for the food.
I came in once awhile back with my husband..food was great, drinks were cheap, and service was awesome. We came back today with some visiting friends...it took 15 minutes for someone to even acknowledge  the three of us with a very unheartfelt apology..the kitchen is also apparently closed which was the entire reason we came..probably not coming back. What a disappointment...it seems like they are actively trying to go out of business.
After 3 dining visits with my wife and once with a friend for his birthday lunch , I feel confident saying that this place Firkin, rocks and shocks you with the overall experience . From the greeting to the eating , every person in service has great manners and knowledge with natural appeal . NOT PHONY. My wife and I are both in the service industrial complex as well and fully appreciate the craft that Firkin service has mastered . The kitchen has plus plus attention to freshness , quality of taste and presentation with emphasis on particulars such as accompaniments to the dishes weather it be malt vinegar with the fish n chips or a suggestion of sweet potato fries that are amaze craze . My momma ordered the pineapple curry wings as one of her choices for the all you can eat chicken wings and surprised me when she raved about them . By far no disappointment from the kitchen . The food servers have all treated us very special and we all agree that Jennifer W. is swift and sweet . I enjoy that  firkin chose coca cola to offer and wifey likey the specialty drinks like Queen of hearts . The dining room design and fun side, like the shuffleboard and  wi-fi are a nice touch as well .We have lived and dwelled in this neighborhood for quite some time and are most excited about the Firkin addition .  Keep it up youz guys and ladies . Word up ! Say I Frankie Nikelz.
We tried to get in on 3 Mondays between noon & 1 PM, but the doors aren't open, no hours posted, no info on the website & no message on the phone; deliveries were being accepted at the back door. The online coupons offer discounts from 11 - 3, but are they even open? Originally went on a Tuesday, and the food was amazing, especially the fish & chips!!!
Went again and they had an awesome AYCE wing special, as well as $3 Heine's.  I'm not a big Heinekken fan (don't even know if that's how you spell it, to be honest), but the beer was cold, the glasses clean, and the wings were great.  And, while I'm on here, I want to give a shout out to the servers.  I love these guys.  They're polite, courteous, funny, and are extremely attentive.  Even while the place was packed, we still weren't without service.  I really think that makes the place great.  Our server the past couple times we were in was a red haired guy with a goatee.  Forget the guy's name, but he's always on top of things.  Even the bussers make sure the table is cleared of clutter.  Kudos, gents!
Brought friends here for dinner when they came to Las Vegas. I've been here before and really liked the fish and chips. Everything came out and was good as usual except for my wife's Shepard's pie. It tasted funny and was nowhere close to good. Unfortunately the waitress NEVER came back to check on us or our drink orders? My wife ended up sharing my order of fish and chips and not eating her order. Never any questions from the staff and when the waitress finally showed face everyone else was done and looking for more drinks, so we were out the price for her uneaten meal. I would go back, but would strictly stick to the fish and chips. Also, it was screaming ass loud in there that night.
The service is always great here!! The servers are so friendly and are always on top of everything. The first time I went to Firkin I ordered the chicken wings. They were super chewy and not very crispy (I like my wings well done). I would never order the wings again. But I gave the place another chance and I was pleasantly surprised. The Original Firkin Burger is excellent and the fish and chips are pretty tasty too! They had a great check-in for 10% off your bill and our server ended up giving us 15% off because my friend's burger was undercooked. So all in all pretty good experience.
I stopped by here because I heard tell of Irish nachos made with waffle fries.  I've had better.  The serving size was pretty small.  And it was just cheese, green onions, bacon, and sour cream.  Who puts bacon on nachos?  They were more like haphazard potato skins. The Irish nachos I crave from Callahan's have refried beans, jalapenos, salsa, etc.  I also had a blue cheese and steak salad which was so so.  On the plus side, the server/bartender had a great accent and adeptly managed the entire restaurant on his own.  And they had Innis & Gunn Irish Whiskey Cask on tap, which was super yummy!  Their beer list isn't all that impressive to me, but ask... they have some gems hidden back there.  All in all, good for drinking but not a gastropub by any stretch of the imagination.  It's just typical bar food.
I like this place alot. They have great specials and a cool environment. I'm a big fan of the Irish nachos with waffle fries. They're delicious. You can also play pool which is nice and they get the soccer games. Ill be back to this place, we always have fun here.
I went here for a firends birthday. Grabbed a taste of the Wyder's Pear Cider and fell in love. Great college spot near UNLV. Decent pricing. And they also have a pool table and a shuffle board game.
Our waiter was great but hey he was the only one there and the food.   I ordered fish n chips and the fish was like rubber.  Tried taking a bite but could not cut it with my teeth or knife.........
I came here on the recommendation from a resident at my work. I warned him that if I went- I'd write a review. An honest review. Well lets just say 3 stars is being nice because I was undecided between 2 and 3. The outstanding service from our waitress is why it's 3. And because I'd return alone for the chicken wings. A place with wings this good doesn't deserve 2 stars. Go for the garlic parmesan. Although there are a bunch of unique flavors like pineapple curry. (Not that brave)  We ordered a meat pie style dish and chicken piccata.  I'm sorry friend if you're reading this but it was the absolute worst chicken piccata I've ever tasted. The meat pie was decent, but there was not enough meat for the potatoes and veggies.    On a positive note, another thing I'd return for is the Bloody Mary! Oh yeah she hooked it up nice and spicy with olives n all! Well done cute waitress in the 49ers shirt. I won't hold your team against you with bar skills like that!  Ill see you again for wings & drinks!
How can you not love this place if you're a UNLV student and/or you frequent this area?   Their beer selection is pretty great, and they've got most of the major English and Irish brews.  Their food is pretty good, especially the sweet chili wings (amazing!).   All of the bartenders and staff are friendly and helpful and I've always had a really great time! The drink prices might seem a little steep, but they almost always have some type of special running, including college night (all you can drink for $20), great happy hour, and lots of discounts for UNLV students.   I really like the way Firkin is set up with the bar to the left and some areas for games and other couch seating to the right as well as some hourly beer taps!   This is a great spot to hit before and after the Rebel games because the atmosphere is wonderful and always full of Rebel fans!
Stopped in today on a Wednesday. Nice atmosphere, but if you're not local, it's hard to get the bartender's attention. If you don't want the traffic from the hotel, don't locate next to the hotel...
Good Beer. Burgers that are perfect. Excellent service (Matt). Need I say more? It was just what we needed after a day out. I started out with a Black and Tan because I couldn't make up my mind between a Guinness and a Bass. The custom made black and bleu burger was cooked perfectly. Matt, our server, kept us fed and watered and it was perfect. They have something for everyone, especially if you like really good beer on tap.   GO THERE! It's right across from the Hard Rock and it's nice to get away from crazy places in LV and chill with good brew and excellent food.
Food is a 6.5, prices score an 8. But where they are consistant is service, it is consistantly a 3.  They just don't get it. Their best people work when it's slow, the worst when it's busy, cleanliness is missing the mark.  And when people leave after having an empty drink glass for 10 minutes, it isn't because they are done, it's because they've had enough poor service and are going somewhere else!
I love firkin- you can always get a table. Good options for bar food and the best part is the unending list of tap beers. Nothing fancy but a great place to hang out and catch the game.
Really good burger. Cooked and seasoned perfectly. The chicken fingers were delicious. Fries were just ok, but portions were plentiful, yet not too much. There was only one person working the bar and floor during the time that I was there. It took a few minutes to get service, but once we did, all was well. Went there before a show at the Hard Rock. Great location...Great place to watch sports with all of the TVs. Viewing of TVs is limited if you sit in a booth, Overall great experience. I'll definitely go back.
Service here is consistent, consistantly ignored and neglected that is. Leaving my empty glass to go eat across the street!
Met up with some friends here for UFC 162. Cover was $5 which included a raffle ticket . Fun part was one of the folks I was with won a $25 gift certificate to come bk another time plus $100 for car tint at some place which I think is pretty AWESOME!  Why? did I only give 3 stars? Well first I arrived a bit late and not once did a waitress come up to the table and ask if I wanted anything . I was with about 6 other people yet for the hour and half I was there she didn't check in but once to close the tab by that time  I had already gone off to the bar . A very friendly british guy was behind the bar he noticed me walk up right away even with the crowd and he even called me "hunny" which ill take over ma'am anyday !  The venue was pretty nice to watch the fight and the place had decent amount of space . Lots of TVs to choose from to see the show . Downside was they didn't turn on subtitles and it was impossible to hear any of the commentary.  I can't speak to the food but the beer was flowing and it was a nice vibe just wish the waitress was friendlier! She refused to split my friends tab which I understand in her mind its too hard otherwise but making people do math to split everything is just no fun! And mostly hurt her in the long run cause it def took points off of her tip.
I'm really disappointed in this place. I come to Vegas for work a lot and stay across the street. I went in here with a few friends around 11pm and we sat at a table in the bar area. The bartender told us he didn't have a server so we would have to walk up to the bar to order. Annoying!! Really? He couldn't run us a few drinks and a few plates of food?  There was hardly anyone in the bar. I'll never understand why bartenders treat people who come in late night like they've never been in a bar before. Horrible service. I'll just keep going to the Hard Rock instead.
After not being able to buy liquor at a bar the night before then not being able to get a drink at Hard Rock to save our lives we and after nearly thinking we may end up at Kiss (which apparently is golf not a bar) we stumbled across Firkin. So happy we did! Great drinks, great bartender Matt was just awesome! Definitely was what we needed after the last two places.
Chicken wings are excellent, but not good enough to counter the terrible service. Three times I've been here, and each time I had to get up and go find a waitress. This time she was so intent on flirting with a guy whose every other word was a loud F#@k that she had no clue anybody else was in the place. I guess you have to be under 30 to really appreciate bad service. Not for me.
Wow. Biggest waste of time in Vegas!!!! Bad food and NOBODY in there.....   Those other reviews have to have come from employees because this place is a joke. SO many other better choices. Trust me
Great service, great food, cosy atmosphere.  From the moment we walked in we felt welcome, at ease and we were definitely well fed. My hoarse throat was noticed and some prosecco was offered, which was a nice touch.  After a vegetarian mezze platter, we then had a lovely red wine with our "Big Cow" (essentially a giant board with a big 600g steak, bag of fries and some small sides).  Dessert was a gorgeous brioche and butter pudding, and my partner had a dessert as well, but I can't remember what it was - he definitely enjoyed it however.  Perfectly cosy for our anniversary, and while more than we would normally spend on dinner out (we've had a low income for a while), it was a special occasion and well worth it.  We'll go back for sure.
Hhhhh
Went here with my friends to test out the new taster menu before the official launch of Three Birds. (Half-off, woo!)  First impressions: Similar layout to the previous restaurant Le Mouton Noir, but a bit lightened up. Great intimate and cosy vibes with approximately 9 tables. Also worth mentioning that the staff are all delightful and really knowledgable to the new menu. You would have thought they had been working there for a while.   The menu looked delectable, and as a result we took some time in deciding. Our waitress was very attentive and enjoyed answering our questions with enthusiasm.   There was a great mix on the menu. There is a decent selection of bites/sides along with starters and mains (about 4 or so) with a few specials on the boards.   We went for:   - Pigs ears with salt and aioli (see photo) - Large Vegetarian Mezze platter with goodies such as curried lentils, kimchi, oatcakes and hummus, pickled egg with beetroot, some sort of beetroot coleslaw, amazing spicy sweet potato cakes, and Asian cucumber. All displayed on a wooden board to share. (see photo)  - The special of oxcheeks with a star anise jus. This was a bit small. The portion was lacking for the price.   Mains we got:  - Eggs ontop of tomato sauce with pine nuts, goats cheese, and flat bread. This was delicious, really enjoyed it as an interesting lunch. Nice and hot and presented in a frying pan (see photo)  - Chicken thigh with rocket and tomato slices. It was expected that we pita chips in the salad were to be crispy, however they arrived a bit soggy. There was also an absence of balsamic on the salad, when the menu clearly stated the dressing was to contain my friend's favourite vinegar. Though, the waitress promptly brought over a small carafe with balsamic to drizzle atop the chicken salad when asked. Was a struggle to cut the chicken into smaller pieces because the bowl was quite small, however the flavours were an appealing balance of lemon with sweetness of the tomatos. - Smoked mackerel on a baguette. Looked delightful however could have used an extra piece of bread. A bit small for a main.   Overall I'll be back. This was week 1 and it was delightful. I can't wait to see how they progress with their menu and frequent this local when I can!   p.s they have Wi-Fi!
Great food for even better value. Fun and great presentation of great simple food. Friendly people and cozy place - highly recommendable.
I came here with Jenny L for a catch up dinner and to try out this tucked-away restaurant up Bruntsfield way. I went for a bowl of soup for starters, the veggie mezze platter for mains with a side of chips. I was too stuffed for pudding!   The food here is home-made, fresh and unusual. My soup was very tasty - barley broth if I remember correctly - and was meant to come with kidney something or other (except it didn't as the kitchen was out). So an odd and interesting combo. And very nice too!  The mezze platter was weirdness personified, but not in a bad way. I've never seen a mezze plate like it (see pics!). There were some very, very strong flavours and everything struck me as just a bit out of left field. The baba ganoush was extremely smoky, there were pickled carrots that tasted like coffee and hard-boiled eggs that had something extra added. It was an odd plate of food. Just a bit weird.... I kept calling my plate the David Lynch of dinners, haha. And it was!   I would definitely come back here to try more of the menu and find out what oddities and delights await my palate...
Oh my oh my!!! Did I not like this!!!!!! Yum!  Came here for a friends birthday with a very food savvy crowd of people, mainly waiters and waitresses from some of Edinburghs best eateries and I think I can say we all left very impressed with what we found.  Before starters we also had a plate of the Crispy Pig Ears, yep thats no typo...pigs ear. And im happy to report they were delicious served with a nice aioli and sea salt.  For starter I opted for the pigeon breast on a bed of peas and pine nuts. Simple cooking and really delicious. The pigeon was pink, juicy and so tender. Winter might be coming but at least that means game birds are back on the menu yuuuum!!.  For main out of a table of 14, 11 of us went for the same thing!!! The steak special cooked in a bone marrow butter. OH LORD....... I had mine rare and as well as being perfectly cooked the flavour was incredible. The marrow flavour was there to be enjoyed. Superb.  Deserb, a mango sponge with vanilla icecream. i also tried the blue cheese icrecream and the cheese board with my dining chums! All lovely!!!  The service, the wine, the evening.....lovely place.....lovely food! Cant wait to go back!!
Carrots cooked in coffee, pickled egg, the smokiest of baba ganoush, home made falafel, salsa, beetroot, bread, and fries in a little brown paper bag.  This was the main contents of my delightful, delicious meal at Three Birds. Claire and I both opted for a starter and side rather than a main. So I went for three sides: the sesame-seed chicken strips, the vegetarian mezza platter, and fries to share.  Considering that the chicken strips were only 4 I thought it would be a very small portion. I was wrong! This, alongside the vegetarian mezze and fries more than filled me. This and the fries alone would do me for lunch.  The vegetarian mezze was beautifully presented, and had the aforementioned curious and curiouser options. Claire described it as "the David Lynch of mezze platters" (we had just been talking about The Returned, and David Lynch style shows). I really, really enjoyed it - a curious journey through strong, dazzling flavours. Each small item on the mezze board had it's own distinct flavour, no wishy-washy so-so things here.  The sesame chicken was indeed coated in sesame seeds, delightfully crispy and yum.  The fact that the fries came in a brown paper bag made my day.  I'm already planning a meal back here, hopefully to get the sharing platter as a main. A whole stack of pork ribs to share, with fries and sides? Yes please.  I think I've found one of my new favourite local restaurants.
Ribs! A whole plate of ribs, just for me. Well, also for my partner as it was a sharing dish. But when they brought out the  big wooden board piled high with pork, beef and lamb ribs, my wee heart was singing.  In my previous review, and previous visit here, I had a wonderful array of veggie mezze with the likes of carrots soaked in coffee, home made baba ganoush, and boiled eggs pickled in...something delicious. And so, after that mid-week girl-date dinner, I knew I had to come back soon for a Saturday night boy-date.  The restaurant is quite small, and our table was very close to two others. This doesn't bother me at all, as I like a buzzing, hub bub of chatter and chowing; but the waitress did occasionally have to brush against our table in order to reach one behind us at the window.   The menu has about 8 starter options, 5 main options and 3 'sharing platter' main options, including the ribs we had, a beef steak and something veggie too. There's also lots of side dishes, including the veggie mezze, which I had and which was delicious.   My fish goujons I had to start were great, but the ribs stole the show. Each type of rib (beef, pork, lamb) were marinaded in a different sauce and tasted entirely different. I've never had lamb ribs before, and they tasted so good I knew they must be so bad for me. Lamb, tasty tasty fatty lamb, mmm.  Despite being full, as the mains had been so delicious, we ordered two desserts. Ice cream sundae with rhubarb compote, and a gluten free vanilla sponge with sloe gin. Both were great, really filling and generous portions.  It's a great place for a date, for a family meal, for a midi-week girl date, for a birthday dinner with friends, and for lunch I imagine. It's homely but stylish. It's great for anyone who likes delicious food. We had to book 5 days before to get a table on Saturday night, which we only had for 1.5 hours. A hidden neighbourhood gem, but evidently a very popular one to the Bruntsfield area!
A-may-zing!  The boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere to have lunch to celebrate us having put up with each other for five whole years, and Three Birds immediately sprung to mind. It's in an area of town that we haven't visited recently, but used to frequent in the earlier years of our relationship (alas, moving to Leith two years ago has meant we've neglected Tollcross and Bruntsfield recently) so it offered both the chance for a big old nostalgia trip and for some delicious food. And it was a good choice!  Lunchtime on a Monday meant that the restaurant was quiet, we were only joined by a table of ladies who lunch and one tourist, but that was a good thing as food and drinks were served promptly (and with a smile).  I'd already ear-marked (ho ho ho) the Crispy Pigs' Ears with aioli and sea salt, having seen them on their menu online, and was excited to try them given they're not something you typically see on menus. They were really nice, crispy and flavoursome, with the aioli and salt being perfect accompaniments.  Sure, the thicker pieces were a bit chewy but you are eating ear so what do you expect?  We opted for the two-course lunch for 9.95, starter and mains, with boyfriend going for the bbq pork belly and myself for the lamb kofta for starters. Mmmmmmm! Both were the right side of spicy and full of flavour, I could easily have eaten a bigger serving. And I loved the two toasted pittas my kofta was served with, perfect for scooping up any remaining chickpea and tomato sauce.  As for mains, well neither of us could see beyond the beef cheeks in porter, with roast potatoes and shallots. Absolutely delicious, easily the nicest thing either of us have eaten in a long time. The cheeks were beyond tender, melt-in-the-mouth, and to die for.  I also ordered a salad to keep things healthy, which came attractively decorate with petals!  We didn't have pudding, as we had a film to catch, but we will definitely be back to sample more of their delicious wares. Especially given how good value everything is, two courses for less than a tenner is fab! And our 500ml carafe of white wine was nicely priced at 8.  So, go go go to Three Birds! You won't regret it.
This place is fabulous! I came here for date night with my beau and I cannot stop thinking about this place since! It's quite small and intimate with beautiful art work and lighting. The staff were polite and good natured. They also had great recommendations on food or wine selections. It is a bit pricey, so if you're looking for cheap this might not be the place. If you're looking for a sit-down meal with quality ingredients, great staff, and good atmosphere, this is your spot.   We started off with crispy pig ears. AMAZING. It was exactly how I expected and perfect with a touch of sea salt. My beau had never experienced the texture and flavour before but he loved it. Then we moved on to our appetisers. I had the seared pigeon breast with picked pear. The pigeon breast was cooked so slightly and delicious, we really enjoyed the slightly earthly but light taste. My beau enjoyed the fig and goat cheese wrap sitting very deliciously on top of a beetroot yogurt. We both love fig and the goat cheese thus the combination was mind blowing. For our mains, we had the grilled seam bream and the special, grilled seatrout over a bed of couscous. Both dishes were cooked to perfection and filled with flavour. For dessert, we loved the Rocky road ice cream sundae. It was a bit unexpected and a little difficult for me to share but alas, we loved it.   We loved the wines as well. For starters we had the col di sotto pinot grigio and finished with the Francesca Bay Pinot noir. Both excellent with our meals.   Again, highly recommend this restaurant and I am already demanding that we go back!
Whenever I give a place five stars, I usually hum and haw for a good while beforehand, doubting myself. When it came to writing this review for Three Birds, I had no hesitation in clicking that 5 "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" stars.  I came here on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch, it was fairly busy as it very often seems to be. We were met by our very friendly and engaging hostess and took a table window. It's a fairly small place, intimate, light and bright thanks to the large glass windows.  The menu is brilliantly varied. Offering some unusual, maybe even eccentric, combinations but after eating there would have no trepidation ordering anything on the menu. It seems to change very frequently; I assume based on season and availability.  They have a great range of soft drinks; hot and cold. Lots of local beers and a nice selection of wine.  Initially, after eating well at breakfast, I intended to order light. I had a chargrilled prawn salad. The prawns were served whole (sucking out the head juice is one of the best bits!) with a lovely dressing. It was perfectly cooked, crisp and refreshing.  However, I underestimated my appetite. Having spied the seafood sharing platter contained a pot of spoots, I asked if I could have them on their own. Our hostess said she would ask and moments later the chef came to our table and told me he didn't have many left but that he would happily create something for me with what he had. After establishing I love seafood and that I was quite a fussy diner, he went back to the kitchen. Shortly after he brought me the spoots, along with delicious hunks of monkfish, asparagus, green bean and pea salad. All served with, what I kid you not, was one of the best sauces I have tasted. After finishing I even asked for a spoon, not wanting to waste a drop. Monkfish and spoots are easy to overcook and turn horribly rubbery. Not here. They were juicy, meaty and just spectacular, it was   As I think I have already expressed, service is top notch. Friendly, relaxed and eager to please, the staff are delightful.  After asking for the bill, lunch got even better. 9.50 for a two course lunch of this quality! Quite incredible for Edinburgh.  It's worth phoning ahead as they are often very busy and I have lost out before without having a reservation at peak times. And doing what they're doing I can't see them having any trouble getting bums on seats any time soon!
Fine dinning in a relaxed way, I like that. The place is very nice with the smell of their own smokery [pinesmoked venison and pigeon, olala!] They have a very nice yard and blankets to cuddle up in whilst having a smoke or just gaze at the stars. I had pigeon for starters and then the pinesmoked venison that was pure bungey jump, meaning WOW. One can feel that it is a new place and the staff is trying to find their feet in the work but service was great and food was top top. Expensive, of course, but worth it.
I went to this place for a friends birthday meal. Boy, was it worth it!! Food was amazing and service fabulous. The waitress even sympathetically advised me what was best to eat in consideration of my horrible hangover! Wine looks quite pricey at first glance but it's the way they've grouped the wines by type on the list. There are cheaper bottles further down but don't expect a cheap night. I'm definitely going to pay them another visit. Try a Lavender Gimlet that's all I can say! :)
On a Friday evening the place was packed and we had to book pretty far in advance so needless to say the atmosphere was buzzing. Its in an old timberyard obviously and has a lovely rustic charm, floor to ceiling wine rack and a wood burning stove. What more do you need?!  The staff were lovely - knowledgeable and enthusiastic and very helpful. Make sure you order the shrub cocktail its amazing with or without an oyster or two!   They have a 4 course set menu (you can have less if you want although you would have to be mad!) The idea is that you have a bite, then a starter, your main and a dessert. For 22 its pretty darn good value I think. All the dishes we had were tasty and delicious and with some opting for the a la carte we tried quite a few. My favourite was the soused mackerel and the venison. The place has loads of locally sourced, home smoked or cured and exciting dishes to tempt you.  I love this place, its a bit more expensive than some places but is perfect for a celebration or romantic dinner...
There was much talk of Timberyard before and after it opened in Edinburgh. There are many foodies in Edinburgh, there are many great, nay, wonderous restaurants in the capital. So when a new restaurant opens to a hushed hubub of excitement amongst potential diners, it both has a lot to live up to and a lot of eager customers waiting to try it out.  And so, when I walked past the huge, giant, bright red doors on a misty Autumnal afternoon and realised *that* was Timberyard, I immediately went in to have a wee peek, and having done so, booked a table for dinner later that week.  I'd heard that they have their own smoke house, and smoke their meats in house. And that the menu changes seasonally (as is so very in vogue just now). Looking at the menus pinned to the wall, I could see that they were very specialist, sumptuous but not that extensive. Four options for mains. But I did like that there were both 'Bites' and 'Smalls' as starter options. Perfect for having a taste of some of the delicious dishes without ordering just a little too much.  The restaurant itself does live up to its name - it was literally an old timber yard that has been converted. So think bare white stone walls, a hugely tall ceiling, it's almost cavernous, and it doesn't feel too big or empty or cold. Candles light the restaurant, many many candles. A small couch and rug area where you can wait for your table and enjoy a cocktail make it feel homely. The bar itself allows a drink without the need for a table too. It's fine dining cuisine, but in a laid back, homely and welcoming atmosphere.  The staff are all incredibly friendly and down-to-earth too. I would agree with Peter S and say that they are perhaps still settling and finding their feet, but I loved that as the waiter was clearing our plates he told us how he'd smoked the pigeon himself earlier that week, and described how he did it. That did make me smile.  As for the food itself? Well, I don't give 5 stars lightly. The bite options on the menu allowed me to try two different 'starters' -quails egg, and smoked pigeon. The quails egg dish was literally one quails egg, although it was perfectly cooked with a slightly runny yolk. And the pigeon was equally petite but equally delicious.  The main - the first on the list - venison, with red cabbage, port and parsnip. Simply outstanding. The meat was perfectly cooked - so perfect - and whilst it was a modest portion, in keeping with fine dining size, it was just right. Venison is a rich meat, and any more would have been too much.  On that note, if you are starving and like big portions, then you might leave a little hungry or having ordered all three courses, paid the price, and still not feel stuffed. But that's the point of fine dining - to enjoy the flavours and leave satisfied but not overly full. Just a fair warning for those who prefer quantity sometimes. (Or not to come after you've run a marathon, say.)  Due to the slightly higher price tag, I won't be returning too soon. There are some places in Edinburgh that do very good food but at a lower price. Not as fine dining as this, but still equally as enjoyable. 17.50 for a main is more than my wallet can allow for my regular meal out. But if there were a special occasoin - family visiting, a date, a celebration - I wouldn't hestitate to recommend or come back to Timberyard.
Fresh local ingredients, prepared flawlessly and imaginatively, without pomp or pretense. Everything I seek in a restaurant. LOVED it!
Hands down, #1 for us in Edinburgh.  Had a great time here. From the service to the drinks to the food, everything hit just right. Super casual but nothing is taken for granted. Servers bounced around but this did not detract as they were all knowledgeable and friendly. They even had gluten free bread for my boyfriend which was as good as my regular bread.  Food was interesting and well presented. Wines and cocktails were varied and reasonably priced. I could have eaten everything on the menu and one day I hope to return and do just that!  We should have come back for a second dinner instead of M*** G********.
Timberyard is my new favorite restaurant world wide. It has a simple modern appearance yet is rustically sophisticated.   Simply put this chef is gifted. Every dish is bursting with creativity, technique, and flavor.  Every bite was bliss. They have only the best locally sourced ingredients and many have even been foraged! The Chef makes the menu based on what they have available so it is constantly changing.   The staff are all charming and sweet as can be. You wouldn't believe it, but this is a family run business. Son and father as Chef, daughter, friend, boyfriend are all servers, brother is the mixologist and mom's upstairs. They bring a warmth to this stunning, modern perfectly executed establishment.   We will be returning before our trip is over with out a doubt!
Went here two nights in a row and enjoyed  the awesome atmosphere, exelent service and delicious food. The coctails are awsome too. The best place I have ever been to. Get there fast!
Came to here on a busy Friday night with friends and absolutely loved it! Felt like I was back in Willamsburg for a minute, but quickly the vibe overtakes you. The decor and theme is well executed and the same can be said resoundingly for the food. With every bite, you think you knew what it would taste like but then you realized you had no idea- in a good way! Start to finish, our entire dinner was exceptional and the staff attentive. Highly recommend!!
After hearing about Timberyard all over the place, I decided that we needed to try it.  I was attracted by the setting, the stories of the food, and the fact that they have a little garden out back where they grow some of their greens.  So, we booked up a table weeks in advance (if you want to come at a reasonable time on the weekend, book early .. but having said that we visited just after the Festival so that could well have had something to do with how few tables they had), giving ourselves loads of time to look forward to it.  The setting didn't disappoint.  It's gorgeously industrial chic (and yeah we were totally getting design ideas for our kitchen).  The primary colours are white and dark brown/grey with splashes of colour from the tartan throws on some of the chairs.  The Man observed that (despite the woodburner in the middle of the room) it must be a nightmare to heat such a large space, so I guess the throws come in handy at times.      One of the serving staff explained the courses to us, encouraging us to go for all four courses and saying that they're on the small side.   They have two menus - one that's standard and one considered a "pre theatre" type menu that's much more affordable.  Interestingly, we seemed to be able to mix and match across the menus which was lovely because the mains on the pre theatre were almost half the price (11.50 vs 19.50).  For our bites, The Man got an oyster while I had the young herb salad with honey and sunflower.  He loved his oyster and wanted more, but I wasn't very taken with my salad.  The herbs were a bit overwhelming in their flavour and could have used some normal lettuce to balance it all out.  The sunflower petals were a gorgeous touch, though.    For starters I had the duck egg with spring onion, and The Man had the sardine.  I am super picky with eggs and found mine just *slightly* underdone because the white was a bit gooey for my taste.  That's really just being picky though as the dish as a whole had a gorgeous rich flavour.  The Man loved his sardine.  I had the beech smoked sirloin for my main, while The Man had the lamb.  Again he loved his, finding everything melt in your mouth amazing, while again I really enjoyed mine but felt the sirloin was a bit over cooked to my liking.  It was more medium/medium done than medium rare.    We then shared the chocolate pudding which was ridiculously amazing.  Really really ridiculously amazing.  We also got coffees which came with vanilla fudge and little lemon cakes.    We found the portion sizes to be fantastic - I always prefer more smaller courses than big plates of food, which allows you to be comfortably full instead of stuffed, and makes for a more leisurely dining experience.    The staff were outstanding - perfectly attentive and charming while being both relaxed and professional.    I originally approached this review prepared to give 4 stars for the small issues I had with the food but when I compare this meal with others I've loved, this easily equals and could possibly top them in quality.  Even The Man, ever a skeptic when it comes to trying a new restaurant, said he would return in a heartbeat.   From the minute you walk through the huge impressive doors, you know you're in for a really unique experience.  Yeah, it's SO cool and it's SO trendy right now, but so what, I'm sold.
I so glad they kept the big doors from the original Lawson's Timber just adds charm to the place.    Firstly the food is devine.  Secondly the service is friendly, relaxed and very knowledgable.  Thirdly I will come back for more.  To start we ordered a sauvigion blanc, which came from Marlborough, New Zealand.  Tis was delicious on the palate.  It went well with all 4 courses I had choosen from the menu.  The little bite was a lobster broth. Starters was a crab, creme fraiche, horseradish, spiced bread.   I choose smoked pork loin, belly, onion, artichoke for the mains and to finish was Marshmallows, chocolate, spiced oats, fig, milk.  The serving are quite small but I was quite full by the end - quite full and happy!  I'm chuffed to say we have something like this in Ediburgh and I've finally now experienced it!
This review is purely based on the service and not the food. I didn't go there for food, just some birthday drinks before I headed to dinner. I have heard rave reviews about their food, but knew they had drinks so thought I would try it. It is a beautiful space, we were seated near the entrance, which I assume is the waiting area, which despite the door opening and closing and letting the cold in, was ok.   We asked the staff member that sat us if we order from the bar or if someone comes to us, they said someone will come to us and gave us menus. So, over 10 minutes later no one had come to take our drink order. We should have just gone to the bar, but we weren't in a hurry so we thought maybe they were busy. Just as was about to give up and go to the bar someone came over and took our drink order, which was one beer and a gin and tonic. Needless to say, it took almost another 10 minutes before our drinks arrived. And no one came back to see if we wanted another round.   I'm sorry, I don't mind waiting if a place is super busy, but they didn't seem to be as I watched the person that took our order chat for a few minutes with a co-worker for a while before they even started making our drinks.   Being in the service industry, I would just have appreciated some honestly about if they were too busy to do drinks for us or if it would be quicker at the bar. I will at some point go back in for food as I don't feel like this typical for their service at Timberyard, but I was pretty disappointed with having to wait 20 minutes for two basic drinks.
We visited Timberyard at the end of January when it was bitterly cold!  We were early for our table but had heard they do good cocktails so we thought we would have one or two before dinner.  We were lucky to get a seat on the sofas beside the wood burning stove - just what we needed after the walk in the cold!   The menu is simple with only 3 choices per course, but everything is fresh, tasty and beautifully presented.  There are 4 courses to choose from, an amuse bouche type course, and then starter, main course and dessert.  They also serve some very tasty bread, ours must have come from the oven as it was still warm!   As it was January the menu was more gamey with both Vension and Pigeon appearing on the menu.  Being not a big meat eater I was happy that there was a good veggie option for each course as well.  The serving staff were pleasant and well informed about each dish they were serving.  In some aspects the service may have been a bit on the slow side, however it was such a lovely space with a relaxed atmosphere (plus we weren't in a rush) that we didn't mind!  I look forward to returning in the summer to be able to sit outside in their garden and also to see how their menu changes with the seasons!
An even better 5 stars than last time.  We brought my parents here this past weekend and everything was spot on.   I think that the creativity of the dishes, the staff, and the little extra touches are what really do it for Timberyard.  I forgot to mention in my first review that when you sit down you are treated with warm bread and, as was the case last  weekend, whipped butter with crowdie, accompanied by juniper smoked pepper and something green (I keep forgetting) with the salt. OH SO MUCH HEAVEN. Honestly, warm bread and butter is great enough, but the crowdie and the seasonings sent this overboard. OH and there was smoked bone marrow too. UHN.  Full after the bite, starter and main, we oped for coffee (and a cheeky mead for me), which came with the standard fabulous little sweet bites.   Between courses we popped out into the garden to see the chickens and quails (cute and little) and decided it would be a gorgeous place to come for a cocktail on a sunny afternoon (add that to the list after a flush month!).  If I could come here once a month, I would. It's just fantastic.
Timberyard is innocuous from the outside, easily passed unnoticed at the bottom of Lady Lawson Street but as soon as you open the huge glass doors, the stylish interior and vibrant atmosphere make for a very warm welcome.  Inside is a very chic, stripped back 'rustic/industrial/warehouse' environment. With the bar in the middle of the main dining room and a large blackboard on the back wall with rotational beers and cocktails written on it. The open plan dining area is huge, tables are well spaced, offer plenty privacy but also retain an intimate feel. There is also a tranquil courtyard, a perfect space to enjoy the sun with a drink in hand.  The food menu is meticulously assembled with a dedication to local, seasonal produce and sustainability; they even filter and bottle their own water. But more than that, it has a very nordic feel (think Noma-ish) with plenty foraging, pickling, smoking and ingenious ingredient matching but also combining classic French technique with a nod to traditional Scottish dishes as well. The food most definitely delivers the promises it makes on paper. Timberyard is all about flavour, flavour and flavour. Everything you will eat will be a taste sensation, I promise. In addition to the quality of the food, the presentation is beautiful. Each dish a work of art. The drinks options are of the same high standard, offering a very comprehensive wine list, creative and unique cocktails and a good selection of beers.   Service is faultlessly smooth. Staff are very friendly, striking a perfect balance by being attentive without being intrusive.  I think Timberyard offers pretty good value for money. Some of the larger dishes aren't inexpensive but the menu is made up of 'bites' and 'small' plates as well, offering a unique sort of tapas/French/Nordic fusion. Complimentary fresh bread (complete with whipped crowdie butter, celery salt and juniper infused pepper) and 'afters' of mini lemon meringue biscuit tuiles and white chocolate cylinders also adding to an already spectacular first impression.  In summary, Timberyard is an awesome place to enjoy fine dining in a relaxed, casual environment with a great buzz and without fine dining prices... mostly.
What a delight! A great new place in the West End. Being friend's with the chef I have to promote this place but I must admit it's a great place. The food is fresh and tasty and quite Scandinavian in style.  Staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the food we ordered was beautifully presented.   I went for a Fennel salad to start with (which is unusual for me!) and the Skirt Steak for mains, followed by a delicious chocolate tart. My companion went for Stornoway black pudding, with duck egg and piccalilli which worked very well. The seasonal mixed vegetables is presented as a frittata which is quite different too.  I saw other people having the cheese board which did look delicious and small enough to not be overpowering!  Have a look at their website and give it a go.  It looks tiny when you walk in but through the back is a lovely, bright conservatory area which is very nice indeed!   It's a nice wee haven in the city from all the hustle and bustle of town! I hope it does well and gets a lot more visitors :)
Edinburgh Larder Bistro menu is about to change.. but before that happens, me and my husband decided to pay a visit to sample the current menu. It was especially tempting after the fantastic Yelp blindfold tasting event last week.  I was hesitating between two options on the menu: venison and pheasant. I wasn't too keen on the pearl barley risotto which accompanied the venison but fancied the pheasant's side veg instead. So I explained my dilemma to the waitress and she kindly offered to swap the side dishes.   I didn't go for a starter, but my husband had the pigeon, which was melt-in-the-mouth stuff.   Mains arrived. Venison was plated prettily and I could already see it was perfectly cooked. I took a bite.. 'Oh my god'  It was so good indeed. So soft and tender, and well seasoned and the vegetables and potatoes all went well together.  Now how about a dessert? Yes please! I chose the chocolate tart which came with sea buck thorn and ice cream. The waitress bought two spoons (just in case). I'm afraid I ate most of the tart (apart from one spoonful for husband) - well I did offer.. The tart was both light and rich at the same time - and it really needs to be shared. I ate too much of it, but that is a lesson for me to learn :)  So friendly service again from the Edinburgh Larder Bistro. This is soon turning out to be one of my favourite places to dine in this city!
Pork pie.  That's all you need to know for this review: pork pie.  Ok, well maybe a little more description. Most of which will revolve around the description of the pie, the taste of the pie, the scraped clean plate / board that the pie rested on, and the picture of the pie (see my uploaded photo!)  The interesting thing is, it wasn't really a pie - not the traditional one-person pie, or even a slice of a larger pie. It must have been more like a long terrine-shaped log of pie, cut into square slices.  The inside of the pie had no gravy, but also no gellatine. Instead, it was pure pulled pork. Big chunks of pork, tender and moist.  The pastry was quite thick and buttery and crumbly but substantial. I like it, the lovely Leila A commented it wasn't like normal pastry. I agree, but I liked it.  It came presented on a wooden board with some winter chutney (like the filling on a mincemeat pie), coleslaw, salad, and beautiful home-made oatcakes. The oatcakes were a bit confusing - the pie was perfect as it was, and there was nothing to put on the oatcakes. So of course Leila and I asked to take them away, tucked up in napkins, for supper that evening.  The Edinburgh Larder Bistro is tucked in basement level on a street that is itself tucked into the West End. It may not get much footfall. But I'd urge anyone to seek it out. The menu is traditional Scottish, cooked beautifully, with some interesting twists.  I was here for lunch and it was cosy. There are booths, bigger tables, the staff are very friendly and I would happily come back here weekly for a special lunch or dinner.
Excellent Scottish bistro located just off Queensferry Street at the West End. I came for the pre-theatre menu and left a seriously happy chappy. Three courses down the hatch and every one delicious.   Relaxed ambience with candle-lit tables and wooden surrounds. The restaurant itself is spacious and has a pleasant and accommodating staff that were only too happy to recommend dishes and give us some culinary pointers.   I had the pate starter, fish main and apple & custard pudding. My only negative would be the brandy custard on the pudding; it was a bit too overpowering for me, but then I'm not a big fan of booze in food. Other than that an absolutely lovely dinner and I've already booked a return pre-theatre meal!   It's the perfect place to fill up on really good quality grub before winging your way to Filmhouse, Usher Hall, Traverse or Lyceum. Cannot recommend more.
Was under impressed... Hmmm... Toast or a hockey puck?  The decor was nice!
That was some breakfast - lovely black pudding, scrambled eggs done to a T and the juiciest of sausages. The toast was a little dry when unaccompanied, and the bacon mainly fat (but not to worry about that on a one-off basis). This was my first trip here and it's a delightful spot, tucked away under some of Edinburgh's finest stone facades between the West End and the diplomatic quarter. They looked after us well, accommodated 20 as easily as they did the couples that peppered the rest of the space and the whole place felt relaxed and airy. Much of this is down to the courtyard area, which only seats about a dozen but opens up the whole restaurant. I may well be back, though I'm not often in this part of town to eat - great to know it's there though.
No no What is going on?! - A prospected lovely brunch was an underwhelming experience.  Granted we were a big group and yes we had expectations - well I visited 2x before and it was lovely. This time (when I get round to write a full review - they really disappointed me.   The place is lovely and it is good that they set bigger groups in the back. However the ceiling is a little low and the sound levels get a little loud.   As my friend pointed out - their offerings on the website include Gluten Free products (Granola for one) - but those were not available at time of ordering. Fail. But they did their best to compensate with alternatives like a salad.    I ordered the Poached Eggs (x2) on a toasted scone. The eggs were perfect. The scone was a sweet crumbled affair and didn't really fit... and that was it  7.95 for this is a little steep - I do hope the chickens that laid these eggs were massaged daily and offered intercontinental flights to warrant that kind of price.   Don't get me wrong - I like the place, decor and service. But they seem a little overpriced on the produce offered (if at all available)   3 stars as former visits were a lot better.
Went to the Edinburgh Larder Bistro a couple of times, first time for brunch, second time for lunch.  On both occasions, I had a voucher deal, which is always great to try somewhere new. The brunch was OK, mine was actually really good, I had the smoked salmon on home made bread, the only downside was it was actually a very small portion and that I was still famished afterwards. My brunch buddy had the veggie full breakfast, which was fine apart for a lump of potatoes and carrots that didn't have their place on the plate, and would have been better replaced by a home-made tomato relish or something else. The lunch was OK, but not exciting.  We had leek and ham soup, which was delicious, with some crispy bacon. Thumbs up for the soup!  However, the choice of mains was fairly limited, so we opted for the coley.  The fish itself came perfectly cooked, the chips were OK, but the steamed broccoli and cauliflower were a bit sad and bland.  That dish could have really done with a bit of a 'wow' factor!  Oh and last but not least, they forgot to bring the two glasses of wine we had ordered.  I had to ask for them, which means that they arrived after we had finished the starter. Overall, not a bad experience, but the place doesn't live up to its expectations, which is a real shame.  I do like the wooden decor though.
After returning for a second try, I feel even more underwhelmed by my experience. The soup was lacking depth in flavour to match what was a good texture. Salt and pepper didn't help the cause. Bread with the soup would have been nice too. We weren't even offered  and since we were sat alone in the back, it wasn't until we finished our meal and others seated around us ordered soup, did we realise that bead was supposed to come with the meal.   My main course was alright. Visually pleasing. I had the chicken dish which was good. I was confused by the addition of olive oil that was drizzled on the gravy. Just seemed to make the dish oily without adding to the flavour.   As for my partner's dish, she had the fish which seemed well presented and cooked until I found a long hair in the vegetable side.    The only positive that I can take away from our second visit was the presentation on the plate was visually appealing but, much to my displeasure again, that's about where it ends.  All in all, after visiting a couple of times I've become less impressed every time I have tried the Larder. This is unfortunate because I was quite impressed with the couple of times the Edinburgh Larder help events in conjunction with Yelp (the winter  event and the blind tasting). I hate to think that they only try to put their best foot forward when trying to impress reviews and not when its the random customer off the street.
I've only so far been to the Edinburgh Larder Bistro once, but I like the cut of its various locally sourced food items.  I was here for the first Yelp Elite event of the year, so was lucky in that I got to try a variety of dishes (and attempt to guess what they were) from my first encounter with pigs trotters (I would NEVER ever have guessed that's what they were) to really delicious stovies. There's a definite creativity to the dishes here, and it doesn't at all seem run-of-the-mill, and they have lots of brilliant Scottish suppliers which is always an awesome thing to support. Everything is seasonally fresh and the menu changes in accordance, so you know you're getting the best of what's out there in Scotland.  As a spot in the west end to pop into for a cosy, relaxed meal with friends I would definitely recommend it, and in fact, I need to be making a booking along those lines very soon.
This is the 4th time we visited.   Please note that I think the place is lovely, the service is super friendly and the ingredients are sourced local and where available organic.  However we have yet to have an outstanding meal.  I can't see how such an array of wonderful source of ingredients can produce just OK ish food.  Is it the chef? Is it the quality of ingredients? I don't know.   This visit we have been on a Living Social voucher set meal.  Offered was a prosecco and a choice of 2 coursed out of 3 starters , 3 mains and 3 desserts.  The prosecco was a little too dry and not very pleasant to drink - happens sometimes - personal taste and not their doing of course. I may have benefitted from a splash of Crme de cassis to sweeten it up a bit?    We got a complimentary bread and herb (& garlic?) butter. Standard. For starter I had the wild mushroom soup and which was tasty. The bread served was the same as the basket.   For main we both took the Rump of Lamb, with stem broccoli, spring onions, sliced cream potato and a jus. As advised the lamb was served pink.  The portion was adequate, I personally would have loved more of the potato as that was very well prepared and just a 2' square didn't do it justice. The bottom part of the broccoli was a little tough (el dente?).  The lamb was well cooked and indeed pinkish as promised, taste wise however it lacked seasoning, which was offset by the jus. I did decided to ask for some additional jus as there just wasn't enough to mop up. It wasn't the juiciest of meats, but I had much worse served in other places. So OK.  The spring onions were for some strange reason not easy to digest or chew, I spent a good deal masticating, but had to admit defeat.   The dessert was a selection of ice cream and cookies supplied by Affagato Ice Cream parlour from across the road. It was again ok, but it was just that tiny bit crystallised, it was a bit grainy - the spoon did not slice through, but was glaciered and skirting on the surface of the scoop. Weird.     In conclusion: again I was underwhelmed and dissapointed. I so wanted to have a great experience and after giving them several opportunities the Edinburgh Larder Bistro just fails to deliver for me.
After having the Edinburgh Larder Bistro's most amazing sample of chocolate ganache at the amazing Yelp Winterfall Wonderland event, my interest was piqued and I couldn't wait to try the restaurant itself. I was sorely disappointed. First, during Yelp's Brunchy Munchy, I thought my pancakes with bacon tasted ok but were quite overpriced for two itsy bitsy pancakes and a lack of friendliness on the part of the staff. The restaurant was attractively decorated and they did accommodate our large group, but without much grace as many others really didn't like what they were served.  Although I really wanted to like the Edinburgh Larder Bistro because of their mission to serve good quality food made from locally-sourced ingredients, I was on the fence after the brunch about whether I liked this place. I wanted to give it a second try, so my boyfriend and I purchased a groupon for a two-course lunch here. Since I work from home and his work is also flexible, we had brought our backpacks with our computers with us so we could work from New Town in the afernoon. When we showed up at our appointed time for our reservation, the staff looked us up and down and led us to the back room (they obviously wanted to hide us in the back!). At our table, the woman looked us up and down again and, after a long pause and looking disdainingly at our bags, said that other customers would be coming in and sitting next to us so could she take our bags to the other room since they would need the space? She could have framed this much more tactfully and asked if she could help us by relieving us of our bags by taking them out of our way!  Although things had a rocky start, I liked the simple menu of just a few items that were the fresh specialties of the day made from in-season, local ingredients. We both had the mushroom soup to start. The soup was good and better than a run-of-the-mill cream of mushroom soup but it wasn't too special or memorable. Since we had heard about the Larder Bistro's great bread and thought that bread would be the perfect addition to our starter, we were a bit sad that we weren't served any. Later, during our main course, we were frustrated to see other customers were served bread with their soup while we had not been!  For my main, I had the fish. While I was expecting a flavourful, locally-caught fish, I was underwhelmed by the dish. Although it scored high on presentation and looked quite pretty, it's taste wasn't on the same calibre. To make things worse, when I was over half-way through my meal I found a hair in my dish. I didn't think it was mine but then again I wasn't quite sure. I ate a bit more from other parts of my plate but that was the not-so-perfect end to our lunch.  Even though the Larder Bistro might had wanted more posh customers and we didn't seem to meet their expectations, they should have treated us just as well as the other customers (the two older ladies sitting a few tables away, or the couple sitting behind us -- and, no, there was still no one actually sitting at either of the tables next to us!). The other customers were welcomed warmly, had their coats kindly taken out of their way and received bread with their soup. We aren't slobs and we were a bit taken aback by the poor service and underwhelming lunch after hearing such lovely reviews prior to our visits here. In the future, I hope that the staff become more friendly and caring and that the quality of the food matches the prices they are charging for it.
A really impressive new addition to Stockbridge's already well-stocked list of lunch and dining options, The Pantry seeks to showcase local produce in some innovative and flavour-packed dishes. Still with its fresh sheen of shiny newness about the place (at time of writing, it has been open for four days), the place is light-wood, white and minimalist, with some nice tweedy touches.  The dishes on the menu all sound great, so it was quite a choice to narrow down the options. The soup I had was first-rate, and the burger, although slightly on the lean side for my tastes, packed a good deal of meaty goodness. The chips were as good as I've been served for a long while.  Overall, we said: "The Pantry is a really welcome new addition. They're still in their infancy, so in time they'll make their house more of a home, but they're starting from a really nice level, with welcoming staff, a well crafted menu, and a good, relaxed feel to the place. They have lots of nice presentational details, too, like little milk churn jugs. I look forward to further visits to the place, which will be frequent and often."
Went to the pantry for coffee. First impressions was that it was a strange space with an overwhelming smell of cooking oil from what I guess is the all day breakfast? I had a latte and a brownie so can't review what appears to be an interesting menu.  The coffee was ok and brownie was good. But... the brownie was 3 which for the size was steep.  The pantry is in a super competitive area so I hope they sort out some of these teething issues.
I want to like this place, I really do, sadly my lunch today (The Stewp on the menu which was just a very average soup with some pasta in it ) didn't live up to expectations.   The Pantry is in a super competitive area, the staff are very friendly and welcoming, the coffee is from illy and they have a great selection of fresh cake and local produce but so do most new places in this area. A big plus is that this place gets a lot of sun and there are a few tables outside, we had lunch al fresco there today, in February, in just our shirts.  I do hope to get back and give it another try soon.
I've had a Cappuccino and it was delish ...  So will have to pop in for lunch at some point!
Not incredibly impressed. We had our breakfast here and the pancakes were not nice at all. The eggs benedict were satisfactory at best. The hollandaise sauce was hardly there and actually pretty dry.  Overall pretty Meh. Won't be going back in a hurry.
Only been twice but I love breakfast here !  I had the eggs benedict with smoked salmon, and im not even a massive fan of salmon I'll only have it occasionally!  We also got the corn fritters with relish and my goodness they were delightful!  The waiter actually told us when we were leaving that they were his grandmothers recipie how quaint!   Its very light and airy in there and plenty of room for buggies they also have a mummioes hour i think its on tuesdays and thursdays between 3 - 4 and they provide colouring for children and you get a coffee or tea for 1.00 good deal and you dont have to worry about your children being too noisy cause i would assume its all children then ! They are great with kids and theres lots of room which is good, they dont servce alcohol yet but you can BYO which is ace !  Gorgeous selection of cakes, friendly and helpful staff and the food is actually divine!  couldnt love it more, the only bad thing is its packed on weekends so it will be hard to get a table there soon!
Enjoyed the ham hash & duck egg I had in here a few weeks ago & the menu's less pricey than you'd maybe expect for Stockbridge. We had to ask for the bill twice and then eventually go in to get it & pay but that seemed to be down to them having one too few staff on for the amount of customers in that afternoon. Given that the service up to that point was good and the toilets etc. all in good order I'm happy to give the benefit of the doubt.
The Pantry is one of the latest additions to the Stockbridge culinary scene, and what a time it is for the area. Recently voted the 3rd coolest place to live in the UK the area is alive with some of the trendiest and most relaxed eateries in the city. The Pantry falls into this category for sure.  From the menu you see above the keep it small, seasonal and achievable. You won't see 30 items here just a great combination of fresh and local produce.    For starters my dining chum and I both opted for the crab & smoked salmon gazpacho! What a great dish, fresh gazpacho with fresh crab and a light smokey salmon all come together to create a great summer dish. The seasoning was spot on, just can't fault it.    For main I had the hogget with mash, seasonal greens and sauce vierge. Seasoned pink lamb, smooth mash, capers, lemon.....mint...... YUMM!!! Really it's as tasty as it looks. The lamb was so tender, again for what is a very modest place this was an accomplished dish and is the kind of food you want to demolish!    My dining chum had squid stuffed with rice, I only tried a little but again very tasty.  For desert I think made a mistake.... I had the cheese and it was very tasty as cheese goes but check this out......    Rhuuuuubarb, pannacotta wow!! Looked great, tasted great, could have been a desert in a much fancier much more expensive restaurant. These guys are really working hard and it's paying off.  To get a 3 course meal for 30 in Stockbridge is always a win in my book! It's BYOB and topping it off with a bottle from Australia's coolest wine makers Some Young Punks made for a great night.  The Pantry - Highly Jd Recommended!!!
The Pantry is one of our favourite places in Edinburgh. The breakfast and lunch is delicious and locally sourced. The chef has real skill and serves up comfort food with all the little details done right (eggs perfectly poached, the roast vegetables are always spectacularly done). The soups and stewps (soupy stews) are always wonderful and rotate constantly so you get a great variety. I'm a very big fan of the terrines as well which are wonderfully silky but always hearty. Great cappuccino also (and my wife loves their tea selection).   The dinners are a real treat. They do special 2 and 3 course menus that are some of the best food for the price I've ever had.   The service is absolutely wonderful. It's family run (and it shows). Everyone working is gracious, helpful, and knowledgeable about what they do. We've always been treated with complete kindness and hospitality, and like "regulars" from our second visit onwards. Really, the folks working there are just friendly and genuinely nice people, and are always an absolute pleasure.   Importantly for our family, they are also VERY family friendly. They are great with kids and have excellent child amenities (including a great changing room, child seating, and a children's area with lots of toys [which our daughter is too young to use just yet]).   I really could not recommend more highly.
Was hoping for more out of The Pantry when we wandered in for a meal around noontime the other day. They were no longer serving breakfast, and we were informed that certain items on the lunch menu wouldn't be available until after 12:30. Left with a small selection of not-particularly-interesting choices, I opted for a cheese sandwich. Which was fine for a cheese sandwich, I suppose, but secretly I wanted to be eating something more exciting than a cheese sandwich.   Service was friendly enough, and the outdoor seating area looks quite appealing. I'd go back for a coffee or maybe to give their breakfast a try, but I wouldn't bother with lunch there again - too many better choices in the neighborhood.
I gushed on about this place when I came here first and having come back for brunch I still have to say I think the food is exceptional.  Why the loss of a star? Well to be honest its down to service and a general lack of organisation.  Like many places the Pantry is listed on TopTable.co.uk, so when looking for a place for brunch for Lucie.M and I this seemed like the perfect option. Having booked a day before we walked in to the crowded restaurant bang on the time of our booking, 6/7 people were already waiting to be seated.  As some people were being turned away, I explained I had made a booking, one quick check of their bookings and it was clear they didnt have us down - credit to him - he told us to wait and our table would be ready in just a minute. When we did sit down the table was really sticky - the very flustered waitress immediately came over and asked if we had ordered - not having seen a menu and having just sat down we said well no. This seemed to frustrate her a little.  Lucie.M opted for the build your own fry-up and I went for the East Lothian foraged mushrooms with pancetta and poached eggs.  When the food came I got a waft of one of my favourite things in the gastronomic world TRUFFLE. These lovely mushrooms has been doused in truffle oil. Oh my.........!  It was delicious, I well near licked the plate clean, Lucie was I think equally surprised and impressed by her meal, especially the veg table hash.  All in all the kitchen are knocking it out the park, front of house....get things in order and you have a real winning place!  The Pantry still comes Highly Jd Recommended.
Popped by for lunch earlier. Was a bit underwhelmed by (lack of) choice but settled on a beef toasted granary bread sandwich which was tasty enough. My two teenagers and their granny all had the same pulled pork ciabatta sandwich with red cabbage and a small poke of chips. Nice enough but not spectacular. Service was a bit pedestrian but pleasant enough. A bit more choice and a slightly more proactive service and I've have flipped to 4 stars. Will give it another go but there are better options within the whiff of a freshly made coffee around the new town/stockie border.
Service was rather hit and miss as we had to ask for the bill twice at the end of the quick lunch we'd stopped in for but no complaints about the food itself.  Like a lot of places in Edinburgh that offer on-street seating there's really not enough room between you and the road which in the case is cobbled thereby making it doubly loud when cars pass so beware of that as, due to its deserved popularity, there's a good chance you'll have to plump for one of those tables as the inside's invariably full.
Having been previously an Irish bar & then Scots one the obvious next step was for this site to go Hawaiian. Decor-wise that's been achieved to good effect. Atmosphere and customer-wise, however, it seems to yet be early days as there was hardly anyone in when I stopped in for a pint on the way home last Saturday night. It was a bleak night and town never seems to be that busy these days anyway so those could both have been factors but what also contributes to failures here I think is the location. It would though be nice to see this incarnation of the space thrive as it's definitely something different in the city which is never a bad thing so I'll make a return visit and see if the food and cocktails are up to much (certainly no complaints about the quality of ale or bar service).
Given the only other option for Tiki-styled venues in the Burgh is A) a nightclub, B) an overpriced nightclub, and C) an overpriced nightclub that doesn't so food, I have to say 52 Canoes is a breath of fresh air on the West End scene.  Apparently quite quiet during the week, we ventured here on a busy Friday evening, where we found a mostly after-work crowd and a good vibe. The staff are very friendly, chatty and accommodating, initially trying to find us some space (admittedly it can be a bit of a squeeze if you get here late and have to stand) and looking after us with table service once we poached a booth.  The food is actually very tremendous, from what we had off the menu anyway. The Whole Baked Camembert and the Haggis Spring Rolls can certainly be vouched for and they have a nice menu of gourmet burgers that would give the likes of Holyrood 9A and Lebowski's a run for their money, to look at are pretty stunning.  As a Tiki Den, 52 Canoes of course has a wide cocktail menu, mostly served in novelty vessels in the shapes of Tiki heads and totems; punch bowls are also available. I tried a Lychee-infused badboy of which I forget the name. It was okay but probably not worth the 7 asking price. The bartenders know their staff and are also very chatty but something about the cocktails just didn't have me wanting to explore the menu further. They did however, have a vast selection of rums that might be worth investigating.  On the whole, a laid back spot with some great food options, great music and a great craic.
I went here after work last friday frankly because everyone else was going there and (in the interests of honesty) I was already half cut.   It's underground in a hole or something, under some buildings, but not a dirty...damp hole.... a cosy tiki den themed hole (hobbit quote).  They have cocktails - these SEEMED expensive - however I'm not a massive one for cock(tails) so maybe these were reasonable.  I liked their selection of rum, I liked their friendly staff and pleasantly sarcastic bar staff. They had a couple decent beers on draft (hobgoblin) but that made me sleepy so I switched to staropramen which is a fairly bland beer hard to do badly. It was ok.  The food looked decent and I shall have to return to try it again.  I can't remember what the music was like and I left the bill for GEoff to pick up. I felt a bit bad about this. I will comment on how expensive the beer was but I imagine that once geoff tells me I can update this review.  I genuinely think this is the worst review I've ever written. I am also in the picture for the business. I don't like the name of the bar. I'd have called it "Captain Pete's Imaginatorium"  or "Dread Pirate Roberts Cave of Iniquity" if they wanted to keep the "hawaiian theme"
I'd walked by this place ages ago, and this weekend finally got a chance to go with Miss Catriona C  who, having spent quite a bit of time in San Francisco, shared my love for a good Tiki bar.    It actually wasn't until The Man asked me what a Tiki bar was, I realised that it's more of a US/CA/SF standard than a UK one.  52 Canoes makes a strong try at being a Tiki bar.  It's colourful, with leis hanging from the ceiling and a list of fruity rum-based cocktails that should be served with umbrellas.   It's not quite as kitchy as the SF Tiki bars I'm used to, but equally the floor wasn't sticky and the toilets weren't freaky dodgy, so there were certainly highs and lows.    It has a pretty good looking menu and we opted to share some spicy bean nachos that just kept going and were pretty tasty.    We couldn't come to a Tiki bar and not drink ridiculous cocktails, we both started with a blended fresh pineapple and rum based drink.  Catriona's was too minty to her taste and I actually thought it was a bit too heavy on the pineapple, making the drink very thick and a bit sickly at the end.  Our second drink was so good we didn't deviate from it for the third round.  Chili vodka with chocolate liqueur, chocolate syrup, something vanilla, and topped with nutmeg.  Dizzam that was a good drink, and seriously spicy!  The staff, while nice, were unfortunately very inattentive for the first half of our visit.  We waited for ages for someone to take our first drink order, and ages again for anyone to notice that our glasses were empty.  The bar was pretty empty at this time so staff were mostly just chatting amongst themselves as we were waiting.    So, I would definitely go again for more ridiculous tasty cocktail drinking, to try more of the good food, but maybe Saturday late afternoon is just too quiet for the staff to be very attentive?
Off the beaten track somewhat removed from the normal drinking spots (and shown in the wrong location on google maps!) this little bar is a great find. Without a doubt this is a rum bar and as I like rum this suits me, however there is a range of drinks available for those that would prefer a pint too. This range includes Addlestones cider so I have no complaints!  The "pitchers" of cocktail are served in a rather unusual chill box, essentially everyone grabs a straw rather than pouring into individual glasses, good for the novelty value if nothing else.  What else can I say, this place oozes fun and has rum, so without doubt I am a fan!
Been wanting to get here for a while and it didnt disappoint. Cool decor, great atmosphere, live music and excellent cocktails equals a very fun evening.Not been to tiki bar since I was in the US a few years back and they have certainly captured the essence of the idea.   I will certainly be heading back.
Went here for a few cocktails last Saturday night and the sofas are comfy, the cocktails damn tasty and the nachos were lovely. The jug of water for the table had an orange wedge and hibiscus flowers in it, yet this seemed more like a touch of attention to detail rather than pretension. When a place is that classy and yet seems totally laid back, it's a place to go back to!
I have given this bar three chances and while the idea behind it is fantastic, the bar men let it down every time. I know it takes awhile to make a cocktail but when the bar is quiet, the "showboating" that they do can leave customers looking for a simple spirit and mixer waiting 20 minutes. So frustrating. I finally got to ask for a vodka and coke - as the bar man was about to pour, I politely asked if he had Smirnoff instead. I got a sharp no and he continued pouring. There was no "would you like something else"?  They also served us a round (30+) just as the bell rang including pricey cocktails but a minute later, the bar man was extremely rude in telling us to get out. We were literally escorted out - no niceties at all which was bad considering that we were all very well behaved and had spent a lot of money there that night. They should either not sell drinks as the bell rings if they know there is no way to drink them in time.  I won't be going again and have told my friends and their friends not to bother.
My other half's local, this place has great character, the most enthusiastic and helpful staff I've encountered in Edinburgh and an excellent bar. Cheap to boot for unfussy drinks like rums and coke, and the cocktails, while reasonably pricey, are pretty tasty. Big fan.
Get off my lawn, you whippersnappers! 52 Canoes had us all feeling a little bit like cranky old men with its loud music (I think some kind of reggae karaoke was going on). The morning after, my throat is a bit sore from shouting our conversation.   The drinks were exactly what you'd expect to find in a tiki den - fruity and rummy and served in large novelty drinking vessels. Pleasantly, not all of them were sickly sweet. The waitress was friendly and attentive, and did well at keeping the pitcher of water on our table full.
For New Years Eve, we took ourselves to a nice late lunch and ended up cocktail hopping our way home.  Not too shabby.  52 Canoes was our final destination and the highlight of our evening.  We arrived at around 5, and the place was pleasantly busy - tables were filled and the vibe was good, but it was still easy to get a seat at the bar and the staff were hyped for the evening so were attentive and friendly.    My favourite chocolate chili cocktail was no longer on the menu but one of the bar staff remembered it and kindly made it up for me.  It was absolutely as good as I remembered, and The Man agreed.  His first drink was coffee-based and delicious as well.    Having only planned to stay for one, we were seduced by the friendly surroundings, great music and fantastic cocktails and talked ourselves into another round.   Round two consisted of a Pina Colada and something involving ginger beer and passion fruit - the passion fruit was at my request and they were happy to give it a try.    Overall it was such a laid back and tasty experience.  This is not a pretentious joint that's going to go out of style, it's a friendly place that mixes up excellent drinks.  We agreed that we would happily come here first next time.
Oh boy. This is what I've been waiting for.  Wayyyyy back when I was still oh so weeny and new in Edinburgh, I was hunting around for cool places on Yelp and the name of this spot showed up. "Heh," I thought. "That sounds awesome."  I cannot tell you how many specific invitations to parties or outings at this very bar have come up since then (ok I can - three) and each and every time something has occurred at the last minute to prevent my going. I was starting to think I could be under a Maori curse.  Until April's Cocktail Quest. Friends - we have lift-off.  It's batty. It's themetastic. It's cosy and dark. It has corners and booths and flowers and weird decoupage tables. (Also, it has crazyloud music, which is the only reason it loses a star for me, in addition to which, it was reggae, which is the only - I mean ONLY - form of music I do not like under any circumstance. I mean a reggae "Reggaeohead" remix of Karma Police is only funny for so long.) It has a damn bonny cocktail menu.  As is my wont as a waterbuffalo, I ordered a mocktail, giving free rein to do whatever they wanted. And, oh boy. Oh boy. What arrived was a delicious, cold, mousse-like strawberry ice cream kind of thing containing so much smooshed fruit you would not believe. It was practically a dessert, and as you know from my reviews, dessert is the reason I live. And for this cradle of bliss, what did I pay? 4, sir. Four of your tiddlysquit, if-it-says-Sterling-it's-real-even-in-London, bouncy rolling British pound coins.  My second mocktail was a non-alcoholic take on the mojito, and as such had a more refreshing, mature, sophisticated flavour. PFFT. (It was actually completely great, but I am simply a sucker for the jungle gym playtime of a totally silly dessert-like madness of the first kind. But it was perfect nonetheless, so no marks lost. I did know what they were bringing me, after all - the waitress suggested it.)  Talking of the waitress, she was marvellously attentive and patient, without ever becoming overly fussy over us. She was wearing a pretty cool jumper, too, as I recall.  Praise be to Tiki, for I have found an excellent den in which to sup my exciting mocktailish creations. I might take ear plugs next time. But kudos for the live DJ.
52 Canoes Tiki Den is flaming hot! And I mean that literally, my first cocktail (Mai Tai) was on fire!  Arriving for our April Cocktail Quest I was charmed to discover that we had two separate areas reserved for us, so we could choose which we preferred. We went for the wee hidden away snug rather than the spacious booth, and I was quite glad we did when the reggae was cranked up and all available floor space was filled with people having a boogie.  I ordered 3 varieties of cocktails, the last one twice as it was so delicious! A Gold something? Anyway, I could have drunk it all day. Not too sweet, not too sour, and it tasted alcoholic enough that I didn't feel like I was paying 7.50 for juice, it's my kind of drink.  52 Canoes is, I think, owned by the same people as The Espy down in Portobello and has a very similar food menu, barring a slight change in names (eg. The McEspy burger (haggis) becomes the McCanoes burger!). As a fan of the burgers by the beach I'm quite sure I'd like the ones by the infinitely more tropical but decidedly more inland venue. Next time I'm here (because there will be a next time), I'll be soaking up the booze with one!  Okay, it's kitsch, but it's a lot of fun! Thursdays are Reggae nights, so if like Cressi F you're not keen then avoid on this night, but you'll be sure to have a good time regardless.
Chic, quirky, cool, retro, cosy, comfortable, relaxing, welcoming, cheap, different, is how I would describe this wonderful place! The best place I've been to in a long time, highly recommend !!!!
Quirky and yep, totally like a Tiki Den, I quite liked it.   I stayed for one cocktail as I had a busy week and a hangover wouldn't have worked well in that mix but I did have a good margarita here so points for that.  Staff were great - especially with our gang of 'I like sour and...what do you recommend?' so drinks were tweaked to suit tastes and Cressi's strawberry non alcoholic cocktail was gorgeous!  Minus points - the loud reggae music. Yep, meant to add to the ambiance but it was just freaking loud and you couldn't hear people speak. Plus it was too loud at the early part of the night so hell knows what it would be like towards closing time.  Though there has to be a smile raised at the reggae versions of popular songs - reggae Karma Police anyone?
I was discussing, the other day, that some people seem to have a slight mental block about dining in hotel restaurants. I suppose the perception is that they're a touch pricey, but while that may be true, the quality is often extremely impressive.  In Edinburgh, we have some outstanding hotel restaurants. The Bonham is tremendous, as is Hadrian's and Brasserie de Luxe, and the George Street Bar & Grill and Bisque Brasserie are both rather good, too. Added to that number is One Square, the restaurant in the Sheraton, on Lothian Road.  Their menu blends locally sourced dishes, with items of a more broad, international appeal. I had a really lovely flatiron steak, and the cheeseboard, a blue cheese "flight", was probably the best I've had outside the Michelin places.  Service is as you would expect, and their dining room is very swish, so I'd recommend a visit to this somewhat overlooked delight.  Overall, we said "I enjoyed my visit to One Square. There's a lot to like about the menu, and I was impressed with my dishes. I'd recommend One Square as a place to visit, as there is undoubted quality on offer, in very stylish surroundings."
I wonder if poor service goes with "hotel guest" and/or "American". I have been waiting close to 30 minutes now for a soup to go and my check. The beginning of my meal was perfectly average- mediocre food and service. It's the after meal wait I am stunned by. With 4 other tables, it is far from busy.   Side note- as I'm reviewing my soup came- in a bowl for here as they "don't do to go". Well worth the wait
I went here last week on a voucher deal which I had purchased last year. The deal was for a 3 course meal for 2 people including aperitif and canapes on arrival. And a bottle of wine as well plus coffee / tea to finish. Before dinner, we had drinks in the bar and I was very impressed with the service. It is table service and peanuts and almonds were provded as nibbles, which was a nice touch.  On to dinner. The 3 course meal was from a 'daily specials' menu so some of these items might not be on the regular menu. I had a leek tart to start with and it was absolutely delicious, topped with lambs lettuce. My main course was salmon fillet, served with crushed potatoes and green beans. The fish was cooked perfectly - crispy skin and flaky fish with a delicious sauce (hollandaise?) to go with it. Needless to say I cleared my plate with gusto.  At this point, I was quite full and would have passed the dessert but since it was included I chose the ice cream sundae which was prestented with  some sort of a crispy cookie which was delicious. Coffee and frangelico to finish with.  I will definitely return. They have a very nice a la carte menu with lots of options to choose from and the bar is fab.
We visited One Square armed with a voucher from Amazon Local for a daily 3 course menu meal with wine, aperitif, canapes and coffee after.  Hotel bars and restaurants are not often visited by non hotel residents. This bar is no exception. Which is a pity for the people in Edinburgh that appreciate good location, excellent service and fine dining. I think One Square definitely deserves a place amongst the poshest of cocktail bars that this city has to offer. So what it is part of the Sheraton Hotel? It is still an establishment that caters for paying customers - and more. The prices are no more expensive than many of the bars you'll find in this category.   On arriving I was courteously greeted at the bar and advised that the it is table service, I took residence in one of the green designer chairs in the window, overlooking the Festival Square, Usher hall  and the Edinburgh Castle. They brought me my beer (Innis & Gunn from the draft - 4.90) and served with it a very generous selection of almonds and jumbo peanuts, yum.  Taking in the surroundings you cannot help but think, understated opulence. Dark red velour resting sofas with loads of scatter pillows to prop up against. The window seats are the aforementioned green designer chairs with high curvy backs, which act as sound barriers to keep the conversation to the table you are seated at.   Drinks menu looks like a gin blogger's nirvana - 51 gins from 7 different countries - wow.   When seated in the restaurant we got a gin (No3) and tonic as an aperitif. with some beetroot and salmon mousse canapes. They were shaped like mini ice cream cones. According to Anita A. they were yummy! (I don't eat fish)  We were supplied with 3 different kinds of bread & butter to wet our appetite a little further For our 3 courses day menu (choice of 2 starters,2 mains and 2 desserts) - I started with a crab soup - never had it before. Will not repeat that. It was nice, but not to my taste. For main I had chicken breast, creamy potatoes and a squared breaded meaty thing. bit of a mixed bag, but well prepared.  All this we washed down with a bottle of Chilean Merlot 2013.  The dessert is where they shone the most. I had a warm banana cake and cinnamon ice cream with some honey mango coulis - sharp & sweet. I just wished there was more. The size was decent: I wanted more.  We exited the meal with a cappuccino and a frangelico liquor side.  A very pleasant meal in well presented surroundings. The staff was impeccable. Well done to One Square.   Would I go back - yes - but I will choose my own main next time instead of the limited choice of the daily menu
What a lovely spot for lunch or an evening meal. The bar is gaining a reputation for its extensive selection of gins, and rightly so - there are 52 to choose from. They also do a brilliant gin tasting deal as well where you can try different ones with matching tonics for 18. Once seated in the dining room which has a wide-screen view of Edinburgh castle and great for people watching in Festival Square, we set about making selections from the extensive all-day menu. There are some exciting Scottish inspired modern dishes so making a decision is that bit trickier. I opted for the pan fried crab cake with avocado pure, spicy pepper dressing & cashew nuts which was really tasty. It's a huge crab cake stuffed full with crabmeat. My friend had the breakfast style dish of Macsween haggis (9), with woodland mushrooms & a runny sunshine-yolked duck egg. Others around the table went for the Salmon fish cakes, spinach, soft poached egg & grain mustard sauce (14) and the seriously huge Burger which caused some severe food envy! With slick but equally friendly service, flexible dining and such carefully presented food, One Square really is worth a visit. We are going to head back on an evening soon to try the wonderful sounding dishes including Lamb Wellington, with spiced carrot pure and burnt leeks (19) and Highland venison with kale, parsnip, cocoa nibs and damsons (23) and the Scottish langoustines, grilled with garlic butter (22) Yum!
It was a typical J-Ra Tourist Day when I made one of the most wonderful of discoveries. Strolling up the Royal Mile, my attention was caught by some attractive looking flats down Fishmarket Close. I ventured down the way for a closer look and that's when I spotted it in all it's blink-and-you'll-miss-it, Secret Arcade-esque glory.  Situated at the bottom of said flats, and halfway between the Royal Mile and the Cowgate, Michael Neave Kitchen and Whisky Bar looks to be one of those best kept secrets of Edinburgh. Hadn't heard so much as a mutter about this place, and not even on Yelp yet only strengthened the allure.  After a quick glance at the online menu it was decided. I had to explore this beast.  Specialising in British-Fusion cuisine with a heavy fine-dining vibe, I imagine Michael Neave will be a name that'll be bouncing around Edinburgh fairly soon. They offer a plentiful array of menus to suit the time of day or even the week, examples being their Mon-Fri Express Lunch Menu which offers an easy selection of 3 starts, mains and desserts, all of reasonable size in order to deliver and devour quickly for those on the go.  The lunch menu on Saturdays however are bit meatier and it was this set-priced menu that we decided to partake in. 12 for two courses or 17 for three seemed too good to snub.  For my part I chose a starter and main, while Steph went for a main and dessert. Before all that we were given some of the best complimentary bread I've experienced. Lovely soft and just warm enough to melt the butter, the size was perfect.... well I say that but we did ask for another basket. It was awesome!  The restaurant is split into two, the dining area downstairs with a pre-dinner type bar on the ground floor. On arrival we were offered a drink and seat in the bar before eating, which we politely declined, but I was impressed by the manner of the staff and the general idea. I can see this working well on busier evenings when tables are running over.  At our table I did have an Amaretto Sour (sans egg white - yeuch!) to see what thei mixologist was capable of, and he didn't disappoint. Very nice. Their cocktail menu is a mix of safe favourites with a couple of tasty=sounding newbies thrown in to mix it up a bit.  The staff were friendly, chatty and polite, although I must say I'm not a fan of waiters coming over mid-meal and asking how things are; I'll complain if it's not good so they don't need to ask. Bit too formal a touch but I can forgive them this as  A) to look at the place I would expect this treatment, and B) the food was just too terrific for me to care about that.  For starter I chose the Sea Bass with Avocado and Tomato Salsa, a lovely blend of hot and cold, the skin was crisped nicely on top and the meat was succulent and tasty. Not something I'd always choose but ultimately I was glad I decided to go for something outwith my usual taste.  Mains saw Steph go for the Tomato and Green Pepper Gnocchi in Cream Sauce and I couldn't see past the Pigeon and Venison Casserole with Dumplings from the moment I logged into their website. The casserole was spot on, the pigeon fantastic and the venison plentiful, a touch dry in spots but they were outweighed by the better bits and there was so much of it that all was forgiven. The gnocchi also was pretty good and if there wasn't so much delectable meat on the menu I might have even chose this now knowing how good it is.  One thing of particular note was the vegetarian options Michael Neave had on offer. Not that I take note of that sort of thing but definitely the best menu I've seen recently for veggies fine dining.  Steph's dessert was a cracker. Chocolate and Cranberry Brownie with Bourbon Marmalade Ice Cream, the latter of which just so happened to have been made up fresh a few minutes before by the creative chef, which our waiter asked if we would care to try. The brownie was ridiculously crumbly, just warm enough and oh so chocolatey. And the ice cream.... SOOO boozy, it was wicked. Although it did lose it's flavour after a couple of mouthfuls, those first couple of spoons were very memorable.  Looking at their ala carte menu it's safe to say I'll be back. The chefs have spent a lot of time and effort creating some original gems here, it would be rude not to take them up on the delights they are offering here,  Recommended. Get there before the word gets out!
Three vistis in 6 days says it all really. Why the fifth star?   Monday to Friday sees Michael Neave lay on an Express Lunch Menu for those on the go. The idea is simple: set menu of 3 starters and 3 mains to choose from, with a set dessert of Chocolate and Cranberry Brownie with coffee and a scoop of the Ice Cream of the Day.  'Very good', I hear you cry, 'but why the fifth star?'  The dishes are fairly straightforward in order for those in a rush to come, eat and go in an efficient fashion. Although they may be straightforward, that doesn't mean in any way that the courses aren't of an extremely high standard. This is fine dining after all.  So I've been lucky enough to sample this Express Lunch Menu twice this week:  Wednesday Starter - Ham Hough with Melba Toast and Fig Chutney Main - Roasted Venison Rump with Crushed Potatoes and Onion Dessert - Brownie with Whisky Ice Cream  Friday Starter - Game Terrine with fruit chutney Main - Baked Salmon with a Smoked Fish Chowder Dessert - Brownie with Vanilla Ice Cream  Two amazingly delectable meals.  'Indeed, Joe, very good But why the fifth star...?'  As if the above isn't already enough, the fifth star is awarded because of this:  8 for said 3 course menu, inclusive of coffee....!  Food of this quality is virtually impossible to find at this price. In fact I defy anyone to find somewhere that rivals this.  Every time I go here for the Express Lunch I feel like I'm robbing Michael Neave, to the point where I'll order a cocktail or a drink just to ramp the bill up a little.  It's ridiculous in the most amazing way ever. Said it before (see Los Cardos, see Oink, see Mosque Kitchen) and I'll say it again; the simple ideas are always the best.
I'm editing rather than updating this review because it's a good review and I was proud of it... so I didn't want you passing by THIS review for a shoddy version of it just to give this place one more star. So below find my first review and here I will make only one additional comment:  The gnocci here would make my Italian grandmother pee herself with happiness. They are what gnocci should be. The Butternut Squash Gnocci was BY and FAR the best vegetarian meal I have had in Edinburgh... This is not to lessen the impressiveness  the standards there is a FINE selection of meals that I love dearly here. But not ONE came EVEN CLOSE. Michael... if you are looking for a wife. I maybe could be single.   -------------------  Joe occasionally forces me to see the finer things in life, and I like to think that I contribute a little to his love for the large array of Brass Monkey-like establishments in the city.   Today was Joe's day to introduce me to some fine eating (dining?).   Apparently Mr. Neave is some sort of freakish savant who is ten and a half years old running this very cool, very chic eatery on/off the Royal Mile. Blink and you'll miss it or ignore it for its annoyingly prime location with way too many tourist traps around. But this place is a GEM.   You walk in and the two adorable waiters/hosts, impeccably dressed I might add, are there to meet and greet. The bar is cool, definitely a place I would enjoy an overly expensive cocktail whilst a date and I wait for our table (if he's paying... if not, I'll have the beer). Then we go downstairs and on the table there are some of my favorite flowers on the table... (which I have only recently realized I don't know the name of).  The food. The one star loss is simply for the completely irrational idea that we needed BOTTLED STILL WATER. For real? We're in Scotland! That shit comes off frozen peaks of the Pentlands - I don't want bottled water, the tap is fine.    Now the good stuff. And I am a picky jerk when it comes to fancy restaurants because well, I don't really eat meat... and when you don't really eat meat at a nice restaurant (I'm talking to you MARK GREENAWAY AND STOCKBRIDGE (see my other reviews)) you get treated like a SECOND CLASS CITIZEN in this city.   Oh but not here. Michael the freakish savant loves vegetarians. He even loves us pescatarians more. And there were A GAZILLION THINGS on the menu I could eat! I was in fancy shit heaven.   I opted for the tomato and green pepper gnocci which, let me tell you, my Italian grandma, dead or not, would agree that this dude knows how to cook him some potato pasta. I'm going to make a statement where the word LITERALLY (as Joe would be proud of) is used correctly. This gnocci was LITERALLY the most well made gnocci I have ever in my whole life tasted and I have been to Italy, my family is Italian-American and I have had a very handsome Italian man make me a bowl and then do romantic and slightly filthy things to me and STILL... STILL... Michael, your gnocci wins. Hands down.   Then there was the cranberry brownie and that was OBVIOUSLY awesome cause it's a brownie and there's cranberries in it.   But the winner was the bread. As always, true to my American Ethnicity... the free bread made my life better.   Thank you Joe for showing me the way, both literally and figuratively.
As others have suggested, this place is an absolute gem. We've now visited for both their lunch and evening menus, and both were excellent. The 7.95 three-course lunch deal is quite unbelievable value - I can't think of better lunchtime value anywhere in the city. The message is pretty clear: go soon, and go often.  Overall, we said: "Michael Neave was extremely impressive. The place has style and class aplenty, and the seasonally changing menu offers well-executed, imaginative dishes, grounded in showcasing locally sourced produce. I look forward to my next visit."
Excellent meal from a very talented chef and team. Creative appetizers of wood pigeon and apricot ravioli were great. We both had fish for our main, sea bass and cod, prepared very well. Nice local ingredients featured. We didn't have desert, but the complimentary chocolates were wonderful.
I'd heard a lot about Michael Neave. Especially his 7.95 express lunch menu.  I share similar tastes to my dining companions on the day too; and know that it had been highly rated in the past. And whilst my meal was nice, it didn't knock my socks off or even make my toes tingle a little bit.  7.95 for 3 courses is a fantastic deal, especially considering MN is going for fine dining. I had the venison terrine, beef and then we all had the brownie as dessert.  The terrine was lacking flavour. It was a nice portion size, and I did eat it all; but having just had venison and chilli the night before at a deli in Glasgow that I can still taste, this was quite bland. A few bit of chewy fat in there too.  The beef was a little dry and chewy in parts. Not a cut that would lend itself to being medium rare, and the sauce gave it flavour. An ample serving too. Again, however, the side of new potatoes with some butter needed a lot of pepper and seasoning.  I rarely season, if ever, and never with salt unless it's a few crystals of Maldon sea salt. So to have to add pepper to my potatoes, and wish I'd done the same to the venison, just wasn't great.  The brownie, with cherries, was rich and stodgy and mainly tasting of cocoa. Nice, again, but not a touch on the Peter's Yard chocolate and cheesecake brownie; or the Peppers brownies; or, well, a lot of other brownies I've had.  So overall this was a perfectly fine meal, and I can't sniff at the good value. But given I could pay a tad more for a really exceptional meal means I probably will. I'm hoping I got it on an off day. Laura D, Joe A and Blythe R all rate it 5 stars, and I know that none of them give out 5 star reviews lightly. But I can't see myself, off of the quality of a 7.95 express lunch, coming back here to spend full price on an evening meal - and surely thats the point of such fantastic offers?  But all the same, I had a very enjoyable lunchtime with wonderful company. And the service was friendly, attentive yet chilled out.
I loved this place!  In meeting a girlfriend for a boozy lunch, I picked Michael Neave due to the great reviews from Joe A and Steph D. I wasn't disappointed. They sold the place well and accurately!   Their sat lunch set menu was 11.95 for 2 courses or 14. 95 for 3. What a bargain! Only another 3 bucks for a yummy dessert! However.... In true 'Laura and Elaine' style we ended up choosing from the al a carte, the steak just too tempting an option for me to pass up.   My olive and mull cheddar tart was divine as were the tiny, warm homemade sun dried tomato bread rolls (I asked for more... Well I WAS hungover!!) which were served with your own individual serving of butter. Yum. Elaine's pigeon breast with smoky bacon also went down a storm. I had a taste and the thick lardons of bacon were delish and really made a difference.   My steak was tasty, I asked for medium well and although it was slightly done a little more well, i really didn't mind. It was seasoned beautifully but simply, the right mix of saltiness and spice. The fondant potato that came with it could have gone wrong (as they so often do) but it was perfect! Soft fluffy potato. It soaked up the nice bottle of French white wine we had nicely.   Dessert. Well. This was a slight let down but before I continue, they redeemed themselves more than I could have expected so I'm not marking them down. I chose sticky toffee pudding which I'd spied immediately upon first seeing the menu and it didn't matter what else I was eating I WAS HAVING THAT PUDDING!! So....It did look lovely but it had a funny taste which I couldn't place... Kind of doughy, like it wasn't cooked properly. Gutted.com! For once the waiter was nowhere to be seen so it sat uneaten for about 15 mins before he came back into the restaurant. I explained I didn't like the taste - was this a problem for them? No! He immediately apologised and I was offered something else. I chose the pistachio and elderflower parfait which was lovely, tart and creamy.   Another 2 glasses of wine and some coffee and we were ready to leave. Upon presenting the bill the waiter said BOTH desserts and BOTH glasses of wine were on the house with the apologies from the chef!! This goes to show, it's not about the mistake, it's how it's rectified!   The shame was the place was empty. On a sat afternoon! I know they are trying to build up custom slowly but they do deserve to be busy... So go forth my yelpers and scoff some of the highest quality food and experience some of the best service in Edinburgh!   I just really hope they don't let their current standards slip like so many restaurants do...
Comfy and tasty! Lovely place. Awesome location.
I'd not been here since it changed from Assembly, but was in the area recently and thought I'd give it a go. Visually it hasn't changed much, but gone are the excellent 5 main course options that Assembly was known for and in are average (verging on pricey) priced burgers, pastas etc. I had the Dunsyre burger which was fine, patty a little bland but a good size and the skinny fries were nice (could have done with more though!). Service was a little slow, but the waitress was friendly. What has bumped Bristo up from a 3 to a 4 for me though is the fact that they serve West beers - oh what a lovely site to behold, the West chalkboard of deliciousness! Not quite the full complement, but a better selection than most pubs in Edinburgh who, if you're lucky, sell bottled St Mungo at best. If I'm in the area I'll probably return, and it's always good to know where serves West!
The Bristo Bar deserves 5 stars. It's cheap, the food is tasty, and the service is up to par with Canadian standards (that's a good thing!)   One day it seemed as Assembly had magically turned into the Bristo Bar. I was intrigued. I've been a handful of times for mid-week lunch and a few times for after work beverages. Each time, my experience warrants five stars. I'm very impressed with the service. The servers I have had have been very knowledgeable, welcoming, kind, and overall in good spirits - essentially everything you wanted in a server.   I normally go for the club sandwich, which with fries is four pounds. It's delicious. I've also had their halloumi sandwich, and it was great. It comes with a very generous portion of halloumi cheese.   The drinks are cheap (it is across from Edinburgh Uni, after all). A pint of West lager is under 3 pounds. If you haven't had a West beer yet (Glaswegian brewery) definitely check it out. I'm a big fan of their wheat beer.   The venue looks fairly similar to what Assembly looked like - but that's fine.  I'll say the Bristo Bar has the best service I have encountered in Edinburgh. Do check them out!
I really only have come here for drinks. It's a really funky little bar tucked aweay on the royal mile on Blackfriars street. I like it for it's chilled atmosphere, and decent beer selection. Schiehallion on tap is always welcome!   I imagine in the evening it's got a great atmosphere too with it's weird tables and odd layout. I like it. Will check out food and report back!
We had quite a mixed experience in Blackfriars. Much like Gardener's Cottage and Timberyard, this place has been getting a lot of positive coverage for their commendable approach to sourcing and commitment to local produce, which is excellent news.   Unfortunately, their dishes are a really mixed bag in terms of the quality and, in particular, the balance. Too often, there is one or two too many elements at work, making dishes quite frustrating. The idea of making their own black pudding, for example, is tremendous, but it's just not very tasty, which is a huge shame.  The restaurant is quite stylish (we only briefly looked in to the bar, which looked fairly similar) and the waiters and waitresses are lovely, but it has some way to go before it's producing dishes that are really going to impress.  So overall, we said: "Blackfriars has some work to do to improve how the various elements of their dishes come together. There's no reason why they can't do that, though, given the quality of ingredients they're sourcing, so I look forward to seeing how things progress. For now, the place is smart and the service very good, but the food is very likely to divide opinion."
Blackfriars is hidden on the road parallel to the one on which the Festival theatre stands. The street is a wee bit run down and we thought we were in the wrong place!! However, once we found the restaurant, it could not be faulted. From the warm welcome we received to the modern, casual ambience and the good wine. The menu is a compact choice of unusual combinations, but all perfect cooked and presented. Every course was delicious!   I had for starters 3 Oysters with fresh lemon which were very tasty and my friends had home smoked trout and apple salad, and black pudding and eggs on toast which I had slight food envy over! Main course for me was Hake with summer peas, beans and samphire in a light butter sauce - yum! They guys had steak and chips and the silence said it all! Wonderful food and great service.
I have been here several times for drinks over the past few months and can not fault this cozy wee bar. The staff is always so lovely and friendly and the drink selection is immense with a full bar. During the summer they made some nice gin cocktails and they still offered it when I asked about them with no hesitation. They generally always have a good selection of beers on tap, but mainly I go to have a gin. There is an adjoining restaurant, which I haven't eaten in, but they offer some nibbles in the bar from the kitchen next door. It also isn't outrageously expensive.  The seating is really nice, with some cushions on the wall or some nice wooden tables with stools. During the summer they have a beer garden. There isn't really any standing place for people with drinks, but they do offer that you can do next door if there is no where to sit. Worth the wait though if you have the time. They also have one large table for a party of 10 if you have a few people with you. It is a lovely place to go before or after dinner, show, etc. and I've heard their food is good, hopefully one day soon I can try it. They are currently offering an amazing looking Christmas dinner, which sounded incredible and for the low price of 25 pounds. Maybe that's when I will get to try it.
A little gem of a place, really. Really centrally located but off the main walking routes so you need to know about it. I've been in the casual bar side only, for light bites to eat and a drink, both at lunchtime and in the evening. The beer selection is really interesting and the staff friendly and knowledgable. The atmosphere is relaxed and casual, but trendy. I've not been to the restaurant but I imagine the food would be absolutely delicious, based on what we had on the bar side.
This was the best meal we have had in the UK. As Californians, we are accustomed to excellent, fresh food. This was the first example of the kind of cuisine we love. The venison was cooked on a charcoal BBQ and was so flavorful and tender. It was accompanied by barley and greens that were perfectly cooked and really enhanced the flavor of the meat. The plaice with muscles and cockles was perfectly cooked. Pan fried in butter, it was moist and melted in your mouth. Dessert was a rhubarb tart with rhubarb sorbet. Scrumptious.
After hearing quite a bit of positive feedback about this place I booked the set festive lunch menu (30 per head) for my brothers birthday lunch. Overall it was lovely! Not one of us had a food option that didn't go down well.  My starter of pumpkin gnocchi, wild mushrooms and a sage and Parmesan butter was scrummy! Forks from the other members of the table immediately pointed in my direction (ironic considering they all poo-pooed the vegetarian starter option initially!). The gin cured sea trout, buttermilk pancakes and caviar also got a thumbs up from my boyfriend however as an avid fish and seafood hater there was no way I could sample. 3 of the party were tempted by the baked eggs, ham hough & sauteed greens - soft & tasty. The winner however was definitely the gnocchi!   For the main, I was really disappointed to hear that the partridge was off as the supplier had ran out. However it had been replaced with pheasant. Having salivated over the menu for weeks, I'd really gotten my hopes up on sampling partridge which I hadn't eaten before... grrr...however, I was assured the pheasant was equally as nice. Hmmmm...not sure..... the meat itself was slightly tough for my liking and had quite a lot of blood vessels through it which turned my stomach a bit. The actual foot (yes foot, claws and all!!) hanging off the end of the pheasant leg put me off a bit too... however I'm a wimpy, squeamish person, not used to eating game meat. It genuinely didn't bother my Mum who had the same dish.   I was delighted to find my main accompanied by the obligatory Christmas sprouts - cooked perfectly, with some additional raw sprout shells sprinkled on top!. There was a gorgeously textured, creamy chestnut puree and perfectly balanced ju, with some unidentifiable crunchy nutty flakes on top which actually turned out to be shaved raw chestnut - drooooolllll..... The baked Jerusalem artichokes replaced the usual side of potato and it worked! The texture was amazing....sooo good in fact my brother went out and bought some artichokes to cook with our Xmas dinner. For the sides alone, this dish got a huge thumbs up from me.  The rest of my party chose the poached ling (some kind of meaty white fish similar to the texture of monkfish) with cockles, brown butter & sea herbs and the rib eye steak with chips (slightly oversalted) and barnaise sauce. Cleared plates across the table!  For dessert I opted for the apple and almond tart with mulled wine sorbet  - lovely tart but I'm not a fan of sorbet in general and this was no exception. The blue murder blue cheese and ale cake went down well although we had a split opinion at the table on the bread which was spiced and dense and resembled too much like a cake. Some liked it with the cheese, some didn't. I actually had a similar view with the 'treacle soda' bread offered at the beginning - tasted too much like a treacle scone. I'm in the camp that wants savoury bread with my meal! Stop experimenting with the bread Mr Chef! :)  The service was excellent and the Australian (?) waitress was very attentive and friendly. It wasn't busy, which on the last sat before Xmas I was actually surprised at, however it must be the location. Like Michael Neave (another one of my rated places) it wont get much passing traffic. Well worth a visit however my fellow Yelpers. They even do tasting events which i'll be checking out in the new Year. The January 5 courses & matched beer event is fully booked but the next one is beign planned for April and might be worth a visit....
Exceptional food.  Exceptional service.  Fantastic food. Beautiful presentation.  We were lucky to find this place for lunch being its their first time opening for lunch as they usually only open for dinner.  The lunch menu is essentially the same as dinner , at half the price we went with a pre-fix of starter and main for 8.50 and finish full, completely satisfied, and still had room for desert.  The chef owner Matthew and his lovely wife Carla came out and talk to us for quite some time, and gave us wonderful tips on what to do for night life (George Street).  She even gave us a complimentary cherry with the desert.  This place is a definite 5 stars on food quality, beautiful presentation, exceptional service, and at such a fair price.   Thank you Matthew & Carla.
We were here on our last night in Edinburgh.  The meal was quite good.  We started with a spiced lentil soup.  It was quite tasty.  For the main they were out of the goat cheese pastry option, so I ordered the cod.  The fish itself was good, but it was served on a bed of overly salted veggies.  I think my bf ordered a risotto (which was rather tasty as well).  We ordered sides with our mains.  The Sauteed kale and the roasted potatoes are not to be missed.  There sadly was no room for dessert.   It's a nice place.  I was happy with the experience.  As I understand it, the restaurant was 1 and a half weeks young when we visited.  Recommended.
Some of the initial reviews on here, and over on Trip Advisor, had Spidey-senses tingling, as they didn't quite have the ring of veracity about them, so I selflessly took it upon myself to pay this place an early visit.  It was so good that I'll be dragging a bunch of Yelpers along for a visit, once the Festival frenzy has died down.  The Atelier's focus is on local produce, with dishes constructed classically, but showcasing new and interesting flavour combinations.  I had a warmly spiced cauliflower soup, followed by a lovely venison dish, with particularly tasty vanilla carrots.  The venue is styled very minimally, so could feel a little sparse and cold to some, but the warmly welcoming waiting staff more than make up for it.  I really enjoyed my visit, and look forward to sharing it with others, soon.  So overall, we said: "The Atelier is a really promising new addition to our Edinburgh restaurant tapestry. The quality of their dishes is very high, and all the other elements for success are in place. The location could be the only weakness, as other places have struggled to establish themselves in this neighbourhood, but their offering is compelling enough to demand a dedicated visit. You'll be as impressed as I was by this elegant, welcoming place."  (P.S. this is a sneaky wee Yelp exclusive, as the full LQ review won't post until later in the week)
A bit disappointed frankly :( although the yelp company was top notch as usual :) I feel a bit mean scoring this place 3 stars when everyone else rates it a 4 or 5 however I can't bring myself to give any more. Well not based on tonight's experience anyway.   My reasons:  1. There were tiny fruit flies buzzing all over the place that were really annoying. Having to fish flies out of a drink isn't a good start.  2. We were a table of 8 but given the timescales for serving our food, forcing some people to start before others have been served, the kitchen clearly isn't geared up for big numbers.  3. The food is a bit overpriced in my opinion. And I base this view on the quantity of my starter and the quality of my main dish. 4. My starter of cep and ricotta raviolo in a mushroom consume was delicious (really, really tasty in fact!) however what bugged me is that the portion was soooooo tiny. One raviolo sitting in a huge white plate with a small hole in the middle. For 6 bucks I expect a bigger portion. This isn't a Michelin star restaurant so I don't feel they can't justify high end prices.  5. My main of pork belly, pork cheek and pork fillet with lentils was a bit of a mixed bag. The pork cheek was lovely and I'd have happily eaten that on its own in a bigger portion however the fillet was tough and chewy and so was the pork belly. Overcooked pork is pretty dry. The lentils were fine albeit quite dry. Dry lentils and dry meat. Hmmm...   I Was looking forward to trying this place for ages as I walk past it every day on the way to work. My expectations were pretty high as a) it looks nice b) it's always busy, even during the week (good sign) and c) the reviews on yelp were all really good! Not sure what went wrong really!?
The Atelier provided us with a good evening out, but failed to live up to expectations (which were quite high, in part due to a ringing endorsement from David Sedaris during the Fringe). As others have mentioned, there were fruit flies buzzing all around us, and one helped himself to some of my wine. The mains came out at a stagger, leading to that awkward "no really, please start" situation that leaves the early-served to choose between eating alone and letting their food go cold. The size of my main (the lentils with blue cheese topped with a sun-dried tomato salad) left me a bit hungry, and the side of chard that I had ordered simply never showed up.   Everything I tasted was good, and I particularly appreciated that the vegetarian mains were not starch-based (it's a lazy chef whose vegetarian options begin and end with risotto and soggy pasta). Which is why I intend to go back again - The Atelier definitely has potential.
I really enjoyed my steak at The Atelier restaurant. I really enjoying the lovely company. I enjoyed the ambiance and decoration. And the staff were very friendly, genuine and eager to get feedback.  The menu is small but offers some interesting choices. Smoked venison, scallops, raviollo. My scallops were delicious, very fresh and well cooked. The raviollo was well received, although all agreed that one ravillo was a little too small.  My steak, which I ordered rare, as a generous size and very well cooked. A conversation ensued about the varying degrees of "rare". It wasn't French rare (ie, still blue and cold inside!) but it was still deliciously bloody and I was very, very happy. Nice chunky chips, and both the chips and steaks were well seasoned.  However, there were a few things I think that will improve as they settle into themselves more.  As Laura D mentioned, there were lots of little fruit flies constantly buzzing around. They kept landing on my glass, they fell into two people's glasses. I'm not fussed by one fly, but there were a lot of them and they were constant, and a nuisance. It's not what you want to see or battle against throughout a nice dinner.  Also, the prices and portion sizes. 7 for a starter, that then is two scallops. Well, that is fine dining prices and portions. And the same for one raviollo. It's not to say that the food wasn't worth the price, but those portion sizes for starters are normally for Michelin starred dining, and very fine dining. I think its relaxed fine dining, so could do with just a little bit larger portion sizes.  The staff are lovely, and open to feedback. I really enjoyed the interior of the restaurant. On a wet, September evening, the warm brick walls, the candle light, and nice company made it a lovely evening. Hopefully the fruit flies were a one-off, the portion sizes of the starters might grow slightly, and they continue to serve delicious steaks and other mains!  I wish them every success, and will return to try the lunch menu soon.
We live in the neighbourhood and were delighted to see a new restaurant opening up. My husband and I went on our anniversary, after a long day at work. The food was fresh, perfectly prepared and delicious.  The service was outstanding. Good food in a comfortable, unpretentious atmosphere. You can tell that very detail, from the teapots to the chairs, was carefully thought out.  We plan to make it our regular place to dine.
I'll try not to repeat what other Yelpers have said already.  I really like this place - yep there is stuff to iron out but the staff genuinely want customers to love what they do and really want to take the feedback on board.  The menu changes regularly and there are tempting options. I agree with Jenny and Laura that the prices could come down - I would say about 2 on each course. That would bring it into line with the casual fine dining vibe of The Bon Vivant.  Presentation is beautiful and plates uniform which when you've got a group is essential - nothing worse than 'you've got more sauce than me!' if you think your food is dry. I had the carpaccio of venison - slightly overdone but meat was still beautiful. I also really enjoyed my main, pork 3 ways - the pork fillet (first piece was over done but the second was a lot better). The pork belly was good as the fat just melted away and the pork cheek was delish! I also loved the cinnamon apple sauce. The puy lentils came in a cute casserole dish - no complaints here as this is a dish I cook myself (minus the evil celery).  The kitchen is small and I suspect they were a bit overwhelmed as it was busy for a post festival Thursday night with most diners arriving around the same time. Toilet spacious and clean which is always a good sign!  So all in all, I'd go back to see how they are bedding in. The menu has great options (staff will advise on gluten free, etc) and the presentation and flavours are fantastic so I'm hoping The Atelier has a future in this part of town :-)
Upping Atelier to four stars after an enjoyable lunch there this week. The lunch menu was 12 for two courses or 15 for three, which seemed an excellent value for the quality of food. You have three choices for each course. The mains included a meat, a fish, and a vegetarian dish.   Before our first course the waitress delivered a carafe of ice water (yay, no need to ask for refills) and two slices of warm, crusty bread with a tasty pesto dipping sauce.   The pacing of the meal was a little on the slow side for a lunch. It was fine for us because we were not in a hurry on this particular afternoon, but for folks on a limited lunch break, this might be a problem.  My lentil, spinach, and chick pea curry was enjoyable as a main. I followed this with the cheese plate, which was nice except for the fact that the cheeses were served at refrigerator temperature (oh, the horror).
Visited Atelier on my daughter's birthday. The food was delicious, the service subpar. The filet was beautifully broiled and juicy, the duck delicious, the two fish plates nicely done. The chips were fat and fantastic.  The service was not up to standard for any restaurant, much less one of this pedigree.   First: I had specified that this was a birthday dinner when requesting the reservation. I didn't expect anything special necessarily, but my experience is that most restaurants will have a special touch - a candle on a free desert perhaps. When we arrived, the matre de mentioned the occasion, but then the waiter asked if we had brought a cake, because as he explained, they don't usually do anything special. We did not have a cake in tow. He then whispered "no worries, we'll do something..." but something never happened.  From then forward, there were long delays between ordering and food arriving, desert menus and subsequent orders, and then finally, the bill.   It is a small dining room but perhaps they need to increase the waitstaff by a person or two so that the quality of service matches the meal itself.
As far as restaurants go this is a very good example of attentive friendly service. The food we had was very good. We had the duck (3 ways) for starters and steak for main. All cooked to the desired level. The portions are ..eh.. balanced. Not to little, but in all fairness, certainly not too much. I guess this is fine dining, all in moderation. I am sure if I asked for more I would have gotten it.  Scott who was serving us is a very happy, friendly and helpful guy! Though he is still struggling with the slate vs cutlery on clearing the plates, I am sure he'll get there some day! :o)   I enjoyed it and it was a nice meal.
If you think a couple of sausages and a dollop of mash doesn't sound much of a meal then think again. These are seriously big portions, and choose your sausage from a range all of which sound so scrummy it is genuinely hard to choose. It's simple fare done well. Wire in!
Hier gibt es berraschend leckeren "Mash" (Kartoffelpree) in verschiedenen Geschmacksrichtungen mit einer oder mehreren Sausages. Die Atmosphre ist etwas verspielt und man gibt sich sehr kinderfreundlich. An der Wand hngen jede Menge von Kinderhand gemalte Wrste und zwischen den Tischen stehen Comics und Kinderheftchen zur Lektre bereit. Die Preise sind OK und satt wird man von den reichhaltigen Portionen ebenso.
Edinburgh is undergoing one of its occasional renaissance moments as suddenly a flurry of bars and restaurants open.  The new focus seems to be the quality ("craft") beer and food combo.  The Hanging Bat, Brewdog and Vintage lead the way, with the refurbished Fountain and renovated Elm Bar now the Jeremiah Taproom.  Added to the list is the brand new Safari Lounge, which was the Station Bar on Cadzow Place, Abbeyhill.  Until recently a relatively untouched classic Edinburgh pub (reviewed separately on Yelp) with the infamous Safari Lounge at the back.  The new owners appear to have grabbed that concept and refurbbed to covert the whole pub to the Safari Lounge.  Nice decor, still reminiscent of the original, long narrow with 3 relatively separate spaces to sit, including the original Safari Lounge at the back with its own fantastic cocktail bar.  Food now features prominently with meze style offerings, hot dogs etc.  All seems to be high quality.  Good range of beer both on draft and bottle.  It does not appear to be aiming at the high end beer market (like Vintage) but there is some quality on offer.  Actually the new high end beer places have their own niche but can miss the mark a wee bit as decent, warm, inviting pubs in the old style.  I found that the Safari Lounge had this sort of genuine pub character in spades and actually probably my favourite sort of hangout (it reminded me of the Pond on Salamander St when it first reopened a few years back).  Bit more relaxed but cool.  Good friendly staff, decent welcome.    All in all I REALLY like this place. Just a bit out of the way so a bit more selective in terms of clientle. Cool vibe, great food and beer.
I agree with Arthur D - there is definitely a bit of a renaissance going on in the bar scene in Edinburgh at the mo'.  Lots of dodgy boozers being transformed into something more upmarket. I've yet to try the cocktail bar through the back & I haven't eaten here yet either. Must try both - any excuse to go back (again).  Each time I've been in, it's been for a drink on the way home from being up town.  The bar staff are friendly, there's a good selection of beers on tap and in bottle, which is a winner with the OH, the house wine is good, which is a winner with me.  It's definitely going to be my new local and I'm looking forward to many more visits in the months to come.
My friends and I were shopping in the Meadowbank area and at some point decided it was time for some lunch. I had heard good things about the Safari Lounge, so suggested this and as it was just round the corner we decided to go there.  Being Saturday afternoon with football on etc. the pub was very busy. However, we managed to secure a table in the back room. A really friendly waitress came to take our drinks orders and we studied the menus. I have to say the Safari Lounge menu is the most interesting and diverse I have seen for ages. I mean - mussel popcorn, anyone? Or would you rather have some sushi? Don't worry - they've got it all covered.  We ordered mussel popcorn and chicken wings for starters. Both were very tasty. There was a little pot of tartar sauce to go with the mussels.  Main courses for 3 were lemon and black pepper chicken with thai slaw and salad, jungle king prawn curry and ribs and potatoes. Just like the starters, everything was well on flavour. The ribs were amazing - tender juicy meat falling off the bone. The accompanying potato slices were a tad too salty for my taste, though. Jungle curry had amazing flavours and it came with a couple of chapatis on the side.  I really enjoyed my lunch here. The atmosphere is very relaxed and they're not trying too hard which contributes to the easy-going vibe.
So sweet. This is so welcome in the neighbour. A funky wee hangout spot. Love the layout. The old man pub mixed with zebra print!  Food was lovely. Granted I only had the bean salad. And what a salad!  So beautifully perfectly cooked. Crisp and bright green beans mixed with Parmesan I think. I still am thinking about it and it is about 3 weeks ago I went with a friend. Great service groovy music.   I'll be visiting again. Good prices.
Was a regular here for years when it was The Station Bar. I never thought The Safari Lounge would work. Well it does. The staff are friendly,and will go out of their way to help you. The food is top notch. The chef is a great guy. I would recommend this place to all. Give it a try,you will be surprised.
Unable to find anything that I didn't like about this place. The atmosphere, service and food on offer was impeccable. For the offerings I have to highlight their own Safari Lounge Beer. This is made especially for them by the Bellhaven Brewery.   We sat in the back (the original Safari Lounge as some remember) and it was a nice affair with a sunny afternoon beaming through the windows. The 'fire place' and orange walls made a surreal effect of a warm summer feeling in the winter.. weird but effective.   Edinburgh needs an injection of a little jungle heat. The hot dog version I choose was Jungle Brother - now I (my nick name being Jungleboy) could not resist. It was roaring with spices and heat. Thanks Chef!   Oh a little nugget: The owner/chef used to be the Head Chef in Joseph Pearce. He is a good 'un!  Nugget 2: he'll be opening the Lioness of Leith very soon - Stay tuned.
Came here for food as I'd heard good things about the hot dogs and I wasn't disappointed. First of all, I'm not an expert on hot dogs and have virtually nothing to compare this too, but having said that it tasted good. Secondly it was a bratwurst which I'm not sure if that makes it legit in the eyes of hotdog purists but anyway. I and my friend both went for 'the jungle brother' (yes that really is it's name) which was a bratwurst with chillied beef and manchego cheese on top. We ordered a side order of fries as well. I was concerned that this might not be enough but in the event it was perfect. (I'd go for fries along with your hot dog if you're a greedy git like me as the hot dog on it's own probably won't be enough, for most guys anyway) The bun was nice and light and airy and seemed to be lightly toasted on the inside. The bratwurst just seemed like an ordinary bratwurst but was nice and went well together with the chilli on top (though the chilli was a tad dry perhaps and I didn't get a huge amount of flavour from it) I didn't get much impact from the manchego either to be honest I wouldn't have been able to tell you it was there actually and I think without the juiciness of the bratwurst the whole thing  may have been a tad dry. This is nitpicking though as overall it was pretty decent. My friend who's tried the chilli dogs in America seemed pretty impressed.  The hot dog came with a small side salad- lettuce and finely diced cucumber, which could have been a tad oily for some but I liked. The decor of the bar is sort of jungley, retro chic with animal heads on the wall and the waitresses were friendly and service good.  So all in all I'd recommend it, not amazing but definitely competent, a tad pricey (the jungle dog was 8.95 I think, certainly 8 something) but definitely not extortionate. If I could I'd maybe only give 3.75 stars but anyway definitely worth a try. Plus they have some good bottled beers, my friend had a Weisbier I'd never seen before. One final thing though, I saw that the menu contained momo fuku and sushi. Now, if they can do good A. hotdogs B. momo fuku and C. Sushi, I'd be very surprised. Also it's a bit random never mind ambitious, I think they'd be better of just sticking to doing one thing really well.
Can't comment on the prices as was treated here but the cheesecake portion was a good size and well presented, service was very good and the range of alcohol also very good. Kudos too for the tangerine & black tiling in the Gents.
After a few more visits this place has actually surprised me more and more.  I did not know that they regularly changed their menu - from seasonal produce to new dishes altogether.  My last visit included vegetarian Nuri Sushi - yes SUSHI! I, who cant eat fish, was so pleased to know that I can enjoy the taste of sushi without having to worry about my allergy. A big thank you to Joseph Malik - the chef who introduced these culinary delights.  I enjoyed a main lunch of a Safari Chorizo Brunch Salad - bit heavy on the barley, but tasty. The proof was definitely in the pudding - or in this case their Passion Fruit Cheesecake with vanilla ice-cream.   Well done and keep it up!
Yelp  review-- safari lounge  23 may 2 pm  Have had a most delicious meal here again. The service is great genuine and friendly. The chap who makes the smoothies is inventive and creative. I'm not a fan of banana so he did a watermelon apple fresh mint. SURPERB!
Had an appointment to pick up keys to a nearby airbnb flat at the Safari Lounge. Being quite late, about 10:30pm, but being hungry (don't want to go hangry...) after delays getting to Edinburgh via London from Stockholm something was needed, but wasn't expecting to find anything at this hour.  Even if the chef went home the staff fixed together a really nice meal with feta, hummus, salad, ham, bread, olives and other stuff. Really nice atmosphere, friendly hand helpful staff and good, fresh food. Got nice ale too! Win!
New place, only popped in for a couple of drinks but already very impressed. Great selection of drinks on tap, cocktails and friendly staff! Haven't tried the food yet but the menu looks great.
Decor reminds me of ha ha bar and kitchen which was in Glasgow many moons ago. Brick walls, wood, just the same kind if vibe really.  Popped in for a quick drink. My cocktail was a bit meh but Jenny and Laura's choices were lovely. Menu looks great and I do plan a return visit to try as lots of tasty options and I would like to further explore the cocktail menu...
Hit upon this new venue by accident. A lovely bar which serves excellent food. The staff were welcoming and friendly and there is a casual feel. There is a fully stocked bar with a wide range of Gins and Vodkas on offer as well as a nice wine selection by the glass. There is also an extensive cocktail list.  The food was fresh, very well cooked and packed with flavour. It was also notably well presented.   The meal was extremely good value for money and I would definitely return if in the area again.
Found this on Yelp and decided to give it a go. Service was friendly and fast. We ordered the sea bass, which was delicious, and the beef burger, which was very good though the chips had a little too much salt on them. However, that was a minor gripe. I would definitely eat here again and would recommend it to others.
Very good cocktails from an extensive, creative menu. So many kinds of bloody mary! Makes my heart smile. Will definitely have to go back and try the food sometime soon.
Well wasn't this a pleasant surprise. I dont often pass down Morrison Street, but when I had dinner at The Atelier with a lovely bunch of Yelpers, and Laura D suggested drinks here beforehand (it being directly opposite) I thought it might be a wee, old-man type bar. How wrong was I.  For a start, it's massive inside, stretching from the bar to the back upstairs, then a room downstairs. It's only been open 2 weeks, and whilst it doesn't have that fresh-paint smell, it looks very new and beautiful. Although the style is more old-fashioned, with exposed brick work and dark wood.  All the tables were laid out for food, which I thought was unusual. Usually in bars there's a dedicated dining space, then the rest is just for drinks. But when we asked to take a table just for drinks it wasn't a problem.  The cocktail menu is really quite fun, and I enjoyed reading it a lot. I went for the "Misery is Optional" cocktail that has a coconut-water icecube, and quite fruity. It was really sweet, I couldn't really taste the alcohol, but it was fun nonetheless! Claire, Laura, Julie...well everyones cocktails (we must have ordered 6 different ones between us) all seemed quite fun and went down well too. The cocktails were quite well made, and felt less serious than the likes of Bramble, but still held their own. I'd come back here to try a few more, that's for sure.  It's really very new, and it was quite quiet when we were there mid-week. Time will tell what sort of crowd they attract, but I would like to go back. And I am curious about the food too....
This place is amazing like the other two locations- but the Scottsdale Cornish is special, because it's located in what was two older homes.
Awesome place! Love sitting on the patio. :-) This is my first time here and from now on I'm going to try each pasty...just go down the list.
It was our first time to Cornish Pasty Co. and it did not dissapoint. One thing to keep in mind is it takes 15-20 min for them to cook one of their fresh pastys so if you are hungry make sure to order a side salad to start to help hold you over.  Their lime pesto house salad dressing was amazing!!  The food was great and the huge outdoor seating will keep us coming back!
We went there Saturday night. The food was great. The pasties were hot and golden brown. They have many different varieties on the menu so it is hard to choose. They also have many beers on the menu to choose from.  I liked the atmosphere. It reminded me of eating in a pub in London. We will defiantly go back.
I had a really nice dinner here last night with my husband and toddler daughter and neighbor, Trystan.  Our neighbor is actually from Cornwall and he was the one who brought us here to try the regional specialty of his home turf.  Obviously, he is a regular here.    Now I had been to the Cornish Pasty location in Tempe, but it had been a few years ago, so for all intents and purposes this was my first real, sit-down visit.    They let us sit where we wanted and we chose a nice spot out on the patio and they brought us a high chair and drink.  I got a glass of the house Riesling.  (It was delicious) and our waitress brought a small pewter plate of bread slices and a small dipping cup of tomato soup for our daughter.  I thought that was really thoughtful of her.  We ordered a side of chips with a spicy bean dip for the table, and everyone enjoyed that.  I also got to taste the cup of soup that Trystan ordered, a creamy potato, leek and Stilton cheese combination.  Honestly I wished I'd ordered a whole bowl of that soup for myself!  Amazing.  I ordered the Oggie pasty and it was a thing of beauty, deliciously browned and filled with a hearty, meat and root vegetable mixture.  It came with a flavorful sauce that I *think* was a red wine reduction.  My husband got the Cottage Pie and he said he really liked it.  And apparently it was hefty enough that he had enough leftovers to take for lunch today.    By the end of dinner we didn't have any room for dessert, which means we will just have to make an effort to come back and try their delicious sounding desserts; like sticky English toffee pudding!  Keep it up guys, I really liked what I saw last night; the food, service, ambiance, everything.  Spot on!
I had been a huge fan of the other two Cornish Pasty locations in the valley and had been eagerly waiting the opening of this one closer to where I now live. In short, it didn't disappoint and was fantastic as always.  But to be more detailed, the new location is amazing. The remodel/renovation they did on the property is beautiful. Adequate amount of both inside and outside seating. They have several large tables, so it's a great place to come with big groups as you can all fit at the same table and eat, drink, and be able to converse together. The ambiance in general is casual and mellow, but with that unique gastropub vibe. Menu selection is huge, there is truly a pasty for anyone. The beer selection is also great. I really like the fact they have 14, 20, and 32 oz draft sizes, rather than just standard pints. You're bound to find something that you like here, and it's always matched by friendly and helpful waitstaff that makes for an enjoyable experience every time.
AWESOME!!!! Great service, great food, just eat here, you will not be disappointed. We went for lunch and called in our order ahead of time. We got there, sat down, and were served right away. If you are short on time, this is the way to go.
The new Scotsdale location is everything I like about CPC cranked up to 11.  The location is bigger than the ones on University and in Mesa.  They have a good sized patio and a pretty spacious interior that is shiny and new. While still delivery some tasty pasty as always.  We stopped in for lunch the other day and the service was terrific.  The wait seems to be about on par with the other locations. It's not the quickest place to stop for something to eat, but it a great choice.  This location actually has appetizers on the menu which should help out a bit for those who are more impatient and or hungry.  Try : - Vegetarian Cottage Pie - Eggplant Parm
I've been a fan of the Cornish Past Co. for years now and love going to their expanded Tempe location. However, I was really excited to see the brand new Scottsdale location. It has a gorgeous outdoor patio and bar and the inside is very spacious with plenty of seating. It's really nice!  Tuesday must be a slower night because hardly anyone was there but my server was very friendly and my pasties were very good. They obviously have recipe and ingredient consistency between the different locations.   I definitely recommend this place to anyone.
Wow, what horrible service. I love this place but my server not only ruined my night but my entire tables. If you love great food, atmosphere and drinks come here. But be aware if you get April she will take forever and you will get cold food and flat beer.
Scottsdale has scored big on this new place.  A fabulous spot. BEST food, ambiance, and service. If I could, I would hook the entire place up and drag it to San Diego, just as it is, and with all the employees.  Sit at the outside bar or head inside for raucous fun. I have tried a different pasty each time I've visited the one in Tempe, and this brand new place knocks it out of the park.  Eat half your pasty, pack up the rest and save room for the sticky toffee pudding! It's rich and tasty, and served with ice cream, which makes it a perfect dessert. Yummmmmmy!
RE: Cornish pasty company in tempe.   the atmosphere at their new location is quite different. it's in a bungalow house, with huge amounts of outdoor seating...on a porch....next to the street. it's like being at home and eating outside watching the neighbors walk by! very cool location.   service was great, food was just as fantastic as their tempe location. it's brighter and more well-lit....i think more to fit the scottsdale crowd, but the food alone is superb enough for all peoples of planet earth.   i had the vegetarian chicken asagio this time. it came with a side of salsa and sour cream to calm the heat from all the chiles. as usual, it was packed with savory goodness.  well, thank goodness one of the tastiest and budget friendly dining options is just down the road from us now.
This Scottsdale location just opened a few weeks ago. I found it by accident as I was driving on Goldwater one afternoon. It has a large outdoor patio and the inside is much larger than their Tempe location. I'm not sure if the outdoor patio was created in haste, but the craftsmanship on the furniture is shoddy. My father, the engineer pointed it out, but he was right.  I had to be careful where I placed my cocktail on our table as the boards were sloped and crooked.   The menu is the same (YAY!!!) which is great. No need to mess with a good thing!!! So all the awesome flavorful pastys are there plus their amazing desserts.  Our server was very nice, although with the exception of serving our table, I never saw her. She never came out to check on us during meal service.  I have one non-negotiable:  I'm not sure if it was kitchen staff or customers, but people were smoking on the south patio. I know it was outside, but it was wafting over to where we were sitting and I don't want to smell cigarettes while I'm eating....or anytime for that matter.   Although I love love love the Cornish Pasty Co, as of now the Tempe location is my favorite.
Tried this place out for lunch and what a treat it was.   The tradional pasty is a great meal all by itself.   The building is an old home that has been converted and there is a very nice patio where you can sit and watch the world drive by.  It all makes for another great restaurant experince in Scottsdale.   Try it out before they start advertising and the rest of the world finds it.
I heard so much about Pasty's and I've been on hiatus eating out since I've had my little one , but now that im back at work ... so BRING IT ! I ordered the Italian Pasty which has Pepperoni, salami, capocollo, ham, mozzarella, fresh basil, and roasted tomatoes.  I never had a pasty in my life and oh man have I missed out . The crust was buttery , yet a little light (  ) and flakey and the layers if the inside was more than perfection . I ate  1/2 and was expecting to revisit the other half for dinner and that didn't work out so well. I cant wait to go back and try others.
Finally a Cornish pasty co. That can actually fit people! This new spot is awesome, it has a really nice outside deck area and a huge bar you can sit at.  For all you newcomers, the good seems simple but it's amazingggg and the drinks are good and cheap.    Three tips:   -Irish car bombs (better than usual) -mushroom walnut soup (literally the best soup in the world, even though we are in Arizona) -pepper steak pasty is really good
Good eats and lots and lots of libation choices.  If you're new to the pasty world, try the Oggie- it's the most traditional. My husband loves the red wine gravy sauce that it comes with.  Also, it would be really good if the owner could ask his waitstaff to not play with their facial piercings at any time when they are working. That was a little disturbing.
Great atmosphere great service prices are right and food rocks!! I'll be back this place makes pasties the way there supposed to be.
I gotta give them 5 stars.  I love the old house ambiance and the friendly service.  My Italian pasty was excellent and enough for two meals.  They have a great beer selection.  Be sure to enjoy their patio when the weather is nice.
So glad they opened this up in Scottsdale!  They have a great patio and it is a decent size!  They have a variety of different pasties to choose from.  The pasty itself is so fresh and tasty, you can't go wrong here!
This is the BEST new restaurant addition to Scottsdale since ReHab Burger Therapy!  I love this place, the compound is huge and very welcoming, I love the chunky wood tables, but not as crazy about the "fixed" in place barstools. You can tell the kitchen is serious with just a glance, but after a few bites it's amazingly obvious that this place is for real.  I had the Greek salad with chicken and The Royal Pasty, both were firkin AMAZING, there is only one other salad in Scottsdale that even gets close to the quality and flavor of this one, and that's The Chopped Salad at Humble Pie.  The Royal might have been the best thing I have eaten all year, seriously I have craved it every day since!!!! The expert flaky crust and incredible ingredients within are pure perfection!  Service was just great, efficient and friendly, our server was well trained and had a personality to back that up!  The location is awesome, though I expect parking might be a challenge if the place is packed and it often is packed. It sits smack dab on Goldwater near Main St and the views and people watching are lots of fun.  I have heard about The Tempe location for years and I cant believe my first try was last week at there newest but not last location!  Cornish Pasty Team, YOU GUYS ROCK!!!! GREAT JOB, an THANKS for opening in my hood!!!!
The building is fabulous and the bar is great too.  That is where it ends. The food is a clever step up from bar food.  It is a lot of pastry and  mixture of interesting ingredients.  If you never cooked then this might be intriguing also if you are 22  years old.   The music is blaring to the point of  waitress screaming at us and still  didn't know what she said.    I cook infinitely better at home with one hand tied behind my back.   Too bad for us it could have been a cool place to hang more than once. We won't go back.
What a great little spot. I came in here for my birthday with a girlfriend last week and it is so cute! We were a little confused at first because the seating isn't traditional (at least that's what we gathered) you just walk in and pick a spot.   Our server was so sweet. I dont remember her name but she was great. We ordered the meatballs which we were super excited to try and after we ordered them she came over and let us know they were sold out. We were a little disappointed but she already had a second recommendation for us which I appreciated. We got the wings instead and they were delicious! The sauce was so sweet and tangy. I loved them.  I ordered the chicken vindaloo pasty and my friend ordered the bangers and mash. Both were super good! They are basically just glorified hot pockets and I don't have any problem with that!   I didnt order a drink but I did notice that they had a great beer selection.   Great food, great service and priced fairly. I'll be back!
It's so easy to give this place 5 stars because they do what they do so well. Not pretentious.....just good pastys (Gourmet hot pockets if you want to explain to a friend)...beer...and an amazing setting!Certainly one of the best restaurant designs in Scottsdale. Good for a date, even better for groups, or just come by your lonesome and enjoy all the beautiful creatures that frequent.
Woah. As much as I love the Tempe Cornish Pasty, this location kills it. It's a stark contrast, the Tempe location is dark and divey while this one is very open, lots of windows and natural light with a clean and welcoming feel. The new menu options are a great addition, and the design and layout are slick and eye catching. As much as it irks me to say it, I'd rather drive the ten minutes to this location than go to the one within biking distance of my house. It's like I was dating the Tempe location, but now that I've met her sister in Scottsdale, I think I'm in love.
Finally made it!!!  Location is great / menu and tap selection is great!  Wanted to give more stars on this one so bad...   The problem is no matter how much our friends swear we must have caught an off-night I've seen other complaints on here about the soup being way too salty! Also the service was lacking - we had to wait way too long between beers for refills and the pasties were dry if you ask me.   I'll be giving it another try because I want it to work out so badly - were the hell else are you gonna get bangers-n-mash in Oldtown.  Keep ya posted and hopefully upgrade some stars on this one.
This new location is a nice upgrade (building wise) to the other locations.  The food and drinks were great, as usual.  However, after being seated, it took over five minutes before anyone even stopped by the table.  With that said, the service was great afterwards.
100th review WOOHOO! This is a great new addition to old town! I came here with friends for a  few drinks and some food! First off, their patio is AMAZING! It will be perfect in the spring! I had a HUGE 32 oz beer ( I cabbed it out- don't worry) and loved it!  I also tried the "Oggie" the orginial pasty! It was AMAZING. I had never had a pasty before and am so glad I tried it! I am a fan and actually scheduled a happy hour there this week! Can't wait to go back!
Stopped in for some appetizers and a beer - They have a good selection of beer on tap, as well as bottled beer. They had Arrogant Bastard Ale on tap so I was happy.  We ordered three appetizers - All were nicely done and used quality ingredients. We had Chicken Liver Pt with Crostini's and red onion marmalade, Tandoori Wings, and Scotch Eggs - Hardboiled egg, wrapped in sausage and breadcrumb with honey mustard. All were flavorful, My favorite as the scotch eggs. They had indoor and outdoor seating. Prices were reasonable.
My bf and I came here on a Saturday night date and we were entertained the whole time! We sat at the kitchen bar so we could see all the action in the kitchen. Chefs and wait staff were tentative to our requests. Also the owners were present and cheerful. Bf ordered the Mexican patsy and I ordered the peppered steak patsy. Bf and I determined the peppered steak was the winner. We also started with appetizers. Bean dip served as a cold dish and the Scottish Egg which was surprisingly delicious! I'd recommend this place for amusement and a great meal. Enjoy!
I am OBSESSED with Cornish Pasty! i recently visited the Scottsdale location after discovering that it was there! I have been to every other location and always am super satisfied! This location help up to my standards! Helpful and friendly staff and as always, amazing food! Love it!
The concept is very simple, but it has been executed flawlessly. The British Cornish Pasty is the Spanish empanada, the Jamaican patty, the Indian samosa. It is essentially meat and veg wrapped in pastry then baked. Done right it can be delicious!  I'm English. I grew up eating pasties. Although being from the north-west of England the pasties I ate weren't Cornish, they were a variation of the Irish pasty. Same concept, but lighter pastry, flakey, almost puff pastry. I always thought the crust of a true Cornish pasty was too tough, almost cardboard-esque, (some say they were made this way to prevent damage if they were dropped down a mine). But this is not the case for the pasties from Cornish Pasty Co. Here they are done well.  At Cornish Pasty Co they are light and tasty and the fillings were great. And oh, the choices! From the traditional Oggie to lamb or chicken or pork or cheese steak. There's even a tongue-in-cheek pasty which pays homage to Pulp Fiction. If you're a vegetarian, there aren't just a couple of choices, there is a whole page for you!  The beer list was extensive and varied, the patio wrapped around the whole building and the service was quick, attentive and engaging.
Today was my first time at this location. Aside from it being semi hard to find and there being almost no parking, the food was amazing and the service was very quick and attentive! Love Cornish!
Everytime I come here I try a new pasty. The rosemary chicken is by far my favorite. The chicken tikka is great if you're feeling Indian food. The peppered steak had an odd flavor and the lamb vindaloo is HOT!!! My favorite side is the broccoli and calliflower bake! Do not pass this place up! You cannot beat the service and atmosphere!
I like this place. I really do (I'm giving it four star after all). However, I wasn't as blown away by it as a lot of others seem to be. My friends used to tell me about going to the Tempe location all the time & how much they LOVED the pasties.  I mean, the restaurant itself is really nice. I liked the set-up/atmosphere. It has a "clean" pub feel to it if that makes any sense. I really like the wood tables. The patio is really nice (that's where my and my dining companion sat for lunch). The bar area looked really nice as well, and from what I can tell they had several beers on tap. Service was fine on our visit.   The pasties were definitely tasty. I had the Italian, and I guess when you're eating something that's similar to a calzone anyway you look at it, and you get the one that's MOST similar to a calzone it's a little difficult to get a sense of how unique pasties really are. They have several interesting options, many of which I'd really like to try in the future. My dining companion and I also split an order of fries. I thought they were good, but a little crispy. I like my fries on the crispy side, but a good portion of them were almost a little TOO crispy. We couldn't tell if that's why they were going for or not.  My friend really liked her hibiscus ice tea. She's been here a few times and said all their ice teas are really good.    I'd certainly come back to Cornish Pasty Co., and it seems like a fun place for a large group to grab a meal. Like I said though, I guess I'm just not totally enamored by pasties (but they are good).
All I have to say is I went there 3 times in 1 week.  The chicken tikka masala was exceptional.  The service isn't always the greatest but the food makes up for it.  Go here and thank me later.
We went here for lunch after my friend's graduation from ASU. There were 6 of us in the group and we had a wonderful time. I liked the simplicity of the restaurant - both in the concept and decor. The food was flavorful and delicious. I had one of the Italian pasties and it was like a folded pizza. It's a great place for a casual meal with friends.
Cornish past was one of the first places I ever reviewed on yelp.  It started as a restaurant that seated maybe 30 people to the 3 location behemoth it is today.  I've heard they are opening a location downtown in the near future as well. I finally got a chance to check out their new location in Old Town.  As usual it did not disappoint.  The GF and I split the Royale and a side of mashed potatoes and cheese.  I washed it down with a delicious Kronenbourg.  Love that beer.  They have a great beer selection.  You can get anything from Four Peaks to a bottle of mickeys.  Who doesn't like a mickeys every once in a while? I am happy to see Cornish continue to grow.  I will continue to support it every chance I get.
These pasties are delicious.  I never had anything like those before.  I got the lamb pasty and it was very flavorful, especially with the sauce that came with it.  Service was excellent.  WARNING:  It'll take time for your food to get ready, but it's worth the wait.
Calling all hipsters: your home has been found!  I have enjoyed the Cornish Pasty Co.'s in Tempe and Mesa; Scottsdale's locale does not disappoint. Yes, the crowd is different. Rather than college kids looking for good food or the older crowd looking for their silverware in the darkness of Mesa, you get more of a hipster/Old Town vibe. The ambiance isn't as unique as other locations. From lighting and use of space, it doesn't compare to other locations.  But the food is better. The portions are bigger. The pasties are tastier. If you are looking for outstanding food just off the Old Town strip, you are home. I'll be back.
Delicious!  I've had this spot on my to do list forever.  I finally tried it over the weekend and boy was I missing out.  Simply amazing!  I've only ever had a pasty when I've been in the UK...and I may go as far as saying, it's better than what I experienced in Britain.  Modestly priced, great beer, and a large menu selection, including a full vegetarian menu offering the use of Quorn meatless products.  The atmosphere is modern pub with a nice relaxed ambiance.  I love how this spot offers traditional English eats with a culinary twist.  The cottage pie and tikka masala pasty was scrumptious!
Bout time!  The "salty soup" issue seems to have been fixed - the Mushroom, Walnut, and Spinach soup is def worth your time. My girlfriend and I like to split it as an app before we order main course.   Beer selection is still good - and servers are good about letting you sample a beer or swap out if you get the bottom of the keg...  Service on the patio can still be slow at times but I think overall it's a fresh selection / experience for Oldtown - glad I could throw up the extra stars!
Wow!!  This is my new favorite place in Old Town!  My boyfriend has been there a few times and took me yesterday.  First of all, they have a fantastic patio, which was a wonderful spot to spend a 70-degree, sunny Sunday.  I couldn't believe how packed the patio was at 3:30, but it was almost full.  There's also ample seating inside, which I will need in the throes of the Arizona summer.  Second, their drinks are relatively inexpensive and strong, and happy hour lasts all day on Sundays.  Third, the pasties are DELICIOUS!  My bf has tried a couple but has stuck with the Reuben because he thinks it's the best.  We ordered a Reuben and a cottage pie (like Shepherd's pie, but with beef and not lamb).  They were both amazing, but the Reuben was definitely my favorite.  The dough was cooked perfectly, the meat was in thick, tasty chunks, and the thousand island was very flavorful.  I usually order apps when I'm out to eat, but there's no way I could have at this place.  The pasties are big!  I barely ate half of each half that I had.  My only complaint is that there are too many different types to choose from!  How will I ever try them all?!  I will definitely be back soon and often, now that I have been introduced to this neighborhood gem :)
Have been to Cornish many times between the Mesa, Tempe and Scottsdale location and all I have to say is that this place is all types of mouth sex.   The bottle and draft selection is always exciting. I have neglected to try anything from the cocktail list yet but that does not mean I am not avoiding it by any means! The food is amazing and alike I'm sure the cocktails are too!   A few favorites: Curried potatoes... amazing The Pilgram... omg your saying i can have thanksgiving whenever I want?? The Lamb Vindaloo... prepare for some heavy breathing from the heat. so. worth. it.  The layout of this place is very comfortable. Along with what I call comfort food the staff and the environment really pulls it together.  A must to visit if your a new resident to PHX, traveling through or you just live here. I promise it wont be your last time back.
Love the scene and the food! All of us really enjoyed the pastries! Highly recommend giving this place a try! The peppered steak had good flavor and the sauce was bold but tasteful!
I have been in love with Cornish Pasty Co. since they opened in Tempe in 2005. Since then, they've opened a location in Mesa and now a location in Scottsdale. I have been waiting for a Scottsdale location for years and my wish was finally granted!   My husband and I have been here twice since they've opened. The first time we came for dinner. We found parking easily, but I can see how the parking lot could fill up fast. There is no hostess station, it's more of a seat yourself establishment. If you catch a waiter's eye, they'll tell you to sit wherever you wish. I'm totally cool with this. Luckily, there is a lot of seating - both inside and out. We chose to sit outside, so we could enjoy the patio. The patio is large with an awesome bar, a square table fitted around a tree, and large liquor barrels stationed about (for decoration/tables). Our waitress was quick to stop by for drink orders. When she brought us waters, we were ready to order food. The Scottsdale location has some new appetizers that the Tempe location doesn't, so we decided to try something new the Parliament Wings. My husband ordered the lamb and mint pasty and I ordered a bowl of soup - my favorite being the cream of leak with potato and Stilton. Our wings were quick to arrive and were tasty. Not the best wings I've ever had, but still good. The soup and pasty arrived as we were just finishing up the wings. They were delicious and tasted just how we expected. (I would highly recommend the soup - especially if you like Stilton or any blue cheese. It is tangy and smooth. It also comes with some house made bread which is scrumptious.) It was a very good meal and definitely lived up to the high expectations we had.   Our second visit was for lunch. We decided to try the Cornish Meatballs (another new appetizer) and ordered a pasty to split. The meatballs were different but good. The meatballs are wrapped in bacon and come in a small cauldron like pot which has croutons, sauted onions, and a tangy mustard-like sauce. Again, our pasty was delicious. (I love their crust; the little braid on top is my fav.)   Overall, I would say this is a great success and I will definitely be back. I am super excited to finally have a Scottsdale location so I can now get my pasty fix whenever I want!
I had to try this place out just based on how cool it looked when I drove by it on Goldwater each day. I had heard lots of great things about the tempe location and was excited to have one closer to home. The atmosphere is indeed awesome, super open and airy, very comfortable and full of friendly hipster waiters. The food is good but not incredible. I have no other pasty to compare these to but they are on the heavy side (as Im sure they are supposed to be) so don't go expecting to walk out feeling good about your healthy choice for the day. They are, of course, tasty and the atmosphere alone is enough to get me back some day. Solid choice over all.
Pasties are delicious! The restaurant is very open and comfortable, I recommend sitting on the patio. Great beer selection, Service was great. Definitely recommend
Food is interesting, but good. Love the atmosphere and the staff. Great place to relax and enjoy something different.
I have yet to enjoy this locations tasty pasty's (but I have had their pasty's at their original location), but this review is specifically for their drinks and patio. Recently, we enjoy drinks on their beautiful patio. With the weather being perfect, there's nothing better than sitting on a patio like Cornish Pasty and enjoying a cold drink and snack. The patio wraps around two historical homes with pretty trees hanging over the tables. They have large tables to fit big groups and plenty of seating at the bar. I was impressed with their extensive beer selection and particularly enjoyed the banana beer, yes banana beer! I will write more once I have the chance to enjoy a pasty here, but so far, I am nothing but excited and happy with this great new addition to Old Town!
Very good food, great ambiance and service.  We are here recently for lunch and I didn't know what to expect. It was a toss up between a rosemary chicken pasty (pronounced pas-tee) and a chicken pot pie pasty.  I went with the chicken pot pie and it was delicious. Big chunks of chicken, delicious vegetables and large chunks of potato.   The service was excellent (three different people stopped by to help) and the wait was minimal for lunchtime. I would definitely recommend.
I love me a good pasty and they are delish here!  So many to chose from!
So bomb!
This location is a little different then their other locations. The other locations are more grudge type of bar, the sco one on the other hand has a nice clean look to it. All the pastes that i have tried so far have been awesome. And plus the beer are super cheap. So glad they finally have a location in sco.
Loved the pesto chicken pasty!! Yummy!  Comfortable, enjoyable place! Service is a little lacking...at least the server we had. Others could be better...don't know!
Delicious.  It's hard to choose.  A favorite is the Pilgrim.   A complete Turkey Dinner in a crispy crust.  Sounds gross but it's yummy!  Share one and save room for dessert.
If you are in Scottsdale, and haven't tried The Cornish Pasty, you are missing out. It is a winner. The price is great, the food is better than great, and they know how to pour a proper pint of Guinness. My favorite pasty is the pilgrim. It's like thanksgiving in your mouth. It's also very vegetarian friendly, with several great veggie pasties on the menu.  The beer is a bit expensive ($5-$7 pints) but they have such a great beer selection, that it's worth it.
Piping hot and tasty. Rosemary chicken flavorful and filling! Wonderful, friendly staff. Thanks Yelpers!
This delightful restaurant opened up a few blocks from my home and my friends and I have have fallen in love! The pasty's are delicious. The soup is to die for (and the fresh baked  bread), the Scottish eggs are so very very yummy!  But what we really love -- is the Beer Selection!!!  Boddingtons on tap! Strongbow, Kronenbourg, Flemish Ale  We love the Pasty because the music is always perfectly loud, we never have to yell to talk to each other - conversation is actually aspired to in this great establishment!   The staff is engaging and friendly and make you feel at home, instead of a dollar sign. Katie is our favorite bartender and we also just love Phil.   The ambiance is just delightful! The colors are warm and inviting, the tables are large and roomy and invite you to meet your neighbors! We love sitting at the outside bar, with beautiful stools and plenty of space!  This is my favorite place to grab a bite and hang out in our neighborhood (Oldtown)! Everyone who comes to town also gets the pleasure of going with me here as well. This is my go-to for every guest and my friends and I to hang!
Awesome food, and this location is great for outside seating.  Lots of vegetarian options (that are good) and the sauces are all delicious.
The food here is pretty solid.  I had the desert and it was pretty good. The warm peanut butter jelly goodness inside was just delish.  I was pretty tossed so the server was not so much on my mind.  Good food when you are drunk,
Friendly and casual, very " pub like", bench seating, inside and out, staff is courteous and amicable. Service is prompt but not rushed, waitress explained menu items- she knew her stuff. Pasty dishes (not pastry) are unique, varied and very tasty. The menu has a brief entry on the history of the pasty. Sort of like a Calzone, but a light and flakey crust and a large selection of fillings. I had the chicken pesto w/ artichoke - very good! Give it a go- you will not be disappointed.
This place is really nice. The decor is warming, the setting is great and is pretty spacious.   The service was awesome (that's the 4th star right there). Ilana is great!  I had the leak soup which was tasteful and filling.   The peppered pastie was good as well as the rosemary garlic side red potatoes.  Prices are also not that bad.  Great place to become a regular.  Cheers!
My first time here was last night. We sat at the bar and the service was amazing. Great bartender, awesome happy hour and the food was amazing! I had the Eggplant Parm and my fiance had the Royale with chesse! We will definitely be repeat customers here!
Amazing! The food, atmosphere, and service were all perfect. The best Pasties I've had!
Wow! Great place. Love the menu and how different this place is to other restaurants. The atmosphere is very down to earth. Food is great. Will be back and will recommend.
Great afternoon atmosphere. Great beer selection. And awesome Pasties! Like 30 pasty options.
The chicken liver pate was fantastic!! They give you an overabundance and are more than kind to give additional bread when you devour it.   We stopped in for drinks after a game and it was a fantastic experience. The beer selection was great and the ambiance was one of the best in Scottsdale. Get their early to get an outdoor seat on the bar.   They have a great happy hour and drink specials.
As one writer wrote, the furniture is uncomfortable; picnic style no backs.  My husband and I had the lamb and mint pasty and the "Oggie."  Both were dry, heavy on potatoes.  The beef in the Oggie was tough and tasteless.  The cole slaw was merely shredded cabbage with mayonnaise.  No tang or crunch.  Looked intriguing, but if you are there for the food and not the bar scene, it isn't much.
Food was fantastic. Service was a little slow but other than that, loved it.  Great patio and inside seating area.
I wasnt as crazy about this place as our friend who recommended it but it was generally good.they were out of the salmon and we ate at 5pm..disappointing as thats really what we went for.instead got the eggplant parmesan which Our party liked and i got the mushroom walnut soup which was fine.some of the music played was way too chaotic..the sound was a mix of styles..some motown some r and b and obviously some screechy hard sounding music..couldnt talk over it and unpleasant.
Very cool place. Great bar area and patio. Good service and the food - primarily Cornish Pastys - are good and something different from the norm.  The Pilgrim is like Thanksgiving dinner in a turnover.  Excellent.  Diverse beer selection, both on tap and bottles.  Good place to hang out near Old a Town Scottsdale.
Awesome concept, awesome meal. The review may raise to 5 stars if I were to try different pasty options, but this review was for the ones we tried. We had the shepards pie and greek pasties, both were good, but others looked like they were much better. The smashed peas and fries were also awesome.   I highly recommend this restaurant!
Its "ok". Food is pretty heavy--not for anyone who likes healthy or restricted diet. Great ambiance, good bar and patio. Terrible service and kept having to ask for things from water to silverware to our tab...and it wasn't even a particularly busy night...
I have only been to the Tempe location and loved the food there, but was looking for a more "upscale" atmosphere to take my parents to when they were in town.  This place was perfect. The patio seating was beautiful. It had nice shade from trees and other patio overhangs and the servers didn't forget you when you sit outside. The inside was just as nice too, but a little bit more noisy. The food here was just as impressive as the other locations. I got the leek soup and The Greek pasty and they were so good. I would also recommend their iced teas! They have some pretty great flavors as opposed to just the traditional iced tea.   Great service, great atmosphere, and great prices. Can't beat this place.
This location is as good as the Dobson location. The pasties are some of the best I have ever had. Try the "Pilgrim" and you we be enjoying the taste of thanksgiving in a pastie!
I consider myself a regular at this point. At the beginning when the location first opened there were a couple of rough spots. Now however I feel the place is a great addition to the Old Town mix. Great bartenders good diverse crowd from 21 to 80 . This is what a real pub should be like. If you don't like the pasty choices try the pasta salad with chicken. So happy to see no TVs .
Get the pilgrim. Enough said.
It's all about the ambience...and this place nails it! Fits into the Old Town fabric like a glove. Great indoor/outdoor bar, pastys are all delicious. Best of all, and definitely not least, this place is not the typical Scottsdale holier than thou place. Blue collar feel and staff. Welcome to the neighborhood  Cornish. Kick up your feet and stay awhile ;)  And the music...yeah, cool enough to play 'Bad' from U2. And it fit right in  :)
I like this place. You should try the hot pocket. It's my favorite. And oh wow, there's a ton a sexy bearded men there. Pretty great. Kinda wish they had some more local drafts.  Carne Adovada pasty gives me a spicy foods boner
Finally, I have completed my trio of visits of all the Cornish Patsy's in town!!  And guess what, yet another 5 star from me!!  I have to admit, I truly believe that Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite restaurants here in Phx, and just about everywhere else. We are so lucky to have a restaurant like this in the valley. Maybe with my support I can persuade them to come to the North West Valley.....please.lol  Ok each Cornish I have visited are have the same food, but total different vibe. The Tempe one is very dark and grungy. Black walls will do that. Mesa has almost a church feel, with a bit of French corder in it. Weird in their own ways.   The Scottsdale location is made from 2 restored houses. A lot cleaner looking than the others yet has a lot of charm. The first thing I liked is how large the patio is. With connecting the two houses it's like 1 giant patio with a wrap around porch. We came on a perfect spring night and sat outside.   Service was great..for the food I had the Cajan chicken, wife had the Mexican, friend had peppered steak. We liked them all, but the least liked was the Mexican, probably wouldn't order that one again. My ultimate favorite pasty is the Meat and Cheese. In fact my friend from Austin that came in to see me wants to go back here on way to the airport and I'm already craving what I'm going to order!! Ha  Oh if no one knows what pasty's are, they are basically a hot pocket on steroids! But made with all natural and fresh ingredients and a flakey crust. Amazing. That all I have left to say.
It's too bad that I couldn't give Cornish Pasty Co. four or five stars like the rest of the reviewers.  Like always, the food is ridiculous...  The Oggie is always a classic and the Pilgrim was excellent, but the service sucked, just like the other locations.  For a Thursday night, it wasn't too busy.  We sat on the patio and enjoyed the great weather.  Our server was knowledgeable and friendly and gave us quite a few suggestions on which Pasty's to branch out on.  After we ordered, the service went downhill as it took about 35 minutes for us to get our food.  I can understand that these pasty's are handmade, baked in the oven, but it shouldn't take that long to get your food.  Maybe if there were 40 tickets ahead of yours on a busy Friday or Saturday night, sure... but it was damn near empty.  I would like to see how Cornish Pasty Co. handles themselves on a busy Friday or Saturday night.  I was severely disappointed by the crappy service and will likely leave a bad taste in my mouth for a dine-in experience.  Maybe this was a fluke, but I have had very similar experiences at each location and its disappointing.
I really like this location.  As a long-time, Old Town resident, I love supporting all of our local restaurants & bars.    The staff was really nice, overly nice actually.  Kind of strange, but I'll take it.   The food was pretty good.  I'm not a pasty guy, but I can't complain about it since I decided to dine at a place which specializes in pasties.  That's on me.    The only con is that this place seems like a hipster hangout.  Each time I've been, I've noticed quite a bit of those annoying types.  They can ruin any environment.      But overall, I like this place.
Not like anything else in Arizona.   I've been to the Mesa and Tempe locations and this is probably the best atmosphere. Not to say the others suck, they're great. Even though this is in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, where douches run amok, this is the location to visit. It's built into two houses. They have a giant bar that also stretches to its patio seating.   The food is top notch. Can't go wrong with The Mexican or Cajun Chicken. What's even better is that they have vegetarian options for their traditional meat pasties. Really can't tell the difference between the two.   Really enjoy the English spirit they have here. Also can't hurt that they have Strongbow.
I have visited both the Tempe and old town locations and I really enjoy both for their unique vibes, but the old town location is a little more open and has a great patio to enjoy. I have tried several of the pasties but my favorites are the more traditional ones, especially the chicken pot pie pasty - just a perfect, flaky crust and rich, saucy fillings that warm you to the core.   Speaking of warming you to the core, get yourself a cup of the leek soup - it's so underrated and you won't even believe it. Spread some butter on the house made bread, dip it in the soup and you've got yourself a little piece of heaven.   Always great British beers and ales on tap too - one of my favorite restaurants to bring visitors to in the valley.
Cornish Pasties have been a personal favorite of mine since a visit to Bath, UK a few years ago. Usually, enjoyment of pasties is highly selective to the individual: however, Cornish Pasty Co. offers a massive selection of options friendly to anyone. The difficulty is: finding the right one for your taste. Here is a rundown of the ones I've tried:   Bangers and Mash: Pros-hearty, heavy, gravy-filled meaty goodness. Cons- overloaded with "mash" (mashed potatoes).   Chicken Tikka Masala: Pros- a great one to try for those tired of the meat-overload. Great spicy/mild flavor profile. Cons- sauce is a bit sweet, chunks fall out while eating.  The Royale with Cheese: Pros- my personal favorite pasty of all time. Meaty, cheesy, buttery, sweet, savory, EVERYTHING IN ONE. Make sure to get medium with bbq sauce. Cons- too much potato. Kept me asking, "where's the beef?"  Cajun Chicken: Pros- if you want meat, this one's the way to go. Overload of nothing but spice-rubbed ham, chicken, and bacon. Cons- not a ton of taste, a bit too much meat for my tastes (and that's hard to do). A bit of red/green pepper, broccoli, or other lighter veggie really would've helped.  For dessert, we went with sticky toffee pudding and B-something pie. Both tasty, nothing amazing. Good way to top off the meaty, buttery meal. The staff was terrific, portions were MASSIVE (), great ambience. Seemed to be aiming for a British pub/eatery style, making it really enjoyable for a hungry party! One of the greatest aspects of the place was the music they were playing! 70s-90s classic/alternative rock, with some modern too! Modest Mouse, Led Zeppelin, Arctic Monkeys, Black Keys, you name it. Definitely heading over to the Vegas location, thanks for the fabulous, memorable, filling meal, Cornish Pasty Co.!
If there is 6th Star, I would give it 6 star for the great taste of Pasty, chill environment and natural friendly staff!   Environment: Super Chill Food: 5 Star+ Staff: Very friendly  Tomato Soup with homemade bread -  chewy and melted as you chew the bread. I would buy a whole package and eat everyday if I'm not in a fitness program, and too bad it's their homemade only.  Scotch Egg -  not bad, good addition; not impressive though.  Salmon, ham, melted cheese pasty - it tastes way x3 better than it looks. Hot & Crispy pasty. Can't explain how much satisfaction it gives. Never had better "Sandwich", period!   Hot Sticky Toffee Pudding - Hot Pudding vs cold ice cream. Put the ice cream in it and you won't forget this taste. It's the taste of childhood.
Always great service, food tastes amazing, awesome outside atmosphere. I have only been to their Scottsdale location, but have become a regular. Great prices as well! Make sure to check it out on Wed evenings for their wine specials!
P-ay-stee, P-ah-stee, or P-aaaa-stee, however you say pasty- it is good stuff.  When I went here with a large group of work friends, we found many interesting ways to say "pasty" and after the beers started  flowing even more ha!  If you are very hungry this is the place to go!  A pasty is similar to a calzone or an empanada but with a thin-ish pastry dough as opposed to a bread/pizza dough around the outside.  You can fill it up with any kind of yumminess you would like and the menu is full of delicious options.    The drink menu is decent with a good selection of beers and I am a fan of their house cocktails considering 3 out of 4 of them have gin :)  The service can be slow, but they are generally nice and informative.  The patio is great for groups with bench style seating and picnic tables.  Two historic homes make up the building and  inside there is a view of the kitchen and the staff usually waves hi, which is very pleasant and inviting!
Finally had a chance to try their newest location and as the four stars say, Yay, I'm a fan!  I've always liked pastys and have eaten them in places as diverse as Northern Michigan, Canada, England, and Northern California. That's why I'm excited that this local restaurant is thriving here in Arizona.  The Scottsdale location is nice and big and although I was here for lunch I would love to go back in the evening and try a few of the beers on the menu. The patio is very comfortable with misters to keep it cool and the interior looks great with lots of seating for both large and small groups.  Cornish Pasty Co. is definitely a great new addition to the oldtown Scottsdale area.
Just had the chicken pot pie pasty and OMG it was incredible. A must try.   Can't wait for the Phoenix location!
Wow!!  This place has impressively yummy food with a beautiful modern atmosphere and great service.  This is the sort of place that makes its vegetarian food taste so good that it doesn't need to be super heavy to compensate for missing meat.  If you're sad that you haven't eaten shephard's pie since you gave up meat, mosey on over!   The vegetarian cottage pie is generous, hearty and flavorful - makes you forget you're not eating meat!  We've tried the lovely bit o'salmon and three different vegetarian pasties.  The pasty shell itself is really nice - flaky and yummy but not in a heavy, thunk in the stomach sort of way.  Each pasty choice has been burtsing with flavor.  The salmon is light and flavorful and the combination with the aparagus is just lovely - and the dill cream sauce has a wonderful light tang.  The portobella mushroom has beautiful vegetables and melty cheese, perfect with marinara.  The vegetarian chicken and rosemary is not too dry, and spiced well with nice texture but then the mustard cream sauce hits it out of the park.     The place itself is lovely.  There are tons of seating choices - inside and out, wrap-around bar, big and small tables - it's large but interesting.  The decor is rich and dark with lots of refrences to mining (read all about the origins of the pasty on the menu), and the service is attentive and informed.    After multiple excellent visits, this place is definitely 5 stars!
What a charming place with wonderful staff.  I came here with my Sis and her kids during my visit on Memorial Day Weekend.  Thankful that I had the whole brood with me as  I was able to take a bite out of everyone's pie.   Ordered: Scotch Eggs - tasty, however I would've preferred the yolk to be more on the medium side Lovely Bit a Salmon - refreshing, the lighter choice from all the other pies  Bangers and Mash - can't go wrong with this sausage and mashed potato Shepherds Pie - another classic treat in a pie The Oggie - perfect with a great wine aroma Sticky Toffee Pudding - comes to you hot a la mode or with creme anglais (or both), we opted for just the creme anglais.   London Mule - a wonderful accompanied to wash down the pie  All the crusts were perfect and this pie lover is in heaven.  The atmosphere was warm and friendly. The staff attentive.  This is truly a gem in downtown Scottsdale.   Thanks Yelp for leading me to this great establishment. I'll definitely be back.
Always a solid meal. Great food, beer and atmosphere.  The spicy asiago chicken is excellent!
Service was great, food was amazing! I had only been to the Tempe location, but this one is my new location! I had my favorite, the "oggie", wings that were phenomenal and a couple of beers. I'll definitely be back!!!!
This place is amazing. A huge upgrade to the original location. Great beers a good prices.   The name says it all, Cornish Pasty...aka the only English food that doesn't suck. Great outside bar... Perfect for day drinking.
4 stars for food... 3 stars for service!   I finally got myself here to give it a try. It was definitely worth it, there were plenty of options that were vegetarian and even vegan friendly.   There was a group of us, so we had to wait to be seated until we all arrived. That was not that atypical so we weren't shocked when they asked us to sit at the bar and grab a drink.  The bartender was very friendly, and made a pretty good Mule. Maybe I'm spoiled, but I really like my mules served and a chilled metal container... The glass jug wasn't quite doing it for me. Especially since we sat outside it got warm quick.   Once we set down at the table, the mediocre service really kicked in. It took almost 15 minutes to even get greeted, and then the server appeared to be in a rush the entire time.    For dinner I ordered a Greek salad to start, a vegetarian pot pie pasty, and a broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake on the side.  No, of course I did not finish it all, but I wanted to have a little taste of a few things instead of just one pasty. Everything was very good. I was so excited to see that they serve quorn in their pasty's. It is my favorite vegetarian meat substitute, because it is not sit based.  Overall, despite the week service I definitely think will be back. It was a great selection, good portions and a really neat atmosphere. Great for groups.
We rushed in Cornish Pasty (pronounced PASS-tee, not pastr-y or paste-y) before their last call and they still happily served us without a stink face.   +1 for that!  But the food was pretty unmemorable and makes me question why I sped from the Grand Canyon to Scottsdale to make it in Cornish Pasty for a midnight snack... I felt a little insane to say the least.  A Pasty reminds me of a larger, harder shell empanada with unique fillings.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cornish-pasty-co-scottsdale?select=yarTeqHwg64O8odSZnxlfg#PDGAtDP0SGlc_mfxyxkHPw  Peppered Steak filling - It was good, but lacked steak and the dipping peppercorn brandy cream sauce was super salty. I know, it was gravy-esque and gravy is supposed to be salty. But I did not enjoy the sauce on the side, while I felt like it was more of a mushroom pastry than anything. Not peppered steak.  Chicken & Pesto filling - Pesto, chicken and cheese. It was A-OK with marinara sauce on the side.  We also got the Scotch Egg appetizer, which was not bad, but I wish there was more flavor in the batter of the egg. And I felt like egg was just an overcooked hardboiled egg.  You know that old stereotype about how bad British food is? Uhhh. ha ha ha.. uhh...
What a cool place!  When you walk in they tell you that you can sit anywhere, we opted to sit inside since it is hot out, but the patio looks like it would be great when it is cooler out (they also have misters so it isn't too bad out there).  I ordered their version of a Moscow Mule, very good!  I asked the server which of the pasties are most popular and one she mentioned was the Pilgrim, which is turkey/chicken, sweet potatoes, grilled onions and stuffing with red wine gravy and cranberry sauce.  It was so delicious and very filling.  Service was very attentive, food was great, I will definitely be back!  I can't wait for the downtown Phoenix location!
Who doesn't love a gooey, meat and cheese filled pocket of bread? Those people who are obsessed with working out, that's who. I could never bring my mom here because she'd make me go on a walk afterwards and complain about how many calories she ate for at least the rest of the night. Brutal.   If you aren't one of those people, this place is for you. Don't come here and order a salad. That is just sad.   Now for my favorites: The Pilgrim and the Lovely Bit O' Salmon. I have ventured out of the box and tried others, but I always come back to these. They are perfect.   P.S. If you've never had the pleasure of a Scottish Egg, for the love of god, what are you waiting for?
This is my 4th time here and is once again amazing. I had the Porky and that was my favorite out of all the pasties my family and I have had. I recommend that pasty for sure!
First, I have to say that the number one thing that I look for is service, this is the second to time that I have been here. Michelle was our waitress and she was absolutely amazing!   She was extreme attentive and personable. I will ask for her every time I come here!  Second, the decor and environment really make you feel comfortable and makes you wants to stays for hours!!!   This is a hidden gem in Scottsdale and it is a must see!!!!!!! : )
YUM!  Okay let me first begin by saying I was visiting from out of town and friends brought me here for dinner.  What a cool vibe, so trendy and fun.  I wish Cornish Pasty Co. came to Southern California (just sayin!)    I ordered a pasty of course because that's what you do.  I ordered the Shepard's pie pasty with beef.  They also make the cottage pie with lamb, same ingredients.  Honestly it tasted like lamb which I don't like the taste of and I had to send it back to the kitchen.  They didn't argue but offered me another dish on the menu.   I decided to get their Red Pepper, Black Bean, Rice, Chicken, Jalapeno soup with their amazing homemade soda bread and butter.  Honestly it was amazing.  I am still dreaming of that dish and probably could eat it for days.    I gave them five stars because they have a great ambiance, the service was great (friendly) and while the food is fresh and yummy they took care of my little issue politely and made it easy for me to change.  I'll be back unless you open a restaurant in So. Cal!!
If you are a chocoholic, the chocolate bread pudding is a must have! Super decadent, gooey and some crunchy bits. Tried the parliament wings and it was ok, the sauce was too sweet for me. The French fries are delicious, made fresh and served with grilled fresh jalapeo....yum! My hubby ordered the BBQ chicken pastry and it was good too.
For a place that only serves one kind of food, they have a surprising Humber if different delicious things to eat!  The beers are all very good and the deserts are just incredible.
Firstly got to love a uk themed food place in az. And it is awesome. Live the tin menu. Love the food, love the selection of beers. Makes me a little home sick. But them I remember the winter and I'm ok with misters and 95 degrees at 10:00 at night.   Keep up the good work. Hope to see many more around the USA
Arrived late so I missed the dinner call as my friends had already had their fill so went with the appetizer option and shared the chicken liver pate which was excellent and the server comped a soup sampler 5 different soups all very good.  I'll be back to try a pasty and explore the large beverage menu.
Great place...can't wait for them to open one in downtown Phoenix!  There is ample outdoor seating, a great drink selection, friendly servers/bartenders and amazing food.  The Chicken Greek pasty was perfect - flavorful, fresh and so darn good!  Can't wait to go back!
This place is awesome. Went for the first time last night with some friends and we were all impressed! Food is fantastic, people are cool, great service, great ambiance and an awesome beer list. Simple food done well. Definitely going back!
The bean dip was bland and flavorless.  The pasty's tasted like they were premade, frozen and heated up.  Not fresh and made to order.  Yuck!  Yelpers you let me down!
This new location is fantastic! Patio is great with misters, making it possible to eat outside during the summer. The inside is very nice also. Hipster atmosphere but not too much. The food is delicious, obviously... Long list of choices for pasty! I came in with friends and they were pretty quick to accomodate for a party of 10. Will def come back! So glad we don't have to drive to Tempe anymore to go to a Cornish Pasty :)
Ate here for the first time last Saturday. We were surprized to get seated right away. Place was busy. Lots of tables and they have a great outdoor area. Bar is outside and with large counter. Looked like everyone was having a great time but we ate inside, too hot. Love the tin menus, great selection of imported beers on draft. Pricing was reasonable as well. I got the Hefe and it was great. Food was great and a decent value. We had to wait a while for our dessert but I guess they bake it. We'll be back.
Great food!!! Everything we had was excellent!! If I had to make a single selection per dining category I would say:  Appetizer: Meatballs, they should be called Amazeballs  Pasty: The Oggie. This is a family tradition for us so I am partial. The red wine gravy is incredible!  Dessert: The chocolate bread pudding. I am not a sweets person but could easily SLAM this whole thing.
The LIoness of Leith (or LoL) has just opened on Duke Street.  This is a new cool bar / restaurant in Leith serving great food and drinks. Joseph Malik is the head chef and he also owns Safari Lounge, so I was excited to try out the food.  I had a half pint of strong apple cider to start with. I could have been drinking apple juice for all I knew, it tasted so light, but beware it's 7.2% so it can be deceptive!  I shared a starter of beef carpaccio which was nice, it had a home made feel to it.  My main course was wiener schnitzel, which is my secret love. I love a schnitzel - who doesn't? It came with apple and carrot slaw which was delicious. The schnitzel itself was fine, tasty enough. A side of rosemary roasties was also ordered.  I was too full to have a dessert, but my friend had cardamom pears with candied nuts. I had a little taste of it and it was enjoyable, though the cardamom taste wasn't particularly strong.  I like this new bar. What I like is that they have something a little bit different on the menu (both food and drink menus) that you don't necessarily get elsewhere.  The food and drink is also reasonably prized, e.g. half pint of apple cider only 2.  On weekends the Lioness serves brunches and sunday roasts which I want to sample soon as the menu looked delicious, with things like 'Eggs Irvine Welsh' (scrambled duck eggs served with chipotle pepper) to name an example.
They have just opened to the public and got their license a day before that. Thus they are still trying hard to get the correct system in place.  Some of the beers were not on yet,and some of the wine hadn't arrived. That said, they are a very friendly and helpful bunch. The staff is lovely and sweet!   The atmosphere is a pub, a brownish one. The decorations are a well though out mismatch of grafittied walls to taxidermied exotic animals.   We noticed that there are a few elements not so well though out. The lack of coat hooks for one. This means people use the sofas or the back of chairs to leave their coat, and discovering the second flaw - balance. The chairs are not designed to have a heavy coat on them, so they tend to topple over. Minor but noticable inconvenience. I think they need to change the seats/ supply pillows.. but that could just be me.   The good points are the staff, prices for the food, cocktails and other drinks. Also the menu is slightly different than the usual fares you get. I loved their chef's handrolled sausage and vodka infused fennel. And the rosemary roasties were a treat!   It was nice of one of the chefs and owner; Joseph Malik, to come out and have a little chat with us and plug their brunch menu as well. And that looks delicious.    I do like it here and have already staked my favourite seat(s) in the house.
Can Leith stand another pub? Well, maybe yes from my first couple of experiences of the just opened Lioness of Leith (LOL).  In terms of location and market LOL squeezes in between the Parlour (which will suffer most from LOL's arrival), the Swedish bars (Victoria and Boda) and Compass/Nobles on Constitution St.  I dont think it comes close to the Vintage in terms of booze and food (which is my benchmark Leith bar) but equally its got a cool factor the Vintage lacks.  It should do well with its friendly service, great food, decent (but not great) beers, good cocktails, family friendly, decent sized space etc.  It has a pinball machine and a retro video game.  So far the big plus is the food.  The wiener schnitzel is already a hit with those who've had it.  The steaks look great as do the roasts (there is a rotisserie set up at weekend) .  In passing, I am so pleased to see that the tradition of a good roast is beginning to make its mark on Scottish bars.  I have tended to think of this as an English pub or a Beefeater chain thing but there is no reason not to see it more regularly in good local bars.  I am a BIG fan of LOL's sister bar the Safari Lounge and if LOL can take some of that vibe and develop some of its own style then it will become a very popular Leith destination bar.  There is a bit of a buzz at the moment since it is new but the test is in Feb/March when we see who chooses to spend there time here rather than in the other good bars mentioned above.  I hope LOL does well.
Had a fantastic sunday lunch here with a full Chicken joyfully torn apart by myself and my SO. We had each of the sides which were perhaps a touch on the expensive side however when taken into account with the value of the actual chicken and the evident quality of all the ingredients involved, I'll take it. As much food as I could put in me (and she could stuff in her) with a drink each was about 33. I reckon for sunday lunch that's pretty decent.  Beers wise these guys need to have a think about their keg selection although I get the idea that they are either tied into one or two breweries through the premesis or that that they're just finding their feet. Good to see Thistly Cross and Barneys Beer, Be nice to see something a touch more interesting on one of the keg lines.   The pub itself is big and spacious and feels airy even when full thanks to the massive windows.  Really enjoyed my time there and the brunch does look delicious so I imagine I'll be back soon!
Oh, it's so very cool here - I love the bright walls and the wacky decoration (a stuffed antelope head on the wall adorned with a tacky tiara sums the place up pretty perfectly) and the retro arcade game. I also love the sense of space.  The brunch menu is limited, and of the four options, two appealed to me: the Mary Moriarty (poached eggs and smoked salmon on a brioche bun) and the Eggs Irvine Welsh (scrambled with chorizo, I think). I plumped for the MM, but I was surprised to find the salmon cold. To be fair to them, it was clearly meant to be - not a case of "outrage! My dish arrived cooled down!" More a case of "that's a bit odd, with hot eggs." Maybe just me, but I wasn't sure about it. The brioche bun was very nice - again not my expectation - I think of brioche as super soft and fluffy and this was toasted to rock-like crunch - but pleasant.  Our waiter was very perky and achingly cool in style; big plus points for dealing with a confused rabble of brunch-hungry Yelpers on a Saturday morning with such efficiency and cheer.  All in all, I had a lovely brunch, but I think much of that was related to the lovely company. I'll be happy to go back and try it again to see how it fares in a less brunchy situation because it really is a very nice spot.
I feel i ought to give this place a second visit as I went for lunch and don't actually have a great sense for the place as a pub. anyway:  So the lioness has a very child of the 80s aesthetic. Arcade game machine by the door, big boom boxes hanging from the ceiling. This place has certainly managed to shake off whatever lingering clientele there might have been from whatever it was before and has established itself as a place for trendy folk with cash to splash. It's a big open bar, i'd love it if they did events where they cleared away all the tables and had a big dance space. The main bar is probably somewhere in the region of 25m^2 so could be fun. I didn't particularly like the rustic tables they have here. the table edges are too rough and I could feel the skin being grated off my arms through the meal. They're also not level, not idea for tall drinks at all.  Firstly i had a pint of the house beer, a light lagery thing that was entirely drinkable. Perhaps not to the taste of people who want a pint with a great deal of depth, but I suspect it would be a great post work pint. I didn't ever get close to the bar to inspect what drinks are on offer at large, the taps looked a little lacking in variety, fairly typical euro imports for the most part although i did see some barney's on the right.  The menu seems a little impenetrable at first, there is none of your typical pub grub affair here, and perhaps some of the descriptions are suffering from being a little too wordy. That said the staff are happy to explain various things to you so you don't order something you don't want by accident. I had a lovely little chorizo and capers starter, but my risotto main was lacking something. Perhaps some crunchy roasted pumpkin seeds or something. The dessert i had was pretty excellent however. Poached pairs with, get this, cardamon custard croquettes. Light, sweet, spiced; heaven I tell you.  I want to come back to this place to drink rather than eat so i can get a full measure of the joint, but I'm positive it'll be to my liking. That said I am fussy about my pubs...   *edit* I popped in for brunch with a yelpy bunch today and was very please with my brunch roll thing. Delicious filling although the roll was a scone which just plain confused me. What was really lovely is the facilities they have for kids. A gorgeous kids menu and tasty food for little mouths too.
I really liked this place! Tucked up a street at the Foot of the Walk, opposite the big Tesco, it might seem out the way but open that corner door and you step into a spacious, chilled bar and eaterie that was the perfect hideaway on a wet winter's night.  The big thing that I remember is the two barmen and staff were so super friendly. So much so that I kinda want to go back just to get such great banter and warm smiles.  My hand rolled Italian sausage was nice. A little dry, but it was gluten free and given that most sausages aren't gluten free, I was a happy chappy! The garlic and rosemary roast potatoes I ordered on the side were DIVINE. I wouldn't be surprised if they were twice roasted, or fried, or made delicious. So crispy and fluffy.  A nice bar, well worth checking out. The menu doesn't have nachos or burgers, but the prices are still affordable. A bit fancier pub grub with nice prices, ace!
My kinda place, thanks to Rayan D. for setting up a Saturday brunch here!  There was a slight initial misstep, in that our first round of drinks went undelivered, but the friendliness of the service more than made up for the slight mistake.  The only other slight curiosity is in ordering one of their bloody mary's I was asked how spicy I would like it... as anyone who knows me would expect, I ordered the hottest possible and was even warned by the waitress that it was going to be "extremely hot" when it was delivered... somehow, to the point I'm wondering if there was a mix-up, it was not spicy at all... as in I'm not saying that because I love spice and it wasn't spicy enough, it literally lacked any kick whatsoever... to the point I'm wondering if there was a mix-up somehow.  That said, it definitely got an A+ for presentation... if I find myself here on a weekend morning again I might give it another go directly from the bar.  As for the food, between three of us we had a sharing platter and two of the egg dishes, the Mary Moriarty and Eggs Irvine Welsh... all three were winners, with a special nod to the sharing plater and the Mary Moriarty.  (The Eggs Irvine Welsh wasn't bad, I would just choose the Mary Moriarty over it personally.)  Some of our group opted for the roast chicken, which I believe normally requires four to order... it definitely looked like it was worth a try, but having lived in Yorkshire for so long I tend to skip any type of roast lunches if there's something a bit more adventurous on offer.  The decor and vibe of the place were spot on... no complaints to be had, I personally love a rustic retro chic vibe.  As an example of the level of service, after the majority of our group left another large group was seated next to my two cohorts and I... after a while more members of that group arrived and the waiter very kindly asked us if we would be willing to move later if he topped up our beers.  We explained we were happy to move when the time came, and that no top-up was required... after moving and denying two top-ups of beer the gentlemen came by with three shots of jaeger as a thanks for moving without a fuss... as you can guess, we graciously accepted these... I mean, he had already poured them, it would have been rude not to.  I guess one of the best compliments I can pay to this place is that I wished it weren't so far away from where I'm located as I stand envious of those that can call it a local stop... still, it was worth the journey and I definitely look forward to returning for another lazy weekend lunch or perhaps even dinner in the future.
I have heard good things about this place and it certainly looks intriguingly cool from the outside. Alas, the food and the prices were where it all fell apart. My daughter had a vegetarian risotto that was well-prepared but the portion was dinky 7.50. My husband had a cauliflower cheese that he liked but it was not anything special 7.50. I ordered a fish of the day. It was something called a gurnard. This came entire on a plate. Was very bony and had some small worms we discovered after I ate what I could of it. I cannot say I enjoyed this thing, however sustainable a choice of fish it may be. It came with cooked, curly kale, minted peas and a dollop of potatoes which were okay. 12.95. My youngest asked for her usual, plain, buttered pasta. This was fine but they charged 4.95 for this until we mentioned how unfair that seemed. To their credit, they removed it from the bill. All the same. Our bill was over 40 with the drinks and we came away somewhat unsatisfied. A shame. There are clearly some good cooks in the kitchen but portion sizes on the big meat dishes we saw go by were immense compared to what the vegetarians were offered. It seemed punitive in a way. Not sure I will try it again, even though the atmosphere was rather nice. Oh well.
Checked this place out last night; just round the corner... seemed appropriate. Came away with good and bad points.  THE GOOD - Funky, spacious bar with lots to look at. - Trendy, friendly staff, happy to have a chat. - Perfectly satisfying food. - FREE Street Fighter arcade machine (for all the VG geeks out there, it's actually Alpha Zero, but I digress....)  THE BAD - Only bourbons on offer were Maker's Mark, Bulleit and Wild Turkey. None of which are anywhere near the top of my Bourbon List (yes, I have a Bourbon List, with capital letters and everything..... What?) - I'm not a fan of being asked how my food is after one bite and these guys asked a couple times. I like to just eat my meal in peace and will say something if it's not to my liking. If ask you must, then ask when you're collecting the empty plate... if the empty plate isn't clue enough. - Bit pricey for what you get. I had the Guinea Fowl, which was tasty, but paid 12 for the pleasure, which I found a few quid too steep. Reminded me of the Fountain in that the food (although satisfying) isn't of the same standard the price sets.  A cool hangout for sure, but not going to be first on my mind due to the lack of tasty bourbons. Get some Eagle Rare in and all is forgiven!
Popped in for a pint on a rainy Saturday night and the general impression was of a place still in the phase of initial popularity as there wasn't a seat to be had around ten pm.  Plumped for a bottled Australian beer as there didn't seem to be any real ales on tap so confirmation of that, paying a visit when it's emptier and having a look at the menu are all factors that will see me make a second visit in the near future.
Daura Damm GF beer available and for a first visit, this pleased me a lot!  I don't find myself in Leith that often and although we've had a few brunches in Leith, I've always found the menu's to be lacking in GF friendliness so I've tended to avoid.  The Lioness is one of the new gang of pubs which have opened over the last year or so. All reclaimed furniture, lots of wood and even a pinball machine you can sit at. We of course sat at the pinball machine for novelty value but not the most comfortable as I hate sitting on stools.  So, GF beer available - yay! We grabbed some quick snacks - chips which were ok and nothing outstanding hence the three stars. If I'm in the area then I probably would pop back and try some more of the menu as there were GF friendly dishes listed and maybe will increase the star rating.
In traditional Stephanie style I am giving this place five stars because this shit is on DUKE STREET. Admittedly, I am a new Leither, I'm not sure I am even a Leither, being that I live in Craigentinney (next Yelp goal is to review all the places here). But, I have been known to scuttle my way to Duke Street when I need:   A: Wetherspoons breakfast for under 3 B: Discount books, because on Duke Street ALL the good books are still on the shelves at the charity shop.  C: Tesco   But never, never have I been known to go to Duke St. for a really nice meal.   In a terrifying turn of events in my life, my boyfriend's mother is moving to the UK. She was roaming around England looking for massive Tudor mansions (I imagine, I have no idea) when she decided to come up and visit her son for a few nights. I... happen to live with her son. So she, happened to be sleeping on my couch for the weekend.   We decided that The Lioness had gotten reviews that were acceptable to bring a massively picky English lady (my words, not his).   We were SO right. For less than 10 each (not Wetherspoon's, prices, but what is?) we had a fantastic fantastic meal. I ordered the fish, she ordered some sausages and he got some game bird... but really it was so difficult to decide. I wanted a plate of all of it. We had amazingly delicious cocktails and fancy free water (free water is key).    And it was good. Not take away chips and curry good. Not burgers at Holyrood 9A good, it was like fancy restaurant on George St. good... and it was on Duke Street. Until Duke St. is lined with high end restaurants that I can bring my boyfriend's slightly terrifying mother to... LOL - you're five stars in my book.
I think 3 stars is about right for this place.  Personally, I think there's too many similar bars popping up in Edinburgh with similar decor and drinks etc but what makes others better is their menus and to a lesser extent, the price.  There's been a couple of times I've been hungry but just don't fancy the limited choices at the weekend.   There's also been a few times where I've popped in only to find that all the tables are reserved with no one actually sitting at them. This is not the only bar that has this policy in place though  it is annoying and these places are losing custom because of it.
This restaurant is absolutely amazing!! The food is fantastic and they have an excellent beer and  wine selection. The atmosphere is fun and the staff is friendly and extremely helpful. I'm going to recommend Cornish Pasty Co. to everyone I know.
The food here is excellent! I was surprised at how many different types of pastys they offered, I got the pesto chicken and it was delicious! The crust was perfect, and the filling was generous. My daughter got the rosemary steak pasty and she loved it! The staff was very friendly and attentive. They also have a very big selection of beers...I will definitely be back to the Cornish Pasty Co!
So happy this place now open! I know I would never get sick of the menu.. The Reuben is my favorite! Great ambiance and love the music.. Has a unique beer selection too! Bring anyone, any age, there's something they'll love offered ;)
My favorite place!! Good food. Good drinks and good people. My husband loves the Mexican pasty. I always love the side dishes. There homemade baked bread is to die for. So yummy. I also love there regular oven chips, broccoli and cauliflower bake, mushy peas w/ a side of sour cream. There side salads with pesto dressing is delicious. I always save room for their Banoffee pie. It's the best dessert ever. They slice fresh banana on top. I was also told you can ask for fresh strawberries too. Defiantly going to try that next time. Do yourself a favor Vegas and go check this tasty place out. You won't be sorry.
The food is amazing! Ask any of the staff for their favorites and you won't be let down. They also have lots of vegetarian choices and even some vegan ones! The draught beer selection is tops and the bottled beer is awesome too! As a bonus in my book... There are no TV's or gaming to distract you. This is a great place to meet with friends and have an actual conversation to catch up over savory and original food. Save room for dessert. I highly suggest the STP or Banoffe Pie.
Good stuff! Friendly, bright staff, owners on site in a nicely redone space next to Komol at Commercial Center. Great center bar surrounded by custom made benches. Very nicely done old school pub feel with great bluesy rock tracks played in the background  at a decent volume. We sampled all four soups made in house, and recommend them all. Comes with housemade bread and butter too. The pasty choices are numerous and we couldn't decide, so we started at the top with the original Oggie. Steak, potato and rutabaga in a pastry crust baled to perfection with a red wine sauce that pops nicely. One cup of soup and one pasty shared between us and we didn't have room for dessert. Total 12.97 - just try to beat that.
Just went today with a few friends to have everyone try what I've been raving about since I've been to the location in az. This venue did not disappoint. Good service. Very friendly. The food was as delicious as I could remember. I had the Mexican. That is by far my favorite. If you have space after, the banofee pie is delicious. Definitely a must try if you're in Vegas.
I made a mistake. I ordered the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty. It was phenomenal! They have such a large menu of choices that I would have liked to try a bunch-but I can't image any others tasting better! YUM! It seems to be all ages (restaurant, non-smoking). Their is a beer and wine bar in the middle. Great place I will be coming here often! Most Pasties average $9.00 each, and they are filling! Wine is $6.50 a glass and Draft Beers are about $5.00 and up depending on brand and size.
A friend gave me a heads up on this this place and we dropped in for a late lunch to check it out.  We ordered beers and then I had the Oggie pasty and the wife had the Shepard's Pie.  When we saw our dishes we planned to eat half each and take the other half home for supper but once we got started we knew we were going all in.  Both dishes were simply excellent.  We added some strawberry/kiwi thing for dessert to finish it up.    Great food, fair pricing, hip interior, and our server was attentive, professional, and knowledgable about the food.  Well done.  Bonus:  We are Vegas locals and the quirky location and understated exterior make this a perfect place to take out-of-town guests, who tend to love off-Strip spots like this.  We will be back.
This place is great!! We've been waiting for months for it to open (that sign being out front for so long has been the biggest tease!). It was totally worth the wait. We went in around dinnertime yesterday evening, and there were several super personable guys working.  We got a couple of draught beers (they've got some great craft selections, & a few are local) and chose the Oggie and the Royale with Cheese (tee hee!) pasties. The red wine gravy is SO good, and their ranch is also better than most ranches (it's gotta have buttermilk in it). The pasties themselves are enormous, at least for me, since I can't eat a ton in one sitting. I took half of mine (the Royale) home, while my dude scarfed his in its entirety.  The joint itself isn't big, but feels homey, and slightly hipster, which works for it in this case and isn't annoying or detracting. (Man, there was a lot of flannel being worn in there, too!) Kind of feels like a place you'd find in Portland. Oh, and if one of the guys behind the bar looks familiar, you've probably seen him checking IDs at Atomic. :)  Summary: Hip, casual, comfortable, friendly, and delicious!
Having just moved here from Phoenix, AZ my Husband and I were SO excited to see that Cornish Pasty was coming to Las Vegas. So we finally decided to stop by last night. I had a very fleeting thought that "What if it wasn't as good as the Tempe location? Oh no!" But those fears were instantly diminished upon entering the establishment. The staff was very, very friendly. The dark lighting and the bar style seating with simple wood benches for the tables is pretty similar to that of Tempe. I felt like I was home again.  As for the food, it was just simply amazing as always. I have never gone to a Cornish Pasty location and been disappointed.  I ordered my favorite the Lovely bit of Salmon, it is served with a dill sauce on the side. The pasty itself is just great, but combined with the dill sauce is an experience.  My husband ordered his favorite the Royal with Cheese and upon taking the first bite his eyes lit up like a little kids. (he always orders this with a couple sides of the red wine gravy although it does not come with it) We actually ordered to go and ate the pastes in bed, lol.  You just really cannot go wrong ordering anything off of the menu here. They have a great list of draft and bottled beers as well.  So excited to see this establishment expanding!
I had eaten at the Cornish in Tempe az, so I couldn't wait for this to open! I strongly recommend this place. Will not disappoint!
I haven't had a pasty since I lived in the East.  I used to buy them from churches that had sales and sometimes I made my own.  Let me say that none of the purchased nor homemade were as good as the ones I bought today.  I was in the area--deliberately--today and I stopped and asked about whether it would be OK to purchase a part baked pasty at 1 and leave it in the refrigerator until late in the afternoon and then bake it.  No problem, I was told.  A couple of hours later, after my Chinese New Year photo op was complete, I came back and got two Oggies, part baked, to bring home.    While waiting, my order taker, Alexis, asked if I wanted water or something else.  I got a diet Coke.  Before I knew it, she was back with a nice little bag with the wrapped pasties ready to go.  The Oggie has small steak chunks, thinly sliced potatoes, rutabaga, and onion all wrapped in this wonderful pastry.  I saw them put a tray of pasties into the oven and I wish I had been where I could have gotten a photo.  There was a miscommunication or simple forgetfulness, but I didn't get any red wine gravy with the pasties.  I asked about that before I Ieft, one of the men at the bar said that it would be in there--pointing to my bag.  Were it not for that small slip, I would have given Cornish Pasty a full 5 stars.  Regardless, the pasty was fantastic!  It was wrapped beautifully and the baking directions were on the wrapper where I couldn't miss it.  Since this is in the Sahara Commercial Center, I have a feeling I'll be stopping here for some pasties before shows at the Onyx Theatre nearby.  It's also a quick meal to make on those days when you don't want to slave over the hot stove.  Also, you can get ANY pasty part baked, not just the Oggie!  What a great find!  Thank you fellow Yelpers for cluing me into this new place!
Before coming here I had no idea what a pasty was. After going I cannot stop talking about them! The food is amazing and the service was just as great! Thank you Felipe for taking such good care of us on opening night.   First off, what in the world is a pasty? For someone as ignorant as myself in the foodie world it is a FANCY A$$ HOT POCKET. I know. You are having thoughts of how disgusting a food hot pockets are. They are. However, a pasty is so much more. First and foremost it is super filling. I really could have just eaten half and taken the rest home for lunch the next day, but I literally COULD NOT STOP EATING IT! I tried to stop. Then my craving got worse. I started taking parts of pasties from the other guests at my table. Second, it is filled with quality ingredients. Whether it be peppered steak bits of chicken and artichokes, these fillings are amazingly put together and perfectly seasoned. Third, NO MICROWAVES! They are baked goodness that comes from the heavens.   What did I have to make me crumble at the knees like this? Well my little heart broke opening night since I wanted to try the Oggie (the traditional pasty) which includes steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (swede) With a side of red wine gravy or ketchup. We did come pretty late so I had to make a decision fast. I opted for the Pesto Chicken. Marinated chicken breast, mushrooms, artichokes, fresh mozzarella and pesto with a side of marinara came to the table. All of this wrapped up neatly in a flaky outer crust. I don't even know how to begin because it was all a blur after that. I devoured this thing. There was very little talking at our table as we were all busy consuming our pasties as well as protecting them from each other.   For dessert we all (four of us) shared a Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding. It was plenty enough after our dinner. It is a square of homemade bread baked in chocolate brandy sauce. We had it with a side of ice cream The crunchy outside perfectly complimented the hot and soft center.   All in all it was a total success. The prices are amazing for the quality and love that goes into preparing the food. I simply cannot wait to go again.
SO MUCH YUM! I almost wish this place wasn't so close to my work and so good because now I'm tempted to go there often! Girls working were super friendly and again... the food was AMAZING. Hope to see more locations open up in Vegas.
I've never had a pasty before, but some friends took me here.  Walking in, the place has a certain cozy charm. It is pretty small, a bar in the center with tables around the outside.  So a pasty is like a calzone or an empanada, basically just a meat pie. The ones here are pretty big and filling.  I ordered the lamb vindaloo, because that sounded good and spicy. I found it to have good flavor, and it was well prepared, looking very appetizing.  However, it was so large that by the end of it I was pretty sick of it. If you want to try out any of the more exotic pasties I would recommend going with a friend and each of you tries half of one.  I also had oven baked fries topped with jalapenos, and they were pretty good.  Noticed that they had a few soups on the menu that all sounded good, but I had already ordered a pretty big meal so I didn't get to try.  I am sure I will be back to this place.
Food to make any Rennie swoon with delight. There is a great mixture of the exotic and traditional in pasty form. I went traditional with the Cottage with ground beef; it also comes in a lamb and mint variation. The end all and be all of any meat pie (or any pie for that matter) is the crust. Cornish Pasty Co. nails it. Light and flaky but sturdy enough to make my pasty an acutal hand held wonder. Flavorful and filling. Loved the red wine gravy that accompanied my pasty. I'm not usually a gravy/sauce type person; however, the red wine gravy was a great accent to my meaty/potato-y goodness...and it still worked as a hand held food. (I just drizzled my gravy over the bite I was about to take.)  You have to try the mushroom, walnut, spinach soup. Absolutely awesome. I know, as adventuresome as I am, the walnuts threw me for a loop. I shouldn't have worried at all. The walnuts gave a nice crunch to my mushroom soup without detracting from the mushroom flavor. I know the spinach was there because of the color but again, no distortion of taste to the mushroom. The soups are touted as being made from scratch, I believe them. Yummy, hot, and partnered with two slices of chewy soft bread. Oh, so good.   I can't wait to make a return trip. So many pastys to try, not to mention some very interesting desserts. Also, a nice line up of Vegetarian and Vegan pastys are available. An absolute great perk? Cornish Pasty Co. is easy on the budget. My tab, along with a refreshing glass of Crispin's Cider under $20. Definitely doable.
After seeing a sign on the door for what felt like three years, Cornish Pasty is finally open and ready for business.  And the best news?  They have tons of vegetarian options!  Located in the same plaza as Thai staples Komol and Lotus of Siam, Cornish Pasty is a smaller space but cozy and inviting.  Think of it as a local pub with lots of good food.  Speaking of food, we ate a ton of it.  I started off with the Cream of Leek, Potato, and Stilton soup (fyi: this is vegetarian/no chicken stock).  The cup is a good portion, and served with two large pieces of homemade bread and homemade butter.  It's a steal for $3.50.  Although I really enjoyed it, the Stilton cheese it might make the soup a little salty for some people.  As for the pasties, I wanted something more traditional and ordered the Cheese and Onion.  It tasted great and everything was cooked well, but I couldn't bring myself to use the ketchup or marina that came with it.  My husband had the Veggie Chicken Tikka Masala and his was really good as well.  There was a nice blend of spices and it came with a side of mint-yogurt dressing that we both enjoyed.    Cornish Pasty also offers a decent beer selection and a 14-oz will set you back $6.   I loved the atmosphere here and all the employees were laid-back and friendly.  Cornish Pasty would even make a good spot just to grab a few drinks for an evening.  I can't speak for the authenticity of the food (which is questionable considering they offer a Mexican pasty), but I do know that I enjoyed what I ordered. The pasties are large and filling so make sure to bring your appetite!  Note to Vegetarians: They use Quorn in about half of their veggie pasties.  While being a popular meat-alternative in the UK, this was the first time my husband and I have ever had it.  I found it to be pretty much the same as most other faux-meats.  I'm sure they could leave it out of the pasties if you asked them.  Note to Vegans: According to their menu, they offer at least two vegan pasties daily.    Note to Omnivores: If my vegetarian pasties tasted awesome, you have nothing to worry about.  And may I suggest trying a vegetarian pasty?
We saw this restaurant a few nights ago while eating at a Thai place next door. We wondered what it was. We were at a convention and I ran into a friend from Arizona that recommended it, especially when he heard we had a vegetarian in our group. It was an excellent recommendation.  I had a hard time deciding which item to order since it all looked so good. I ended up ordering an Italian, chips, and the leek soup. The leek soup was absolutely perfect. I know when I go home,I'll crave this. Alas, I live thousands of miles away. The Italian pasty great,  but not as good as the soup. The whole meal was good and l liked the atmosphere.  It seemed like a very cool place and I'm glad we found it. This place is definitely worth trying. The vegetarian options were plentiful and were very tempting.
This place is awesome!  If you've never had a pasty, think of it as a huge empanada.  If you've never had an empanada, think of it as the biggest and best gourmet hot pocket ever...and maybe think about trying some new restaurants :)  Choices, choices, choices!!  So many fillings to try.  My wife got the Veggie Chicken Tikka Masala.  Their faux meat of choice is a British brand called Quorn.  It's not as firm as Gardein but blended really well with the curried sauce, potatoes, peppers and had great texture.  I got the Veggie Cottage Pie (Quorn vegetarian ground beef, peas, carrots, grilled onions, mashed potatoes and cheddar. With a side of HP sauce.) that really hit the spot as it was savory and just got better bite after bite.  We also got to see the guys make a set of pasties by the bar and it looked as homemade as you could get.    I'd say this would be an ideal place for lunch but you'd be seriously missing out on one major thing...their beer list!!  That is unless you can get away with being buzzed and having beer breath at work.  If that's the case, please PM me your work address so I can apply.  There are a ton of great beers from Joseph James to Chimay to a lot of British brands I have never heard of.  I got a beer that tasted like banana bread.  The bartender told me he didn't like it, my wife hated it, I loved it!!!  Then there's the whole atmosphere...really cool!  No video poker at the bar.  No TV anywhere!  The Cure and Sex Pistols blaring from the speakers.  Very refreshing!    Check out the menu: http://www.cornishpastyco.com/menu/
This place is really good! The pasty's are amazing....especially the Carne Adovada.  The staff is cool....seats are wack! Try the Shirley Temple dessert if you have room!
had the cajun chicken pasty..so delish! great place to eat!
Came here with my friend after an event, and still kind of hungry. Located in the center of the commercial center area, next to the Tokyo Japanese Restaurant.   Apparently this place is super popular in AZ and since it opened in Vegas, we decided to try it  The interior decor is like a normal bar, dark with the bar in the middle, tables surrounding except with an open-style kitchen. The seats are the unusual thing. its like.. formed to your butt. well at least mine anyway... apparently it was uncomfortable for my friends (small) XD  Since we weren't really hungry, and the waiter said each of these pasties were dense and weighed like a pound each, we opted to get 1, and share. Then dessert afterwards (as per recommendation on yelp xD) Since this was our first time, we ordered "The Oggie" which was their traditional pasty, which had steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (type of turnip), with a side of red wine gravy.   When the pasty came, it was already split in half, on two plates (+1!). I tried picking up my half.. indeed it is heavy and pretty dense. but the pastry crust looks sooooo good !  the inside was filled with the ingredients i had listed before... there was a LOT of potatoes, and not that much steak in my half. The red wine gravy was nice, a little sour like you'd expect from a sauce reduction made with red wine. The crust was super good and flaky. not too buttery. For me, i would have preferred the filling to be a little more seasoned. Seemed a little plain for me, even drenching it in the red wine gravy.   As for dessert, we had got the Banoffee subbing the bananas for strawberries (my friend doesnt like bananas). Its a very simple dessert, made with a sugarless heavy whipped cream, cut fruit, a crushed graham cracker crust on the bottom, and a homemade caramel. Not being a fan of caramel, but this was actually surprisingly good. Since its a different type of caramel, it wasnt sticky, like sticky to the teeth or roof of your mouth. Took my head quite a while to wrap around the concept... simplicity and different, but good. My friend thoroughly enjoyed it, after slightly struggling to finish her half of the pasty. For those who want to try something different, i recommend trying this. quite inexpensive too. $5? good to share with.   Overall, not bad. I'd like to come back and try their other pasties. Something with a stronger flavor like bangers or spicy asiago chicken or the reuben.. *stomach rumbles while finishing this...) dang if only it wasnt so far ! XD
Really good food and very authentic. The Oggie pasty was amazing loved that it had rutabaga/suede. They have so many flavors will def be returning. The oven chips and leek and Stilton soup are def worth a return trip for. Service was excellent and very helpful esp with beer menu as there were many I've never heard of or tried..Crabbies ginger beer was a great find I'm going to be buying some for my fridge ASAP. Ask for Maddie she was great :)!
I had no idea what a "pastie" was prior to eating here but my wife saw this place and immediately exclaimed that we had to go here, I have to say I am so glad we did! The food is so fresh and delicious! Who knew that a little pocket sandwich could have so much flavor! And their soups are amazing! I had the Potato leak soup as a starter and opted for just a cup full but I could have easily eaten 2 bowls in one sitting! Everything here just tastes amazingly fresh! For dinner I got the chicken pot pie pastie and my wife got the Shepard pie and wow was it good. Besides the food the servers were so nice and friendly and atmosphere in the establishment is so cozy, the place is dimly lit to give it that warm feeling that pairs well with the food! I highly recommend this place and I will definitely return!
Very, VERY solid addition to Eastern Las Vegas.  It's blowing up on yelp, and I can see why.  First of all, if you haven't ever had a pasty, get over here.  They are large pocket sandwiches stuffed with all kinds of ingredients.  They are large and they are FILLING.    I had lunch at CPC on a Monday.  The place wasn't crowded at all, but a couple of tables came in after I sat down.  It has a nice combo of 2 top tables and large booths, plus about 16 seats at the bar.  I had the meat and cheese, which is pork/sage sausage with swiss and cheddar cheeses.  At $9.00, this is a great value considering the ingredients and size of the meal.  The crust was buttery and flaky and browned perfectly.  They clearly have the cooking of these things down.  The pasty was full, no bite was without meat and cheese.  The cheese was melty and the sausage was juicy.  It was a winner without sauces, but they offer you sauces!  I couldn't decide, so my server gave me both the cream mustard and the red wine gravy.  I liked both, but the mustard was the winner.  It was like a milder Dijon, and added so much to the sandwich.  I think the gravy needed to reduce a bit more to make it thicker and cook out a little more of the red wine flavor.  I got the side of garlic mashed potatoes with cheddar cheese.  I thought this was a normal sized side dish, and I was mistaken.  It was easily enough for 2, probably 3.  I liked the potatoes, they were as advertised:  garlic, potatoes, and cheese.  Simple and quality.    I got the wife the rosemary steak and oven fries to go.  Fortunately, when she ate, I got bites of both dishes.  The rosemary steak was again packed full of ingredients.  I may be mistaken, but I think it was even larger than the one I ate, which was huge.  The rosemary and potatoes make the pasty fantastic, it's basically a meal in and of itself.  The oven fries were long and crisp, simply seasoned with salt and pepper.  This is another large side dish, easily shareable.  The dishes I took to go were hot and fresh when my wife ate, no loss of quality.  Overall, this is a cool joint.  Friendly service, and the food was great.  Good addition to Vegas.
Cornish Pasty Co. is fantastic -I'm giving the long story short here. Driving into the old strip mall was fun unto itself. Took a left instead of a right, and ended up driving past The Green Door. " Ummmm...?? Where are we?!" Lol!   We came in on a Sunday night and sat down right away. I noticed the bigger tables benches were actually church pews. We ordered beers all around and took a look at the menu. My English hubby was very excited to try this place obviously, so he took longest on deciding what he wanted. We ordered a vegetarian Greek, an Oggie, a Pilgrim, a Bangers & Mash, a Lamb Vindaloo, a side of mushy peas, and some oven chips. Tried their banoffee pie and the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. Everyone was very happy with their choices; so without boring you with wordy descriptions, you basically can't go wrong here! I took half my dinner home as I was so full. The desserts were ok, I'd likely pass next time.   We're looking forward to coming back to try more things, as well as taking English friends and family when they're in town.    **Moment of caution on the lamb vindaloo... Its tasty, a tad spicy, and you'll smell the curry from your pores the day after. I went running this morning, and was confused as to why I was smelling curry....?  Haha!
I downloaded the yelp app just for this place. I'm already a fan and can't wait to come back. I enjoy eating vegan dishes when I'm dining out and I was pleasantly surprised that they had vegan options even though I didn't expect it at all. There's something for everyone.. Greek pasty's, Italian styled pasty's, Indian, traditional, and even vegan and vegetarian pasty options.   I got the peanut butter and jelly to go.. I'm pretty excited about that one too. Two thumbs up.
Great find. Tucked away in Commercial Center. The interior is quiet and comfortable. Major bonus points for having no TV's blaring. This is a place to have a real conversation over lunch and a beer. The service was super. They were very attentive.
I am upping my review to 5 stars.  I recently made my second stop here and got pasties for 2 dinners.  We had some that night and I froze the other two for a later day--today in fact--when I needed to have a good dinner done quickly.  After volunteering for the National Park Service for 10 hours today, I came home tired and hungry.  I had taken the pasties out of the freezer, they were thawed, and in 20 minutes, I had a good dinner for the two of us.  We have now tried the Oggie, a Cottage Pie, a chicken Alfredo, and a peppered steak.  Tonight's peppered steak had sirloin pieces, leeks, zucchini, and Stilton cheese.  The sauce was excellent.  My wife enjoyed her chicken Alfredo.  The staff was super when I was there and I know this place will be on my stopping list often!
I grew up in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Pasties were a once-a-week meal for me my entire childhood - specifically the Oggie-style pastie (with ketchup). The Cornish Pasty Co. version of the Oggie is spot on, and better than the dozens that I get FedEx'd to my house over the holidays. The par-baked $6 version of the Oggie that they sell is very appealing. I will be buying them by the dozen - and locally - this is fantastic!  Thank the food Gods for the Cornish Pasty Co.  Great execution and made with love. Beautiful egg-brushed crust, and the perfect thickness with quality ingredients. Keep it up guys!
We almost always try and seek out new spots to dine on the weekends. Cornish Pasty came up and  so it was decided for lunch. If you dined at Komol, you won't have a hard time locating CPC...its right next door!  Its a little dark as you step inside, two tops along the right side, cool usage of church pews for communal dining on the left, and counter style dining up at the bar. Perusing the menu, it was kinda nippy, so we decided to start with some cups of soup. Cream of Leek, Potato, and Stilton for Wifey, and Cream of Tomato for me. The Minion in me also spied a Banana Bread Ale, so I ordered one after our waitress said they had a couple left...only to be disappointed because our waitress failed to double check the bottles inside the Banana Bread Beer box...:( Our soups arrive, so we dig in. The homemade bread was delicious, but sadly the soups were so thick and salty, we only got halfway before calling it quits.  The Pastys(Thank Goodness!) were delicious and filling! Wifey's Pilgrim Pasty had all the flavors of Thanksgiving wrapped up in a perfectly crisp pastry casing. Equally good was my Chicken Tikka Masala Pasty-rich, hearty, and just enough spice to go perfectly with the Mint-Yogurt Sauce. The Toffee Pudding and Bread Pudding also sounded great, but we were beyond stuffed! Great reason to look forward to another visit. I will also pass on the soups but hopefully they have a new shipment of Banana Bread Beer too!  ALOHA!!!  Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4  YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(43/365) "The English Empanada"
First off, let me tell you how to find this place. Their address says they are off of East Sahara, but I ended up turning on to Commercial Center Drive on my right going east coming from Las Vegas Blvd. If you hit Maryland Parkway, you have gone too far. They are in the same plaza as The Green Door, Lotus of Siam, and Komol, which is right next to them.  Now that you have found the place, you still kind of have to do a double take when you get to the entrance for there are no indications on the doors themselves. All you can go by is their Cornish Pasty sign at the top of the building.  Now, what is a pasty you ask? According to Wickipedia: A pasty (/psti/, Cornish: Hogen; Pasti), (sometimes known in the United States as a pastie or British pasty)[1] is a baked pastry, a traditional variety of which is particularly associated with Cornwall, the westernmost county in England. It is made by placing uncooked filling typically of meat and vegetables, without meat in vegetarian versions, on a flat pastry circle and folding it to wrap the filling, crimping the edge to form a seal. After baking, the result is a raised semicircular food item.  So now that you know what the technical term is, let me tell you my version, or should I say my good Yelp buddy Chris "Downtown Chris" R's version is. Basically, its a gourmet hot pocket, but a hundred times better. Mainly because when you order it, it is made from scratch. When you take that first bite, it's obvious that it did not come from a freezer straight into the microwave. Some people compare it to an empanada. Some think its similar to a chicken pot pie. Whatever you hear, let your own taste buds tell you the truth.  When you first enter the establishment, just the magnificent odor herbs and garlic emanating from the kitchen will tell you that they are whipping up something extraordinary in the kitchen. You have a bar in the middle and you have some pretty good sized tables and benches to comfortably seat your party. The lighting is bit low which could be a good thing for you lovebirds on a first time date or otherwise.  As you check out the menu, you will find that just about every option is mouthwatering. With me, I finally went with the Mexican (8.50). It is Mexican-spiced and simmered steak strips, potatoes, eggs, jalapenos and cheddar. Comes with a side of sour cream and salsa. I also opted for a side of Garlic Mashed Potatoes with Cheese (3.50).  Since me and the wifey were sharing, we were thinking this was enough food. We were wrong. It was more than enough. The Mexican Pasty we ordered was basically a giant hot pocket cut in half. The Garlic Mashed Potatoes came in a medium sized casserole type of bowl with plenty of melted cheese on top of it. This could of been a meal in itself. Needless to say, we had plenty of it left because we were saving room for dessert because my wifey has a sweet tooth.  Again, looking at the dessert menu we were confounded with the delectable options we were gonna have to decide to get. So we ended up getting the Peanut Butter and Jelly Pasty (6.00). This concoction has peanut butter, bananas and raspberry jelly whipped cream and raspberry sauce. Comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The best way I can describe this item is that it's like a deep fried peanut butter jelly and banana sandwich topped off with raspberry sauce. Instead of milk you have it in the form of a scoop of vanilla ice cream to wash it down. This was a nice sized item as well and we could only eat half of it. I know my wife was happy for she had something good for lunch the next day.  Service was excellent. Our beverages were constantly filled, food came out in a timely manner, and she answered any and all questions we had with a smile.  Lastly, here are their hours. Mon-Sat 11 am to 12 am Sun 11 am to 10 pm  I love the fact that they close at midnight Monday through Saturday because sometimes, you just happen to be hungry around 9 or 10 because you had an early dinner or was forced to eat your in laws cooking, etc. Whatever your reason is, these guys are here for you!  So in closing, I don't normally do a long review. But when I do, its usually a 5 star worthy place and then some! It's not always that you find a place that you can bring your family where you can get great food with generous portions at great prices and great service. I suggest you make your way here because I  guarantee that once this place gets that much more popular, the only complaint you might have would be that you had to wait because the place was packed!  Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #34
First off, I should mention that I'm not the biggest fan of savory items baked in a crust, ie empanadas, pot pies, etc.  But I couldn't ignore my fellow Yelpers checking into this less than a month old establishment over on the Eastside and the raving reviews.  Thanks to all the Yelpers who reviewed this before me, it definitely helped knowing exactly where they are located.  And where's that?  Commercial Center - Lotus of Siam and Green Door fame.  They are located next door to Komol, so keep driving and you'll find it there.  It doesn't look like much from the outside and I wasn't sure what to expect going in.  But we were pleasantly surprised to find the bar/counter seating with large and small tables around.  Because it was Superbowl Sunday, the place was empty so we had our pick of where to sit.  The waitress was so happy to see us come in since previous Sundays bring in a good lunch crowd.  We started off with the Oven Chips with added Garlic "Hand cut British style chips, cooked in the oven, with cracked pepper and sea salt." ($3.75)  It came out piping hot with ketchup on the side.    The Husband was immediately intrigued by the soups and went for the Cream of Leek, Potato & Stilton (Cup $3.50). It came with homemade bread and butter.  We liked the blue cheese flavoring in the soup and the dense bread that accompanied it.  The Husband chose a Signature and Traditional Pasty - The Oggie "Steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (swede) with a side of red wine gravy or ketchup." ($8.50)  He asked for a side of HP sauce too.  I got a little taste, but ultimately the Husband devoured all of it.  It's a pretty good size and for someone who drank most of the soup and finished the whole pasty, he was full!  I chose a Premium Pasty - the Chicken Tikka Masala (Red Curry) "Marinated chicken breast, tikka masala sauce, green peppers and potatoes.  With a side of mint-yogurt dressing or tahini." ($9.00)  I'm always skeptical about getting chicken breast because of how dry it can be.  This was not the case at all!  It was super moist, tons of flavor, and just really good.  I ate half knowing that I would be hurting if I even tried to finish the other half.  (I did eat the other half the next day and it was just as good! The toaster oven couldn't heat it fast enough for me!)  What I really liked about their pasty is the ratio of filling to crust.  There's a lot of delicious filling and the crust isn't excessive or dried out.  Ultimately, just really good.  I took a quick peek at their dessert menu and was bummed out that I was too full to order anything.  In retrospect, perhaps I would have split one pasty so I could order a dessert pasty too.  Nonetheless, we came back about four hours later and picked up a Strawberry Pavlova "Homemade crisp meringue shells, filled with freshly whipped cream, strawberries, kiwi fruit and grapes.  Finished with raspberry coule." ($6.00) to go.  It wasn't the most exciting to look at when you take it to go, but it was nice.  Next time I'm going for the Apple Caramel Pasty, Shirley Temple's Pudding, or Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding since those seem a bit more unique.  They offer a pretty extensive beer menu that had the Husband wishing he could sit awhile and have a drink.  Happy Hour is all day on Sundays from 3 pm to 6 pm and 10 pm to 12 am on the other days, which means $1 off beer and wine.  Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays also offer a special on the the certain alcoholic beverages.  Overall, we are liking the pasties that the Cornish Pasty Company are offering and are happy to see them in Vegas.  We only wish they weren't so far away on the other side of town from us!
Pass-tea...not pasty as in nipple tassels or the other term for pale.Every time I come here there's always something I've set my taste buds on having but it's not available. One time, it was banana beer. Another time, it was chicken tikka Massala pasty.  But the service makes up for it. The times that I've been here, the servers were very friendly and chatty. The recommend substitutes for what I want but they didn't have have been great. No banana beer, I got to try ginger beer. No chicken tikka Massala pasty, I got to try veggie tikka Massala pasty. Both of which I probably would've never tried.  Crabbies Ginger Beer:  From Scotland. Very sweet and a mild taste of ginger. Ginger is good for you. Sold by the bottle. 5/5  Strongbow Hard Cider: Your typical apple cider. An apple a day, keeps the doctor away. On draft. 4/5  Banana Beer: From England. This is hard to find even online. Total Wine is out of these beers until who knows when. Your neighborhood grocery store doesn't have this. It's super delicious. Like a banana dessert made better because it's beer. This is currently my favorite beer. Sold by the bottle. 5/5  Veggie Tikka Massala Pasty: I love how I couldn't tell I was eating something vegetarian. I'm a huge carnivore so for me to like this is a big deal. The red curry taste was fantastic. Very filling. 4.5/5  Chips with Garlic: Baked thick-cut fries...chips in English. They bake the garlic with the chips so you get a bit of a burnt garlic taste. I love garlic, period so it doesn't bother me. The chips are slightly crisp on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. Ketchup on the side. 4/5  Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding: You can get this with vanilla ice cream or Creme anglaise...or both. The bartender helped me decide between this and the PB&J pasty so you can guess which won out vote. Homemade bread, cream with alcohol. Slightly crisp edges. You can taste the alcohol. 3.5/5  Strawberry Pavlova: The presentation is very pretty and impressive. I did not expect something so pretty to come from a pub. It has a meringue base, cream, kiwi slices, strawberry slices and halved grapes with raspberry coule. It's light, fruity and creamy. 4/5  They have happy hour from 3-6pm and 10-midnight everyday and it's $1 off draft beer and wine. Mondays: 14oz cider for $3. Tuesdays: $1 off all bottled items. Wednesdays: $5 glass of wine. Sundays: happy hour all day. They have Rogue Hazelnut beer on draft - another favorite of mine. You can come here solo, with a friend or with a group - you'd never feel lonely.  The bigger tables to the left of the entrance are church pews. Something about that that makes me feel guilty so I choose never to sit there. The bar is the perfect spot so you can watch them prepare pasties.
I have finally found my happy place: Banana Beer, bar seat, on a weeknight, solo.  Walked into the dark and swanky-looking bar area, and immediately got myself a Wells Banana Bread Beer- fabulous start to my evening, highly recommend. I'm not even a beer person and I finished it before my food came out, and seriously considered another. It's more than I'd usually spend on a beverage ($6.50) but well worth it.  Opted for the cream of leek soup  ($3 cup) and the Royale with cheese pasty ($9). Soup was smooth and creamy, flavor was pleasant and Stilton was pronounced. The bread and butter it's served with is delightful- thick, dense bread with plenty of smooth butter.    Pasty seemed to take a while, but it was worth it- stuffed full of beef, mushrooms, onions, and cheese, it really hit the spot. Gourmet Hot Pocket indeed. Crust was buttered and delicious without being too thick or getting gummy, stuffings were hot and complemented one another. Menu mentions several dips it can be served with, I didn't mention one in my order but was brought a dark reddish sauce- based on taste, I could not tell if it was a light house-made ketchup or an odd barbecue sauce, but either way I did not use much of it. Might suggest the Thousand Island as more complementary.  Service was attentive, prompt,  and polite. Most of the staff is skinny white guys with tattoos and vintage clothing, and they're all surprisingly quiet but very sweet. Whoever's in charge of the music is great: went from Metric to bluesy country and it was all well-selected.   Definitely coming back- tempted to chill at one of their smaller tables all weekend with a banana beer and a bunch of papers to grade. Want to try the rest of their soups, and quite a few of the pastys too- as good as my meal was, I think this is a place I'll constantly be trying new things rather than sticking to one dish.
Alright, first I thought it was pastRy with an R. Then I was corrected and told that it was paste-y like the skin. Now I find out it's past-ee. Lol I'll never get the name right, but regardless, this place is so good.   Don't let the run down plaza deter you from trying this place. It's right next to Komol with tons of parking so you can't miss it. Upon walking in, it's in the darker side but your eyes adjust eventually. There's little tables for the more intimate date, a bar to enjoy a few drinks and large tables with church pews to accommodate large groups. The skinny menu has a history lesson on the origin of the pasty. I felt more knowledgable after reading it. The menu has a large variety of pasties with or without meat, appetizers and a long beer list. You'll be reading it for a while.   So far, I've tried one pasty with meat (pesto chicken) and one without meat (eggplant parmesan) and both have been delicious. They really put some thought as to what ingredients would taste good wrapped together with dough. And they did an amazing job. They are made fresh to order so they come out super hot so be careful. The crust is buttery and flaky. They are packed full so don't expect to finish the whole thing unless you're really hungry. Both times I've had to take the other half home for lunch the next day. You have to try this place ASAP. The next one on my list is the asiago chicken! Can't wait.   P.S. Get the banana bread beer if it's available. You'll thank me later:)
What is a pasty?? and why was I pronouncing it paste-y like my skin, rather than past-ee like I am supposed to pronounce it?  Last Saturday night after the Rebels won a nailbaiter vs Boise State, we got a rita and some nachos at Paradise Cantina.  Then I decided we should continue dinner at Cornish Pasty Co. because it was nearby and everyone was rating it highly.  We sat at the bar, which has some very cold barstools!!!  There is a purse hook underneath the bar which is a great feature.  Our server was very cool, did not catch her name.  I got iced green tea which was great.  Eric R. is still not on the black tea bandwagon and only likes hot green tea, so he stuck with water rather than get British black tea.  I ordered the pilgrim (roasted turkey/chicken with grilled onions, stuffing, and sweet potato) served with red wine gravy and cranberry sauce (gelled, the best!) - and Eric R. got the chicken tikka masala with the mint yogurt sauce (tahini was the other option).  While we waited for our meals to be prepared, we watched a chef in front of us at the bar prepare the lamb vindaloo pasties (what I almost ordered, and will definitely get next time).  I was intrigued because the night before, I had learned how to make dumplings.  Now in front of my eyes, a chef was making essentially a giant dumpling, using egg wash instead of water to seal the dough but crimping it similarly!  I felt my parallel universes collide.  Our pasties came out piping hot and cut in half.  Eric R. learned something new about me that he didn't know (and that is hard for a married couple): that I really like gelled cranberry sauce and even enjoy the canned one.  I never think about it though so I never buy it or talk about it!  The pilgrim was very delicious.  Eric R. asked to swap halves so we ended up eating each other's first halves.  The chicken tikka masala was very moist and the curry sauce was spot on.  Eric R. thought it was a tad too spicy for him which means mild for me :)  Then we started on our second halves and ended up switching plates entirely.  He really liked the red wine gravy and I was quite happy with the CTM.  The vibe is cool and it was a hot spot just for people to drink while we were there.  It is located just north/left of Komol.  Whenever I go to Commercial Center, I will have to choose between Cornish Pasty, Komol, and Ma Dang...that is tough!  There is an extensive vegetarian menu too.  Cheers!
With Bobby Y. recommendations four of us decided to check the place out. It was somewhat a cozy place with neat seating (church pews and metal molded seats...interesting).      As soon as we sat down, waitress told us their tap beers were down (drop one star). She was very helpful and helped made some suggestions. Awesome suggestions by the way!      Banana beer is a must. I tried the ginger beer which was very refreshing. A bit on the sweet side. Beer selection is great, but if your looking for wine, you have one choice of wine in each kind.      If you have never had a pasty, you gotta come a try. They are yummy! The choices of filling is very flavorful and the pastry wrap was flaky.     The dessert was very sweet. I can only take a couple bites. Maybe too sweet for me. Overall experience, will go back again to try the other beers and pasties!
Lord, I love this place.  I'm originally from the Tempe area where the first one was, and have been eating Pasties since 2005-2006. It's always been the place that my husband and I HAVE to go eat when we go to AZ to visit- so we were OVERJOYED that they decided to open up a place here!  Service is great, we always sit at the bar and chat with the bartender.  Also, they have hooks to hold your purse, which is a huge plus.  I love the pesto chicken, and have had multiple vegetarian pastys and they are so hearty, they definitely fill you up and you feel satisfied after your meal.  Also, they are fast- we were in a rush last time and made it in and out of there in 20 minutes.
Having lived in Tempe, AZ where Pasty originated, I was so thrilled they brought one to Vegas. It has all the components of what made the original location great - awesome beer selection, delicious food, and awesome staff. I highly recommend checking this place out if you are just looking for a relaxed place to enjoy a good drink and tasty snacks.
This place is great, I've had the steak and cheese, carne avoda (not sure of spelling) and the chicken portabella. Steak and cheese was my favorite. The pastry shell has the nice airy consistency of quality apple pie crust. The  staff are friendly and quick. It's not fast food the pasties are made on demand so it takes a few minutes which gives u time to sample their excellent beer selection. They're located in the weirdly amazing commercial center, a secret enclave of world class restaurants where Cornish pasty co will fit right in. I'm glad to have this new option in the neighborhood. The place is comfortable and unpretentious.  Note the pasties are a pretty good size so u might want to share if you're not starving. The layout is a large bar and open kitchen with dining tables around the outer perimeter of the bar.
Hardcore solid stick-to-your-ribs meat-n-potatoes type food. Good on those cold winter nights....so get here fast before the weather turns. This food is a little heavy for summertime.  On my first visit, I had spinach/walnut/mushroom soup, which was amaaaazing, and came with delicious homemade white bread. I'm not normally into bread, but this bread was tha shizz. Then I had the chicken tikka pasty, with the yogurt dipping sauce -- FABULOUS!   On my next visit, I had the garlic oven chips (yums) and the Pilgrim pasty (Thanksgiving in a pasty...with cranberry on the side. TOTALLY kicks Capriotti's Bobbie's ass). YUMMM!   On both visits, I enjoyed the fact that I could drink draft cider without feeling like a pussy -- I *hate* beer, but usually get sneered at for drinking cider. Not so at these British places; they know what's up. (They only serve beer and wine, no hard liquor).  Prices are $3.50 for the soup cup, $5 per pint of cider, and around $9 per pasty. Awesome!!! The menu is very extensive, with lots of vegetarian and some vegan options as well. Aside from pasties there are also salads and soups and stuff.   Atmo is English pub as interpreted by humble hipsters. Staff have beards and ironic trucker caps and whatnot, but it's somehow not annoying...just a touching sort of "Let's play Portland!" Plus, they get MAJOR bonus points for being in the  unpretentious Commerical Center instead of downtown -- there's PLENTY of free parking, and fewer annoying Zappholes. Music is refreshingly unhipster as well, and played at just the right volume to encourage conversation.  Barstools are really uncomfortable metal tractor seats, but there are plenty of farmhouse-style tables as well. I still prefer the bar, seats or no -- my ass has plenty of padding....and it's only getting thicker, the more I come to this joint :-)
Heard about this place when it opened but didn't get a chance to try it until this past weekend and whoa was it delicious! So good that my boyfriend and I ended up returning the next night, bringing some new customers along with us.  Night 1:  I had read some reviews on here to kind of get an idea of which pasties to try -- I can't recall the last time I EVER went out and ordered one off a menu -- as well as some recommendations of their massive craft beer selections.   I start off with a beer, ordering the Banana Bread beer which was pretty tasty. The bartender then told us that was a popular beer and they only had a few left. Glad they still had a few available (I guess some other Yelpers had mentioned trying to order this beer, but the place had ran out)  A lot of people had recommended the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, so of course, I decided to take their advice. Boy am I glad that I did, because it was amazing! A little heat in there from the curry-esque flavors (i'm kind of a wuss with heat), but served with a side of tzatziki sauce to cool it down some. Perfect pair. (another reason this place deserves a high-five is because every pasty comes with a side dipping sauce and everything, in my opinion, is better dipped in some sauce)  My boyfriend order The Chicken Greek, was was also pretty yummy (I definitely liked my better though). We also ordered the Oven Chips with added garlic -- the garlic is cooked with the chips giving it a nice burnt flavor (burnt in a good way)  For dessert, we ordered the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding which was next to orgasmic. I absolutely recommend this to everyone.  ---  Night 2:  We decided that eating here again the next night wouldn't be a problem, so we brought my parents along to share with their taste buds.  I ordered the Bangers & Mash Pasty, with a pork-sage sausage and the normal components that are included in B & M with an extra side of red-wine gravy to dip it in. My bf tried the Peppered Steak because he loves blue cheese and he said it was so good, better than The Chicken Greek, but a bit messy (or maybe he's a messy eater). My mom got the Chicken Tikka Masala, and my dad tried the Lamb Vindaloo. He said the Lamb VIndaloo was a little too spicy, even with the tzatziki, but it was still [super] delicious.  For dessert, we of course ordered the Chocolate Bread & Butter Pudding, as well as trying the Shirley Temple's Pudding (RIP Shirley) and the Banoffe Pie, all of which was equally yummy. The Banoffe was not a savory as the other 2, but still pretty good.  If I lived closer to Cornish Pasty, I would eat here maybe every other day. Good food, good beer, and the price isn't bad either.
Delicious combinations of meat and other goodies wrapped in a beautiful crust. It's a hot pocket for people with taste buds. So many menu options and they all sound delicious. I went with the Philly Steak Pasty and it was awesome. Packed with flavor and cooked just right. Hopefully I will get over there again to try another one soon.   The chips were delicious as well.  They have a nice beer selection and the service is pretty good. The chairs at the bar I found a bit uncomfortable for someone of my size but still cool to sit at the bar and watch the guys prep some of the pasties.   Looking forward to my next visit.
A friend suggested that we try out this place for lunch on 2/11/14 and what an experience it was. I first want to say what GREAT customer service we received! The waitress ( sorry I don't remember her name but she was a red head) was a delight. She knew the menu and very helpful when it came to deciding what to try as this was our first time here. We had the mushroom, walnut and spinach soup with fresh baked bread. This soup was so good I went back after work and got a bowl to take home for my daughter to try. I had the Spicy Asiago Chicken Pastie and my friend had the Chicken Pot Pie, both were delicious. I took a cup of the mushroom soup to a co-worker that could not stop raving about how good the soup when I saw her the following day. This place is in the commercial center but don't let that stop you from giving this place a try. We will now make this a regular place that we visit especially since I have to try everything on the menu.
sooo...I finally got a chance to try this place. Its in the same mall as lotus of siam...the green door..the tranny bar and the 5 dollar crack head hooker stationed at the entrance to the mall.. Affectionately known to me as something for everyone mall. First thing is you better not have a larger then regular ass ,as they have these pretty cool seats but they are pre molded metal and if you have junk in the trunk your gonna be spilling out and uncomfortable.Other thing is that if your wearing shorts prepare for instant arctic butt and leg chill..the seats are cold. Again,as with most places in vegas they have ONE waitress serving a packed restaurant,this is a pet peeve of mine,its called SERVICE,if you track potential clients you should be able to gauge fairly well when the crowds will roll in,to not do that is just disrespectful to customers.Anyways....I ordered the leek and stilton soup for starters,I can only assume they make this to order because it took a good 20 minutes for it to come out. But,when it arrived I was very pleased,excellent soup and a side of nice bread,both very good and satisfying. I ordered the sheperds pie Pasty.Again if your in a rush forget it, I assume these are made fresh to order,it took about 40 minutes for it to arrive.But,if you plan on the extra time its definitely worth it,savory and satisfying,very good fresh food. My waitress was so overwhelmed that i just jumped up to the bar to get a refill on my coke. Honestly I don't blame the waitress for this lack of service I blame management for not properly staffing the restaurant.If the service had been proper this would without a doubt been a 5 star review. They also have a ton of beer choices. In summation I would return to this place the food was great,I just hope they address the staff issue,it was a bit frustrating,but in the end they made up for it with their delicious food.
You know that kind of meal that makes you smile through it? The environment, the beer, and bring your choice of companion to toss back and forth comments like "mmmm" and "you gotta try this" and "one more beer please".   Reinventing the pasty was a great idea.  Opening shop in vegas is an even better one.
After hearing allot about this place from several close friends and being ambushed on social media by people I know that all said this place was "amazing" and "the greatest place they have ever eatin" I was nervous to try it. You see, most if my friends are complete morons. Why else would we be be friends? With that said... Me and the old lady decide to check this place out for our selves yesterday after she got done work early... We arrived to see plenty of parking.. We walked in and it was well lit, decorated well and clean.. We were off to a great start. We sat down and were greeted promptly and friendly by everyone behind the bar.. Fun music playing, relaxing and causal. They had a good sized selection of Kraft beers so I asked some questions and I got the rogue hazelnut beer and my wife got a strongbow.. The menu had a lot of veggie and vegan things to choose from, which is great since we are vegetarians. We started with the oven baked fries were great! Not greasy, seasoned perfectly and not dry. Then the baked broccoli And cauliflower something, it was crunchy, creamy and tasty. Then we got the potato, leak and Stilton soup, this blew my fucking mind! Creamy and smooth but not heavey, potatoes were perfect, great taste, perfect temp, great color and the sour dough bread on the side complemented it and help make it one of the best soups I have ever had! No bullshit... By this time I was ready for another beer, I tried a couple but had to get the iron maiden beer, cause, well it's iron fucking maidan. It's was actually really good and not just a pretty bottle.Then we got I believe it was called veggie cottage pie? We split it and I'm glade we did. It was pretty big.. I'm not to familiar with this type of food but I loved it! Seasoned expertly, great mouth feel and very filling... It was truly a great meal... All the guys were great! Genuinely friendly and helpful when ordering. The only ones name i can remember is hank, cause it's hank and he's rad... But all of them were a good time to talk to and added to the dinning experience.. When we got the check I was surprised on how low the price was.. I then looked at the menu again and looked at the prices. This place prices it's food to move man... It was less then if we went to sushi and we were full and caught a nice buzz! We will be going here on the regular and recommending it to everyone who will listen! Turns out my friends aren't complete morons after all... Go figure
Yum yum! Oh yeah. My bf and I went here for dinner tonight. I was craving some Thai food but lotus of Siam wasn't even opened yet and already had a huge line :/ so we went here instead and boy was it yummy.  My bf had a peppered steak pasty which was pretty good but in my opinion a boys pasty lol I had a carne adovada pasty (my bad for spelling it wrong in the pictures) it was good but I wish I would have ordered a shepherds pie pasty instead omg they looked good. Next time for sure because we will definitely be coming back. The oven baked potatoes delish as well :))))   Definitely a must. Go go go!  Oh yeah and I think my bf would recommend the Scottish crabbie ginger beer (idk if I wrote that correctly)  It was too gingery for me but he absolutely loved it :)
Flaky tender pastry, neat atmosphere, and Scottish beer. This place is tops!  We enjoyed an order of oven chips (fries) with garlic and jalapeo on them; a peppered steak pasty (about $9.00) (you have to likeStilton blue cheese to like this one ) I loved it; and a crisp Crabbies Ginger Beer from Scotland ($6.50).  5/5 will be back.
I was originally going down the block for some Filipino food but decided to reroute and found myself at Cornish pastries. walked in and sat at the bar. atmosphere was a little different than I'm used too. they have church bench seating for larger parties or community seating. nice selections of beers. Menu is not too big n not too small. Bartender was friendly and helpful with suggesting her faves and what customers like. I asked for banana beer but was told they were out but when I looked up I found it myself. No big deal as long as the food is good right? I decided on the asiago chicken and chips w/ cheddar n jalapeo. Asiago was spot on, bomb.com, delicious with my dogfish IPA to push it down and chips to snack on. this place definitely interesting and delicious. Highly recommended!
My Dad grew up in Montana eating pasties so when he found this place he was so happy to try it. He thought it was great so he was anxious to share it with my husband and I.  Well I am thrilled he did. We shared some chips with garlic to start and all four of us got a different pasty. They were delicious and seriously filling, I only ate half of mine but it reheated great for lunch the next day. I got the rosemary chicken and the flavors blended very well and the dipping sauce just set it all off. My mom got the lovely bit of salmon, which I was skeptical of, and it really was good with the fish being a great consistency. My husband got the Mexican and ate it all and fast so that was a winner. Finally my dad got the pilgrim which he said was like Thanksgiving in a pouch and he got an Oggie to take home for the next day. I was also pleasantly surprised to find I really enjoyed the cider they had on tap. I asked the bartender what it was like and after describing it he let me try a little to make sure I liked it before I ordered. My husband was nearly overwhelmed by the beer options and is looking forward to going back to try more. We all really liked the atmosphere and the music was a great mix. In all we are looking forward to going back as there are many other flavors we want to try.
This place is awesome! Try the chicken asiago or chicken pot pie pastry. Go hungry very very filling and flavorful! Fresh/friendly/delicious  Great beer selection too
I found out about this place from someone at work. The location isn't the easiest to find, but it's worth it. We decided to order out to take home. The waitress went over the menu with us and helped us to make selections, and gave us water while we waited for our order. The pasties were incredible - and we have eaten pasties in Cornwall. These compare very favorably. Will definitely be back.  The only drawback - they aren't open on weekends.
OMG. The pasties are SO DAMN GOOD. I have been twice and have yet to deviate from my regular order of the Thanksgiving pasty (I think that's the name of it). Turkey, sweet potatoes and stuffing in a pasty, served with the yummiest gravy. They also give you a side of cranberry for the ultimate Thanksgiving experience. Their homemade lemonade is delish...Like Hot Dog on a Stick delish. The service can be slow (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars), so don't go if you are really hungry. Last time I went I ordered the tomato soup. It came to my table cold, but tasted delicious. They also have a large selection of beer, which I recommend because it leaves more lemonade for me!
They finally opened. I had bookmarked this particular restaurant quite some time ago and when they never opened i deleted the bookmark and then added the bookmark back. I did this several times for over a year and finally they opened their doors for business.   I came here with a friend who's mom is from England and is always looking for good British food in town to lure her mom here for a visit, so it wasn't too hard to convince her to try this place with me this week.  We arrived around 530 and the place wasn't packed but there were already a number of diners seated. The restaurant is much larger than expected and I enjoyed the ambiance quite a bit. It's on the darker side and makes you feel like you're the only people in the place.   We were seated quickly and perused the menu. Their pasty selection is extensive so it took us quite a bit of time to decide what we wanted to order. In the interim, we settled on some cider that was offered during happy hour. Our waitress was nice but service was a bit slow during our entire meal. She was apologetic about it so we weren't too perturbed. I decided on the lamb vindaloo pasty, since I was in the mood for something spicy. Our meals were slow to arrive, but worth the wait. At first we weren't sure about the portion size. They are deceptively large, when we first thought they were on the smaller side. I enjoyed my pasty quite a bit and it had the spicy kick I had been hoping for. My friend enjoyed hers quite a bit as well. I have tried pasties a few times in the past but I have to say this was probably my favorite so far. We each were only able to finish half of our meal, but took the rest to go with us. I couldn't resist ordering dessert as well, I ended up with the Shirley Temple's Pudding since I absolutely adore sticky toffee pudding and my friend got the strawberry pavlova. Both were good, with my pudding edging hers out by a nose in the flavor department.   We had a fabulous meal and my fella even raved about how good my leftovers were, so we will likely be back soon to give them another go. Just be sure you aren't in too much of a rush when you dine here since our whole meal took over two hours from start to finish.
Everything was awesome here. The food was amazing, they have a great beer selection and we even got desert and that was equally amazing. We ordered the Chicken Asiago, Carne Adovado, the Oggie and the Greek Chicken. I am definitely a fan and will be back. Looks like this is going to be another stop on our tours for out-of-town guests.
The second I walked in I felt immediately cool. I just moved back to hometown Vegas from a five year stint in NYC so my newly acquired city girl foodie habits have been met with basic disappointment at every turn in the desert. I crave great atmosphere, delicious out of the ordinary foods, and babe watching opportunities in my dining experiences and Cornish did not disappoint.  My date and I split jalapeo chips and each ordered our own pasty. He: the Italian and me: the chicken pesto. Omygoddddd. Deliciousness in every bite. Nice and dark dining area. I'm not a beer fan but they had amazing banana bread beer and I was in heaven.   Also to be noted, at first I assumed the pretty tattooed girls bar tending and waitressing might be bitchy to me or something but lo and behold they were sweet as pie and twice as nice. Struck up a nice little convo about the somewhat obscure female fronted hardcore band on my tee shirt and made excellent snack recommendations as well.  And again big ups on these hipster hot pockets. The servings are huge which means leftovers wooooop. Can't wait to go back. Bonus points for being open until 11 in my neighborhood... Can there eventually be a delivery service for my lazy hungry stoner ass?
"Oi, this pint is cold!"  I call to the barkeep.  "Bloody well right.  We're not in London mate.  This is America" and a laugh.     America, the land of "Hot Pockets".  Hot Pockets, pasties; toe-may-toe, toe-mah-toe.  Only difference, these are bloody good.  For the traditionalist, the Oggie; traditional Cornish pasty is hearty and comforting.  A "stew" of  beef, potatoes, onion, and rutabaga stuffed in a well seasoned, perfectly cooked through, semi rich pastry shell.  Despite the filling being moist, and the bottom being thin, it is still firm enough to pickup.  Impressive.  A side of mushy peas with it's baby food consistency and vegetal flavor provides the perfect accompaniment.  The crust lends itself well to non traditional pasties.  The chicken tikka masala hearty with a pronounced Indian curry taste, mild heat but somewhat dry chicken breast.  The Shepherd's pie with its flavorful, juicy, gamy lamb, creamy potatoes and root veg also good except for the odd addition of cheddar cheese,  Finally bangers and mash (sausage with onions and potatoes in a red wine gravy) good eats.  The slight acidity in the red wine gravy brings out the sage flavor of the British banger.   Beer works best with the pasties.  Very good selection including many British offerings.  Reasonable, off Strip pricing.  Great, off Strip service.  A single pasty is a meal and at less than $10 each, good value.  It's not perfect but at this price, who's complaining.
The restaurant will take you by surprise the second you walk in. Expect a dark modern bar setting. Located in the run down Commercial Center, you wouldn't expect such a nice interior.  Menu is pretty simple.  Their specialty? Pasties!  What are pasties? Pasties are fairly large pastries that are filled with meat and vegetables. You should expect an over glorified hot pocket. Their portions are generous! Don't let the size fool you, half will probably fill you up. Sister re-heated my leftovers and had it the next day.   I got the Veggie Chicken Tikka Massala Pasty which was good but not great. The flavors were there but the texture of the veggie chicken was odd. It might just be the kind that they chose to use. I will try a meat pasty next time.  Ordered the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding served with ice cream for dessert just for the sake of ordering dessert. We were so full from the pasties that it was hard to enjoy this.   The service is great, we sat at the bar and got to see them put together the pasties as we ate them, which was comforting...you usually don't get to see what a restaurant does with your food.  Meal for about 3 ran us about $45. Good deal.  I'll be back to try the banana bread beer that everyone is going on about soon.
Went for a  solo late lunch and was very pleasantly surprised. Really friendly service that took the time to explain the menu and beers. First, the place seems super clean. Also the great beer selection is reasonably priced.  I had the Oggie pasty and loved the perfect and pepper potato, beef and rutabaga filling, which worked very well with a cold Joseph James beer($4!!). My goal is to try every pasty on the menu(except the vegetarian ones!) Great place to dine alone or with others.
Great atmosphere, excellent food, good service! A hidden gem! Had the lamb pasty, delicious! Can't wait to try the tons of other options!
I was really excited to see another taste from Michigan making it's way to the valley.  I like to describe to people a pasty as a slightly harder calzone with meat and potatoes stuffed inside of it.  If you can think of a winter food which can warm your soul, this is it!  The thing which makes Cornish Pasty unique is pure selection.  You can get the original style, or get the pasty stuffed with a whole slew of offerings with sides.  (The price range is roughly $9 on average).  Personally my original style pasty did not taste as good as what I've had in Michigan (where the treat is popular as far as the US goes), but it was still really good.  What will keep me coming back is trying all of the combinations on the menu, I'm sure there is a 5-star winner in there!  The desert menu also looked very good, I ended with a PB&J pasty, it was very gooey on the inside and the scoop of ice cream complimented it nicely.  They also have an apple pasty and some sort of banana pie treat.  Once again i will be back!  If you are a Vegas foodie, you'll recognize the area from Lotus of Siam, is it nice brand spanking new Summerlin? No, but the location near the strip and surrounding neighborhoods makes for a very easy in and out.  The inside is very nice, not too small, but not too big with low lighting.  Check it out!
Found this place on Yelp and am so glad I checked it out! My friend had the tikka masala salad and I had the pot pie pasty. The meat was flavorful and the salad fresh, my pasty was perfectly seasoned, held together well, with a flaky crust that practically melted in my mouth. I could hardly finish half, and the other half is in my fridge for dinner! I can't wait to go back and try the cottage pie pasty next.
We stopped in before the show at the Onyx last night for a casual dinner. Wow! Best variety of pasties I have ever seen. I had the cheese and onion wit HP sauce on the side. My sister hand' had HP before so had to taste it, thumbs up as a condiment. I love Guinness stout, they serve Murphy's, a decent alternative. My hubby had lamb and bro-in law went with chicken Alfredo. We were stuffed and all our choices were great, best outer crust I can recall having. Better than what we got our hands on during the last trip to  England. We will be back for sure.
Starters: Very cool wait staff.  Good vibe in this place...seriously.  They had old Talking Heads buzzing in the. background.  Leek, potato, stilton soup...Yowza!  Pomegranate tea was a nice alternative to a pint.  Salmon pasty suggested by my vegetarian waiter came out hot and unexpectedly firm...which was awesome.  Dillsauce rocked.  Thin cut potatos and asparagus...Double Yowza!  I am totally in for more of this.
Get the side dishes or the. soups. They are great and delicious. Also sit at the bar. It's fun watching them make the pastys live.
I first went to the Cornish Pasty Co in Tempe in December. I was addicted immediately. Amazing vegetarian pastys, craft beer - what else do you need? Following a plan for a family Vegas weekend in February, I found out that they opened a location in Vegas. It was a MUST do for the weekend. On Saturday I brought my family there. There was 8 of us, and we should have called to make a reservation because they were super busy! But they found a space for us. Unfortunately for being pretty new and very busy, there were some hiccups. But for me - I'm in the restaurant industry so I get it. They were out of a lot of the pastys on the menu. They ran out of glasses so it took a whole to get our drinks. My dad's pasty took a while longer than everyone else's to come out. Etc. Our waitress was super sweet though (I think her name is Mandy?) and apologetic about everything. Food was obviously AMAZING (we all agreed!). Cannot wait to go back!
I've been on quite a tear recently with my "To Try" bookmarks. Late this afternoon, I was suggesting to my friend that we pre-game to make sure we were full after restaurant #2 (more on that in the near future). This place popped up in our brainstorming and we went for it.  Cornish Pasty Co. found an home in a rather decrepit plaza which happens to be home to the legendary Lotus of Siam. CPC is right next to Komol, and you'll wanna know that the parking spots right in front are angled in the wrong direction if you're approaching from the street. A bar proudly dominates the center of the restaurant, and tables line the outside. We sat at the bar for a change of pace, although we weren't imbibing any potent potables tonight.  I originally wanted only one pasty, but my friend convinced me that we should get two so that we could each try two. Conveniently enough, the pasties are cut in half, and they were willing to provide extra dipping sauce for free.  I tried the bangers and mash ($9.00) first: sausage, grilled onions, and mashed potatoes with an interesting red wine gravy. Friend didn't care for the wine flavor, but I appreciated that it wasn't just plain gravy. Second up was the lamb vindaloo, which I ordered for the lamb-ness although I found the vindaloo was dominant. The Indian spices, unfortunately, are not in my wheelhouse, the spicyness was definitely a challenge for my delicate / capsaicin-sensitive tongue, and the yogurt sauce was just odd and didn't quite complement the lamb vindaloo. I'll take the blame for most of this, but I'm going to hold the yogurt sauce against CPC.  I've gotta say, though, that the pasty shell around each of the fillings was quite good. Very flaky and golden brown, yet not burnt at all, and just the right thickness so as not to distract from the filling. I'm sure that I will enjoy the experience more fully next time when I only pick pasties that are appropriate for my palate, but I still highly recommend that you try the pasties promptly.
If you like English food this place is great. From an American's point of view the food is average. The funky location in the Commercial Center with a very low key exterior made the outing interesting and adds to the appeal.If you have not had an English Pasty before it is basically a Pot Pie without the pot. Service was great and the draft beer was really cold (as opposed to the English tradition). My English wife had a traditional Pasty and reported it was very high quality and authentic. I tried the red Curry pasty and it was fine but  was constantly reminded by the photos on the wall that a "pasty" is basic food intended for coal miners.This is a good place to visit if you are looking for a working class English pub experience.
I had this place on my radar, so when fellow yelper, Loon E. and his girl were in town and suggested this place, I was all in! Walking inside it seemed dark, but I liked it. We chose a table and menus and waters were quickly brought to us. Loon had a beer I tasted that was supposed to be ginger flavored, but the ginger taste was very faint. After looking over the menu it was hard to decide what to order because it all looks so good.   The menu consists of signature, premium and vegetarian pasties, soups, salads, desserts and an interesting variety of appetizers. To start I ordered "Oven Chips" priced at $3.50 plus an additional 50 cents for cheese I wanted on them. The chips are hand cut British style and baked in the oven with cracked pepper and sea salt. I thought the chips were a bit on the soggy side. I wondered if it was because of the addition of cheese that made them soggy, but after tasting the oven chips with jalapeno and no cheese that the others at my table were sharing, they too were mushy and soggy to me.  I ordered a "Carne Adovada" pasty priced at $9.50 and WOW! After the first bite, my taste buds were dancing with joy! This pasty has simmered pork in a New Mexican red chili stew, rice, chilies and cheddar. It also comes with a side of salsa and sour cream. There is so much great flavor going on in this pasty! I honestly never even tried the salsa that accompanied it because the pasty itself has such good flavor on it's own, but I did really enjoy it with the sour cream. I must come back and eat this again! I sampled some of the "Bangers and Mash" pasty and thought the first bite was okay, but the next was a bit blah. The red wine gravy that came with it was too salty. I have to say that it isn't something I have ever had before, so I truly can't compare it to another, but the flavor wasn't for me.  Our server was just great! I wish I could remember her name to give her a proper shout-out, but I can tell you aside from being an awesome waitress, she knows all about Emoji and how everybody needs a little in their life! ;)  If you wanted they have an option to take a part-baked pasty home to bake when you are ready to eat it. The part-baked pasties are sold at a reduced price, but they make a certain amount fresh throughout the day, so I would recommend calling your order in to make sure they can have the pasty you want ready to take home. I want to come back at some point to try out some of their other sides and try baking a pasty at home to see how it turns out. With the variety of pasties here, if a certain one doesn't work for you flavor-wise, give another one a try! Maybe you will find a favorite like I did!
2nd review... I have been here over 6 times in 2 months and everything is always wonderful. The carne adovada and the tikka masala are literally TO DIE FOR FOR UNDER $10.00  If you haven't had lunch here you are making a mistake   If you haven't brought a date here, you are missing out and so is your date.  Fix it- go there. Live it, love it, eat it.
Amazing! Had the Pilgrim. Couldn't finish all of it (big pie) but it was really tasty. Don't miss out on this "hole in the wall" find.
I've subjected the poor Tomcat to all sorts of misery over the years. It's hard to please a foodie girlfriend, especially when his only foodie desire is to eat at every In-N-Out in America. Oh brother....   So, it was after much trepidation that he  agreed to try Cornish Pasty Co., a restaurant specializing in food from Southwest England, more specifically, the Pasty. My selling point was, it had his four favorite food groups: cheese, potatoes, ground meat, and beer.   Well Yelp, we found a winner! We finally found a place that we both liked!   I loved the Mushroom, Walnut and Spinach soup. It's served with a side of bread and delicious, easily spreadable butter.   The Tomcat LOVED the Oggie, a pasty filled with steak, onion, potatoes and rutabaga. I thought it was ok, it tastes bland. It tastes a lot like the food Tomcat cooks at home (his ancestry is Irish/Scottish). So, to some people, bland is good. They even have MUSHY peas (that's how it's described on their menu, "mushy" peas), so this is some authentic British food. Who else eats mushy peas? And are proud of it?   Luckily, I didn't order a pasty, but if I did, I'd go with a more flavorful one, like the Chicken Tikka Masala, or the Lamb Vindaloo. Instead, I went with the Broccoli and Cauliflower Cheese Bake. The dish is exactly as it sounds. The cheese baked on top is awesome. There's also cheese melted inside with the fresh broccoli and cauliflower. It's like a healthier, non-carb version of mac-n-cheese. Tomcat and I both agreed, this dish was delicious.   I also got a bottle of their much talked about banana-beer bread. Ugh. Bitter. Pass. You can smell the banana and taste a little bit in the aftertaste, but most of the time, it tasted like a strong, bitter beer.  The highlight of the meal was the Shirley Temple's Pudding, a sticky toffee pudding made with Treacle and served with ice cream. This was delicious, possibly the best dessert I've ever had. The top is caramelized and the bottom has slightly burnt brown bread that tastes a lot like a brownie end. Top it with ice cream and it is heaven.   So, I recommend this place, especially if you're craving some British food. They've also got an interesting beer selection. Definitely will be a date-night destination for us.
Located in the same plaza as Green Door, Lotus of Siam, and right next to Komol in commercial center plaza. Ample parking galore. Just watch for the slanted parking spaces and which way your car is facing!  I came here with my boyfriend after a show at the Onyx. Love the concept. Punk rock playing over the speakers. Center bar with metal swivel seats and park-benchlike support was a nice touch. Whoever designed this place deserves props!   AMBIANCE:  Make sure to sit at the bar to catch the guys making pasties. (Pronounced "pass-teas" and not "paste-stee" like the nipple tape in porn I believe lol) it's cool seeing them make a whole batch, but I worry about when they make a whole batch tray of 20ish. What do they do with the rest when they've baked them all and served people? Refrigerate them? It was a pretty dead night for a friday considering that there was First Friday going on.   Love the intimate low-lighting. The design for this bar is cool. Picture polished wood and beer. Clean place. One side of the place has two-seater tables with the same unique park-bench swivel chairs. The other side has two long tables with long benches for bigger parties. I wonder what this place looks like super crowded.  DRINKS:  We ordered the Union Jack IPA and its darker cousin the Wookey Jack IPA. Union Jack is hoppy (IPA, I know) while the Wookey Jack is also hoppy, but more bitter in taste. I like the fact that they carry both. These beers paired well with the pasties we ordered.  APPETIZERS:  To start we got the Hand-Cut fries with the option of garlic and/or jalapenos over it. We greedily got both. This was amazing. Perfect bar food to soak up alcohol. Freshly cracked pepper and sea salt seasoned this dish so well. These fries set them apart from other cardboard-tasting carbon copies.   The leek, potato, and stilton soup ($3.50 cup) was creamy, well-made, and not bland at all. For those who don't know, stilton is a type of rich cheese. I should have asked for the bowl ($5ish). The cheese flavor went beautifully with the leeks and potatoes giving it a hearty flavor. Came a couple slices of bread and butter.  PASTY: My Bangers & Mash pasty was okay. Really drying on the inside including the hard puff pastry encasing it. It came with an excellent red wine gravy sauce so maybe I should have asked for more of that. Although it was okay to eat, it was really salty and dense. I expected maybe a sauce/liquid/melted something on the inside when I stab it with my fork. It would have made the dish more palatable and not just a literal meat-cake.   True, I dipped it in my gravy, but it was still a little difficult to eat. Meat was a bit too tough. Expected it to be a bit more tender.  Maybe I'll try a different pasty next time. The appetizers and ambiance were excellent. I had a bite of my boyfriend's adobada pasty and that was bomb. We're definitely coming back for this one!
Love this place! The food was amazing, staff is great and they play great music! Anywhere I can walk in and here The Clash and The Ramones is great and the food is even better! Great veggie and vegan options as well! I've been here twice in two weeks! Also really good beer selection!
"What on earth is a pasty?!" and "Where on earth was it located?!" These were burning questions that became an obsession until I couldn't take it anymore. The juvenile humor in me kept thinking of nipple tassles and it being located near the infamous Green Door only fueled my misconception. Seeing this place given 4.5 stars, mostly from respectable Elites made it too irresistible for me. I didn't want to miss the train! I had the darnedest time finding CP inside the vast commercial center and even gave up after driving around aimlessly the first time. But I was a determined little you-know-what so I did a little more research and found it. Oh happy day! It's located next to the green storefront of Komol. A dark venue inside with a large bar and church pews with special molded iron barstools and a history lesson on the tin miners who originated the pasty. It holds true that as a "hole in the wall" type of establishment,  this place has excellent food that draws all types of foodies.  My daughter who is a foodie in the making ordered the OGGIE...the very first pasty on the menu. It's filled with steak, potatoes and rutabaga served with a wine sauce. Tender pieces of beef with soft potatoes and the bright pop of the rutabaga. Let's just say, she cleaned her dish with not a crumb left. I decided to make up for not finding it the first time, by ordering 2 pasties. The Pilgrim and the Chicken Tikka Masala. The Pilgrim is taking the best Thanksgiving leftovers and rolling it up in a flakey crust and the best part is having ample gravy and cranberry sauce to go with it (they will offer more upon asking). The Chicken Tikka Masala would rival any good Indian restaurant and served with a nice mint yogurt. Tender chicken breast so full of flavor and it tastes good even after sitting in the fridge a few days and reheated. These pasties are all handcrafted and made ahead of time then par-baked for 90 minutes. When you order, they are finished in the oven, then served neatly sliced in half with a perfect crust in every bite. Be sure to save room for the Shirley Temple pudding because it is life changing. It's served HOT in a mini caldron that is like 900 degrees which carmelized the sides of the pudding into a chewy crust, and you must get it with vanilla ice cream. Imported british treacle cake (just don't smell it lol) is so moist and has this toffee sauce on top that comes to you bubbling...careful not to burn your mouth. Bring everyone you know, they will thank you for introducing this unique eat to them. If they can't make it, you can get any pasty par-baked and taken home. Believe the hype!
I work very close to this place, so when the name popped up I was instantly intrigued. Not to mention the fact that they only serve huge hot pockets. Double the interest. I walked in to a cute waitress with a smile and hot red hair, sold before I tasted the food! Now this better be good!  I have never dined in, and my review is based on 2 Togo orders. One for lunch at work, and one I brought home for dinner. Trip number one I ordered the Cottage pie, and my boss tried to vegan rosemary chicken. Also got the chips with jalapeno and garlic. Chips are fries, and would be better dining in. Good, just got a bit mushy. Pasties were to die for. Flaky crust that didn't get soggy. Stuffed so full of goodness. Depending on what your pasty choice is you receive a side of gravy, marinara, ketchup, or whatever may go good with yours!  My second trip we ordered Cajun chicken, meat and cheese, and the pastrami. Everyone was happy and would order theirs again. The garlic mashed potato side is FULL of garlic and I was a huge fan of the baked cauliflower and broccoli. Crust was perfect.  I have yet to try their desserts, but I have a feeling when I do- my rating will go to 5 stars.  Don't let the yuck location scare you off, this place is a hidden gem!
After having dinner here I can't say I'm hooked. My wife loved her pasty but I didn't feel the same way about mine. I had the Italian Pasty and there was a good amount of meats like salami, capocollo, pepperoni, ham. It also had mozzarella cheese and came with a side of marinara sauce. The inside of my pasty was really good. I didn't like the "hot pocket" type dough so much though. Before my pasty came I grubbed on some Oven Chips with jalapeno. The oven chips were very greasy and somewhat burnt at the same time and I didn't like that the jalapeno easily fell off since there was no cheese or gravy to hold it all together. We were eating with yelper Loon E and his woman and they felt the same way about the oven chips and found their dishes to be too salty.   Our waitress was nice and took good care of us. I can't say I'd hurry back next week but since my wife liked her pasty and you can order them for pick up to take home and cook yourself, I might give a different pasty a try.
Excellent food. Friendly staff. Great music. I will be coming back without a doubt.  The price is great and the food is filling. Some authentic British selections without a doubt. Shepherd's Pie Pasty is the bee's knees. The British oven fries with cheese is a great starter. Looking forward to happy hour next time.
If you are in the mood for a pasty and a english beer then this is the place to go in Las Vegas.  I had the peppered steak. It was not frozen and was made to order. The flavor profile was a little off for me but I should have known that when I ordered, the peppered steak comes with melted Stilton and the Stilton was just a little bit overpowering and too earthy for me. Although I love blue cheese I would have probably been better suited with the cheese steak.  However, other than that the pasty was great! perfectly cooked and the bread was cooked on the outside with hot filling on the inside - think a deluxe hot pocket.   My only complaints were that the waitress was nice but a little dense and incredibly slow. She didn't bring the happy hour cider I requested and brought a larger size at a larger price - but larger cider really shouldn't be a point of contention I suppose. Also, for the $9ish I would have liked to see the pasty come with a side, fries or something else.    We also bought the garlic fries. They didn't taste fried but more like the oven fries I make at home (my attempt to bake fries to be healthy which hopefully offsets the copious amounts of french fries from fast food places I eat). The problem with what appeared to be baked or crisped fries was that the garlic on the outside was burnt. Maybe they should put the garlic on after they cook the fries to avoid this problem.   Two pastys, four beers and fries came to about $44. Steep for lunch but I suppose not bad considering the four beers. They also have a decent english/irish beers on tap and many more in bottles.   Suprisingly for a  pub in the commercial center, they were not smoky and they had a child seat, which means children are welcome! They had a few larger booths so groups of 4 or more could come here as well.   I hope they make it but they are not what you would expect for the commercial center. I think that they would be much more suited in a more prominent area as a new business.
Great pasties! Place looks awesome! The only thing is no pavlova on my third visit..... Here's hoping my next visit they'll have it. All in all solid place.
So they are like hand pie's...for giants! Or for you food from the freezer type of folk...a hot pocket but so much better.  So the place is small, kind of divey but  in a good way. Love the booths, the benches are church pews. The bar is small but sufficient, beer and wine only. Our waitress/bartender (Mandi I think) was awesome, it wasn't too busy on a Sunday around 4pm. She was attentive and helpful, she was a hard worker.  We actually bumped into fellow Yelpers while we were there, Roger T. and family and Norm K. getting some pasties to go.  I was really in the mood for spice so I got the Chicken Tikka Masala and Doug got the Rosemary Steak. We shared some Garlic Fries. Mine was good, good flavor. The outside pastry of both were golden and flakey. Be careful the inside is hot, don't expect to pick it up and sink your teeth in. It was a good ratio of pastry to filler. The fries were garlicy as promised, baked nicely. Doug's was interesting, but it felt a bit salty to me. He ate it all happily of course with a nice English brew. We decided on some dessert, of course Doug got his pick of them because I knew all I could fit would be a few bites. Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding...it tasted like a warm chocolate chip muffin with butter, it had some crme on top and ice cream on the side. I liked the crispy bits on the outside and Doug liked the soft warm center. We're such a match.     The prices were good for the amount of food you get.  I would love to go back and try more pasties and desserts!
In short: Outstanding.  I recommend the Cornish Pasty Co.  The moment we (my wife and I) walked in we were greeted by both waitresses.  We felt welcome immediately.  The bar/restaurant is dark and intimate with a modern English type theme.  Although I did not partake in the libations this trip, it appeared they had a well-rounded selection of beers.  The kitchen is located behind the bar area and is almost a show kitchen.  It appeared that everything is made to order from fresh ingredients.  Our waitress was wonderful.  She was polite, attentive, and patient explaining the menu.  We started off with one of the four soups on the menu.  My wife and I shared a bowl of the hearty mushroom, walnut, and spinach soup.  It was served with homemade bread and butter.......Delicious.  I would go back just for that alone.  We also ordered a pot of English tea which complimented the entire meal.  My wife ordered the Philly Cheese pasty and I ordered the Shepard's Pie pasty.  Before I go on, a pasty is in the calzone family.  The main difference is a pasty is more of a pastry shell versus a heavy pizza dough.  Now that I can compare both, I choose the pasty.  Anyway, the Philly pasty was stuffed with square chunks of beef and accompanied by green bell pepper, onion and cheese.  It was served with a side of a mustard-dill sauce.  I stole a bite from the wife and it was delicious.  The Shepard's Pied pasty was everything it was billed to be:  Seasoned ground lamb, mashed potatoes, and cheddar cheese.  This was served with a side of red wine sauce which complimented the dish perfectly.  OMG......terrific!  Only one complaint........there is no wine menu; however, upon leaving, I mentioned to the caring waitress that a simple wine list is needed.  She seemed very interested and wanted to champion this task.  Now that's an employee who cares and I want her waiting on me in my future visits.
Tired of the same ol' bar food on different plates? Then you have to try Cornish Pasty!  Pronounced pas ty from the word pasta.  Started with the oven baked fries, which are the very best fries we ever had.  14 and 20 oz hard ciders.  Then we had the steak-leek-portabella-zucchini-stinson cheese pasty and were amazed.  Had the sausage and cheddar with red wine sauce pasty also.  Can't decide which was our favorite as each was deliciously satisfying and unique. Had the sticky toffee pudding which was equally fantastic. Best part?  Everything!  Also only $40 for all of this!
I've heard a lot of buzz about this place on Yelp and my hubby loves him a meat pie or pasty so this sounded like the place for us!   It's located in Commercial Center in a very none disscript building just the name Cornish Pasty above the door. The interior is  awesome. They have reclaimed church pews for benches and a beautiful bar! The walls are covered in old pictures with really cool frames.   Our waitress was very friendly, but the food! Omg the food!!! It was superb! I had the Philly Steak Pasty. It was huge! It was also filled with steak, mushrooms, onions, peppers and cheese all perfectly melted together in a toasty flaky pastry. On the side was a yummy gravy that just made the dish that much better when you spread it over the pasty. My husband had the Chicken Alfredo Pasty. It too was huge!!! It had chicken, ham, onions, cheese and potatoes. It came with a very zesty marinara sauce. We also ordered the Garlic Chips! Oh boy! It had tons of chopped garlic which I love. The fries were crisp yet soft. It was a great balance. It came with a ketchup that I think was house made cause it too was extra yummy!   They have an excellent selection of beers that I will totally be back to try! Not only is this place delicious it is very inexpensive!! My husband and I ate for $24 not including tip. We left totally full and satisfied. I can not wait to go back!!! What a great new local business!!! I'll be spreading the word for sure!
Tried this new place with my BF and we LOVE it!!! The soup is beyond amazing, great beer on tap and a super cool atmosphere.  Food was great!!!
We ordered 2 stuffed pies: Royale was excellent,  but the cajun chicken was okay. The Shirley  Temple sticky toffee pudding was a little burnt so it tasted bitter. Service was very nice. Definitely, we will go back to try other stuffed pies.
So yummy! Friendly staff and a great menu that will have me going back for more! I love the flakiness of the dough and the different sauces that were in my pasty. I have was on my lunch break and couldn't have some beer but I definitely want to go back to try some after work and have a delicious pasty once again. My fav was the balsamic mushroom.
Good service and great food! I had the veggie chicken pesto pasty and it was amazing. You might consider splitting one if you plan to have dessert. They are quite filling. For you fellow vegetarians, they make their Pasties with Quorn brand faux meat and some without. The chips were great and don't let the appearance or name throw you on the mushy peas.  That was excellent as well!
My girlfriend and I went here yesterday for a late dinner and it was awesome. The ambiance is cool but not too cool, the staff are unique and fun, the beer selection is good, and the food is delicious. What more can you ask for? It's location is in a weird spot but once you find it you're good to go. I highly recommend this place.
Absolutely great food - I had the meat and potatoes pasty and a side of curried fries - both were great.  Large variety of beers and friendly staff.
I order the Carne adovara as my first  Pasty and a salmon Caesar salad delicious!!!. Great and friendly wait staff who brewed a fresh pot of ice tea for my order.  Great eclectic vibe here. Open kitchen concept where you can see them make the pastys on behind the center bar.. I really like what they have done here. A rock restaurant feel.. I will be a regular!
I really wish I could eat this every day! such a cool out of the way place we stumbled on it when we were supposed to meet friends next door for dinner but there wasn't space available...thank goodness! because this was so much better. really nice atmosphere, everyone working there seems really cool and friendly but the best reason to go here is the delicious pasty's, which is basically like the most delicious giant hot pocket you've ever had. they have tons of filling options  fromtraditional meat and potato's to carne asada. but my favorite so far was the dessert Carmel apple yummmm!!!
Amazing.   Yummy...peppered steak.   Best Meal In Vegas. ..Will return.Vegas Best Kept Secret. .Ops Now Its Out...
Brand new place, great beer selection, and delicious pasties. I'm always looking for something new, and this fit the bill. I'll definitely be back!
Ok ok they aren't hipster hot pockets. They are small pastries made in heaven by babes and I want to catch them all. Like Pokemon or some shit.
I haven't had a pasty in a long time and I'm a bit lazy to make it (all that dough rolling)!   I got the Lamb Vindaloo and it was full flavored delicious. The lamb was tender and I was really digging the sauce. I had a side of mint yogurt and even without it, it was good. I most definitely would get this again as it's up my wheelhouse.  The BF got shepherds pie which had a solid filling and it was a nice take to have a crust on it for a different texture than traditional.   We also got the sticky toffee pudding (Shirley Temple Pudding on the menu). It came in a individual cast iron so it is hella hot! Don't burn yourself on it! I liked this because then the middle is soft, but you also get crispy edges if you eat from the middle out. It was a solid sticky toffee pudding.   It was a positive experience so the following week we came back with a friend.   I got the Peppered Steak this time and it was also a solid choice. I liked the stilton cheese in this one and it didn't really need the mustard sauce that came with it. The BF got the porky and our friend got the bangers and mash. Both were happy with their choices too.  I find our waitress super adorable and she's friendly and pretty attentive both times we've been in. We're checked on, we have drinks refilled and paying in a timely manner has been no issue.   Definitely a fan of this place. The crust is perfect crisp consistency and the pasty are filling. It's a good spot for various types of taste too as there is a filling for just about everyone. I'm not normally in this area, but the BF and I will make this a regular spot I think.
The gravy... Is to die for, I could eat a bowl of it! Can't go wrong, close your eyes and point at the menu. You'll love it.
Was hard to find at first and looked very intimidating, but once you got in it was a very chill environment/pub. Friendly people and low key. Oh yeah, AND GREAT PASTIES(rhymes with last)!
This place is rad. Relaxed staff, intense beer selection, and perfect hangover food. Since my first time there I've been a fan.  I'm a little biased to the atmosphere because their playlist is on point, but aside from the music the aesthetic is awesome. The miner photos are a nice touch to the fine lighting.  I'll never go to a restaurant without snooping out the bathroom, and I love that they decided not to remodel them from the last restaurant's kitschy Spanish motif.   The menu is excellent. After visiting there a few times at this point, I've gotten a nice scoop of everything they have to offer and haven't been dissatisfied once. I'd go just for the soups, but if  you're going to have that-  you might as well try  the broccoli, and if you're going to have the broccoli - you should really just invite a bunch of friends and try out the full menu.   The staff is knowledgeable and fun.  It's definitely a place to sample a few beers, and make a few favorites. With rotating taps as well as iconic staples - everyone's tastes are filled.   I look forward to visiting here again, and would recommend it to anyone!
Many people have commented about the location of Cornish, but don't let that stop you. Each time I have gone it has been late afternoon, early evening. But having lived in Las Vegas for many years I remember being in that area at all hours of the day and night (Anyone remember Mary K arcade) and never had any issues  This was my second time to Cornish Pasty Co. Both time I came with family and kids. The youngest being 15 months old. Each time we were able to find a table with ease and the staff was very attentive and helpful with suggestions and tips. We had some questions about some of the beers on the menu and the server was able to give a good description and offered to get us a sample. Because of her knowledge and those samples we ordered beers with our meal as well. I think the most frustrating thing about the menu is that everything sounds so good.One thing that we figured out on our own is to have backup plans for everything you plan on ordering in case they are out. My son wanted an order of mushy peas and they were out and then again when we went to order dessert they were out of the Banoffee Pie. Other than that everyone was extremely happy with their orders. The over chips were on point, not too crispy that they were dried out, but not too mushy either. The garlic mashed potatoes were another hit off of the sides menu. I was a little disappointed with the broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake. I read in one review that is was like a vegan mac and cheese. Well to me mac and cheese is creamy and gooey. The order we got was more like an au gratin and not very creamy. Was still very good just not what i was expecting. Last really good thing is that the food is well seasoned. I didn't once have to ask someone to pass the salt or pepper. Kudos to the staff.   A few other things to keep in mind there is no custom ordering of pasties. They are made in batches and cannot be customized.   All of the desserts are large enough to share between at least two people. The Banoffee pie and Chocolate Bread and Butter pudding are good examples of that.   My Favorite is the Stocky Toffee pudding, again you can share it but after 1 bite you won't want to. either way i don't see how you can go wrong here.
I'm going to give this place a 3 on my first try and I'm more than willing to try it again.   The restaurant is pub like setting.  Don't be afraid of the hood :)  What is behind my 3 stars is that everything I ate was salty.  When we had arrived, we got lucky because it was not at the time busy.  There seemed to be only one person on the floor taking care of the bar and the orders.  I had to chase him down for a refill on my tea.    I started off with Mushroom walnut spinach soup.  Its the consistency of chunky baby food.  I think what I should have done was see if I could of taste tested the soups they had available before choosing this.  I attempted to finish the soup but really couldn't because of the saltiness.  Even dipping the bread didn't help.    I love garlic fries, so I went for the garlic oven chips.  Its almost like steak fries.  It wasn't smothered in garlic as I would have wanted to my liking, but again the over seasoning of salt overwhelmed the "homemade" taste.    For my pasty I had the shepards pie.  I have a thing for shepards pie so that was why I chose that.  Now my description of a pasty is a combination of a Empenada/Porowski (If you know what those are), but on steroids.  You may think that the portions look small, but if you are not that hungry, I bet you will take your other half home.  I went for lamb in my pasty and as I took a bite, I thought that I should of went the latter.  The gravy has more of a wine taste than regular brown gravy.  So, I attempted to put Siracha on it, but they had the Lum Kee Siracha.  Must get the rooster one.    That was my experience, from my point of view.  I'm not willing to give up on this place.  I'll find a pasty that I like so I can enjoy along with other yelpers that liked Cornish Pasty Co.
OK. Fourth time eating here, ordering the same thing every time, and I have to admit - the Oggie is a little salty. Not sure if it's a combination of the filling and the crust or just the filling, but every time I've noticed it more. Telltale sign is I end up drinking at least 5 glasses of liquid (i.e. water or beer) with my pasty, which is even more than I drink at an Indian buffet.  Alas! There *is* a significant difference between the Cornish Pasty Co.'s Oggie and the traditional Upper Peninsula of Michigan pasties I grew up with. The cut of the potatoes is completely different. The Oggie's potatoes are cut au gratin style. Most if not all U.P. pasties' potatoes are diced. The palatable truth comes out only after the ketchup has been slathered on, and you realize that you use far less ketchup when eating the Oggie versus a traditional U.P. pasty.   Still good though. The crust is superbly executed and the meat quality is fantastic. If you can get over the au gratin cut potatoes and the salt quotient, this is still a great effort. And, you're 2000 miles away from the American mecca of pasties... what are you gonna do?
Yep. I'm in love with a pasty. My buddy April F. and I decided to check out all the hype. We went during our lunch break so it was not very crowded. As much as I am familiar with commercial center (no, I'm not a frequenter of the Green Door), the location was not readily visible. It's in the middle part of restaurants in the center of commercial center. The decor is very hip using old church pews for seating. The music must have been on a British Rock playlist which I appreciated.   ON TO THE FOOD!!! I ordered the Oggie and she got the Cottage Pie. Maybe it was because it was the middle of the day but I was informed that I could not order mushy peas (my favorite!!) and the pasties took about a half hour to come out. WORTH THE WAIT!! I slowly cut off a piece of my piping hot pasty, dipped it into my accompanying red gravy sauce and gently placed it into my awaiting mouth. SO DELICIOUS!!! I washed it down with my fresh lemonade (no alcohol since work was after lunch boo!). Perfection.   I really like that you can order half baked Oggies to bring home. The service was good despite the seemingly long wait for the food but I get it takes a bit to get those bad boys nice and crispy. We will definitely be back and definitely during a time when we can wash our pasties down with some of the beer on tap. Next time, I will also attempt to save room for dessert since it looked pretty amazing.   In summary, WORTH THE HYPE!
Totally chill atmosphere with a great selection of music and great food. We had the cheese steak and the royale and each pairs nicely with their red wine gravy. Staff is great as well. My only sad point and not enough to deduct a star was they only has red label Smithwicks. After walking past several times to go to Thai next door we will definitely be back! And OMG I don't even like apples but the apple pasty for dessert is f*ing amazing!
I LOVE this place! The staff is super friendly and attentive, and the food is so delicious and incredibly satisfying. Best part is that ALL the Pastys are under $10. How awesome right?! I've been back three times and everything has been consistently glorious. Thank you Cornish Pasty Co. for existing.  -Marissa
Once again, I violated the pact held in high regard by my co workers, the Ethnic Cleansing Day, a day where we all get together to try a new eatery that no one has tried and preferably culturally diverse.  I just couldn't resist after trying to hit up Komol.  I had no idea they were right next door to each other.   I heard rave reviews from the pasty kings, no not that kind of pasty (ie. Havasu/Sorting Break/need I say more). I do not frequent places East of LVB north of Flamingo, Don't ask me why.  You will find the CPC nestled in the once prestigious Commercial Center just East of LVB on Sahara.  There isn't very much out there, so hard to miss.  Just don't go wondering into the notorious "Vista" area.  The ambiance exhibits a low light atmosphere expected of most British Style Pubs.  The dining area consists of a huge island bar that accompany seats all around.  The majority of the other seating was made up of large tables and benches, some of which were sketchy at best (weight tolerance wise).  Otherwise, even as dark as it was, the lighting was more than adequate and provided a shadow barrier between sections to separate parties.  I started the day with a 20 oz. Boddington draft, while the wifey tried the iced tea, which she loved.  I was excited for the upcoming Pacquiao vs. Bradley rematch and needed to make sure I put some hefty cushion in the tummy for the alcohol waterboarding that was fiXing to take place.  Therefore, I opted for the Pilgrim while the wifey ordered the Shepard's Pie pasty along with a side of chips and mushroom/walnut/spinach soup.  The soup came out first and was hot from the assembly line, the chips (fries) came soon after.  The soup was rich and flavorful with different contrasts, but boy was it salty.  The same went for the chips, for some reason they seemed like they were rubbed and marinated with sea salt because it seemed imbedded in each bite.  We had to douse them in ketchup as an equalizer, believe it or not.  The fake siracha didn't help either, unlike with piroskis and enpanadas...call me crazy.  Without the Bodd, I would have shriveled like a slug since I would have been cured by all that salt.  Beware!  The pasties on the other hand were a hit.  They come sliced in halves on what looks to be served on some sort of ball peen hammered pewter dish, although, it felt skimpier than metal, either way it was a nice touch aesthetically.  The Pilgrim reminded me of the Bobby from Capastrami and is complemented with cranberry sauce and wine gravy.  The Shepard's Pie contained the normal mash but filled with ground lamb instead of beef, wHich was delicious but could have used more peas.  Overall, I would have to rate our experience on a high three, but not quite a solid four, due to the salty chips.  During my second visit I got the Bangers and Mash and traded half with someone for a Carne Adovado.  Yet, it was not enough to change my rating, so CPC lucked out with a rounded up score of four stars (in actuality a 3.75).
This is my first time coming here. I'm not sure if I got something that you should get. BUT the bread or crust was really excellent. The service was good as well. All in all it's different than the average place to eat .
Great find in a hard to find spot. Both classic pasties and interesting new ones sometimes straying across cultures to the world of empanadas and samosas with a twist. Interesting beer on tap and a larger selection in both bottle and can. Had the shepherds pie version well spiced with a red wine gravy. They weigh in close to a pound apiece so go hungry or share.   Location hint it is in the building in the middle of the parking lot not around the edges.
Banoffee?  Yes please!   Thanks Roger and Riah for topping off the night with an amazing dessert! I had it bookmarked to try it, they suggested it...  so let's go!   I was excited to try their famous pasties - entree and dessert.  They had warned me how huge these are so with a party of four, we split just 1!  We chose the pesto pasty that was filled with chicken, broccoli, mushrooms and of course pesto.  The crust that envelops the ingredients was different and delightful! It's a not a pizza crust type but had a lighter flaky texture.  Delicious!  On the side we split one of their huge side dishes of garlic mashed potatoes with cheese.  I love garlic and this did not disappoint.  So to the banoffee.  As it was explained to me ~ if you like banana cream pie, you'll love this! Graham cracker crust, house made caramel filling, whipped cream topped with sliced bananas.  Yum!  I fell in love immediately.  So delicious and huge dessert!  There is definitely enough to share especially if you are eating a full meal here.  We didn't just have one dessert to share, we also tried their caramel apple pasty that is served with vanilla ice cream on the side.  As if I didn't have enough to eat already, this again was large enough to share amongst us.  This was also pretty good but I'd stick with the banoffee.   It was a different setting inside with church pews for seating at the tables. The people on some of their pictures followed you wherever you were.  We've all seen these.  The waitress was ok but nothing over the top.    I will say I'm excited to bring more people here to try these tasty pasties!
Came back to this gem.... And I have to say.... Pav game is on point.... Just saying. Well done fellas.
This place is simply fantastic!  Cool atmosphere (Think British Pub with church pews for benches), great, friendly staff and the FREAKING BEST PUB FOOD EVER.  Whatever your taste, they have a pasty or dish to satiate your hunger.  I just really can't say enough good things!  If you come to Vegas, sure hit the Tao, the Bellagio & whatever.  You'll have failed if you don't go here.  It's really that good.
The pasties are yummy and the variety is almost overwhelming. I ordered the chicken tikka and boy oh boy was it such an incredibly tasty pasty! The service was not overly quick but well paced because they bake the pasty fresh.  I am interested in the dessert options
When i first saw the name of this place, i thought "pasty" was pronounced with a long "a" sound. I was wrong! No nipple pasties here (at least none seen). I'm not a beer drinker, so i can't comment on that, but i am totally obsessed with the cottage pie (with beef)! It's the only pasty i order. I know i should try the other delicious-sounding things on the menu, but THIS is the BEST! You must order it! Then order the dessert with strawberries and kiwis, piled high with some type of meringue or whipped cream. I forgot the name. As soon as i sunk my teeth into it, my memory went away! You gotta check out this place!
Located in Commercial Center, their appearance seems to want to scare people away. But go there and eat and drink. I tried the regular Cornish pasty, and the sausage and mash pasty. Both are excellent, pastry is light and delicious. One is enough for a meal. Firestone IPA on draft, what more could anyone want.
My big group of friends and I stumbled upon this place randomly when we tried to go eat at Lotus of Sian (which was on the eaters 38 list)... This place, though, was not! Random location with blacked out doors. We were scared to walk in but one of our friends had been to another CPC before so we went inside. I've never had pasties, my boyfriend is from Detroit and has been exposed to them. They were amazing! they quickly got a table together to accommodate 12 people. Note, they don't usually have all this space available. The waitress so so sweet and recommended great dishes. She didn't seem annoyed at all that she had to wait on a table filled with drunk adults. The spicy chicken and bangers and mash were to die for. Everyone enjoyed all the food and all the beer selections that they had. Will recommend this place again and again for Vegas!
Finally got a chance to visit the Pasty.  First, it is in a hard to find location if you aren't familiar with the hidden restaurants inside commercial center off of Sahara. Situated right next to Komol, the restaurant does indeed have the feel of a pub with the center of attention the beautiful bar.  I came here for lunch and there were about 3 tables full and 3 people at the bar and one waitperson to handle all of us.  As a result, it appeared she was the proverbial chicken with her head cut off, often scurrying past me several times before taking my order, bringing my check, etc.  I have to hand it to her though, she managed to keep my tea filled and was friendly! She had excellent knowledge of the menu and the popular items.  Word of caution: if you only have an hour lunch and it takes 15 minutes each way, don't come here unless you order ahead, this place is not quick, and that is probably because the pastry shell needs time to cook.  I watched them prep my meat and cheese pasty and it takes time.  The pasty is filled with large chunks of what reminded me of square meatballs and a cheddary cheese.  I have to say, I was expecting to be disappointed and not have much filling inside like so many calzones and empanadas I have tried.  Luckily, I was pleasantly surprised as my pasty came filled to the brim and I killed 3 days of dieting in one meal.  The red wine gravy was excellent!  All in all, the unique offerings here coupled with the extensive pub brew list (including strongbow cider) puts this restaurant on my regular rotation.  Sure there are some bugs to work out with the service (A customer at the bar said yesterday they had 6 waitpeople) and if you don't want pasty, your choices are limited to salads and appetizers, but Cornish Pasty Co. is a welcome addition to the area.
4 1/2 stars. Located in the strip center of the Siam Thai restaurant and next to Komul Thai restaurant. I came in for lunch during the week and the place was fairly quiet.  I heart the decor and layout of the place which is on the smaller side. This was my first experience eating a pasty which is was staple of miners in Britain and is a pastry folded over with a filling of meat, vegetables, etc.  - The selection here is very diverse and the pasties are made fresh daily.     I started off with the Cream of Leek, Potato & Stilton cup of soup served with fresh soft bread. Oh it was delish and I finished every drop. My pasty choice was the Lamb and Mint - Lamb, potatoes, rutabaga, onion, and fresh mint. Instead of the side of red wine gravy I requested the chicken gravy to meet my allergy diet requirement. It took probably 15 minutes for my pasty to arrive and it was cooked perfectly crusty crisp on the outside and the inside filling hot and flavorful. I asked for extra sauce which my friendly waitress promptly fulfilled my request.   I'm definitely going to returning here again!
We went to the Phoenix Goldwater location just last week and couldn't get enough! It was fantastic. The Vegas location, however, is a big letdown. It's in a not-so-great part of town with a nondescript storefront bar. There is no dining room and the atmosphere is COMPLETELY different. If you like dark, rock music-filled dive bars, this is your place. The one server was the best! As for the food, only about half the selection as Phoenix (NO SCOTCH EGGS)! The oven chips were good, but loaded with so many jalapeos, I couldn't finish (and I'm usually good with heat). The pasties were much thinner than in Phoenix. Mine fell apart in my hand and that's not supposed to happen. The filling was great, though. I just think I'll wait to go back to Phoenix.
This place was awesome. My husband and I stopped by for dinner tonight. We both had the Oggie and were impressed. The seating situation was a little awkward, with just the two of on a long church pew. My husband didn't want to sit on the bicycle style metal chairs. But seating aside, the overall experience was great. The service was good, although I felt our server paid waaaaaay more attention to other customers who were ordering and sampling different beers. Our server was nice, though. And most importantly, the food was fantastic.
This place is friggin' awesome. Been several times and always had a great experience. Menu is huge but not overwhelming. Food is reliably good. Great beer selection, prompt service and a really awesome interior. Don't let the location turn you away.
Haven't had a Pasty since my last visit to Lead/Deadwood,. South Dakota. (where they used to sell them to the miners of the Homestake Gold Mine).  Chose the OGGIE....the original...it was perfect, hearty, and delicious. I will definately be back!.
Quality food but not my kind of thing.  Music was too loud with few customers there during lunch time.
This place is a hidden Gem.  So fresh.  I order to go. but next time i will eat in. The out side is very intimidating but give it a minute inside.   The food speak by it self.  Full of flavors and a lot of options.  Even the Vegi menu have a lot.  The service was great, Kendall, great server, attentive, great customer service and friendly.  KUDOS to the chef who make this Master piece of Pastries.
I have tried a few of the meat pasties, they were very good. I have a to try a few more of the other ones. I think I will be focusing on the dessert pasties for a while.
Stopped in for a quick dinner with a friend, ordered a salmon pasty.  I would highly recommend.  The Shirley temple dessert was also super fabulous. Two winners. I will be going back soon.
This was my second visit- this with my guy.  (First with my bf and her Brit Husband.  I had to get his approval, since I know little of pasties) ..more side notes-  I am born and raised in Michigan, the miners migrated there (upper) and took their Pasty tradition with-- but in my Ann Arbor area they were known as 'pocket pies'. OK on to the restaurant.  Wonderful, warm, stick to the belly food.  Brit said 5 stars by the way.  I have had soup, cant remember the name, delicious- salad- Greek, delicious.  Second visit- last Friday-I had the Vegan special- packed full of marvelous veggies and a salad- my man had the lamb and didn't say a word cause he was too busy eating!!  Yes - he wants to go back.  Also he is a dark beer lover and many places do nothing but offer the Mexican dark and Newcastle- but here he had not only darks, but some tap gems he also liked. I'm giving this 4 stars because the seats are tractor seats with that BIG hump in front (don't know how the guys like it) for me it was a bit 'in the way'.  If I wanted to scoot close to my guy or up to the bar a bit--hump the bump--no way.  haha Now for the only REAL downside, the elephant in the room-- location.  Seedy, scary, haha, but really the worse part is the famous 'sewer' smell of certain locations in Vegas.  Why the town can't figure out how to 'fix' this I have no idea.  But the location is in that old 'square shaped' shopping center between Sahara and Karen (Paradise and Maryland Pky) you'll find:  Lotus of Siam (good Thai) and Komul Thai (have not tried yet) along with some real creepy looking places.  Don't let that scare you away. Atomsphere:nice, cozy.  Service: very attentive, we sat at the bar. Food: fantastic.  Prices: $38 for 2 inc. 1 beer.  Nice local place that won't disappoint. Food was so good, I forgot to take pics.
An unusual find in Vegas.  I grew up on the UP of Michigan so am familiar with pasties. I never really cared for the traditional ground beef/pork,potato, rutabaga, and onion versions.  This place has them but also a huge selection of other options filled with stuff I like to eat.  I had the veggie Mexican and enjoyed it. They had some desserts that looked awesome but I had to pass.  Here is a tip- let it cool a bit before eating.  Anyone from the UP will understand when I say this place would have a lot of old Finns rolling in their graves but let em roll. I'd come back anytime.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while. It's in the same shopping complex as Lotus of Siam so I could never hit it up as long as Lotus was open. Last Sunday night, it was on. The place was small and seemed more bar than restaurant. The vibe was trendy, "hipsterry" and industrial which translates to the chairs being a bit uncomfortable.   We were in the mood for some serious meat pie and my husband ordered the Meat and Cheese pasty which has pork, sausage, cheddar and swiss cheeses. I went with the Cheese Steak pasty. We ordered a side of mushy peas but they were out. Out of mushy peas?! Sacrilege! They must bake the items to order because the wait for our food felt pretty long. Definitely longer than 20 minutes. When the food finally arrived, I was surprised by how large the portions were. The steak in my pasty was flavorful and the pie was piping hot. The crust was dense enough to hold all the filling yet flaky on the outside.  We decided to end our meal with tea and dessert. We ordered the Sticky Toffee Pudding and the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding. The toffee pudding was the undisputed winner of the two and we should've gotten two of that instead. At the end, the meal was pretty cheap and the pies were delicious but were definitely too heavy for me to crave as a regular meal. Not a lot of places in Vegas that serve legit pie and the Cornish Pasty Co. satisfies.
Great place! Some of the best off the strip food I've ever had in Vegas. I had the shepherds pie pasty and garlic chips. The garlic chips are the best I've ever had. Try this place now.
Great food! First time trying pasty, it was excellent. A perfectly baked pastry dough with a golden brown exterior, stuffed with so much goodness.  I ordered the lamb mint pasty, nicely spiced and served with a flavorful red wine sauce.  This place is a must try when in Vegas. Cheers!
I almost dont want to review this place, because I like it being my little secret. The food and drinks are great, very cozy atmosphere mixed with comfort food. The people are fun. The food is authentic and the menu is a pretty decent size. My two favorites are the chicken pot pie and Philly steak.
Come hungry because portions are huge but order a beer and relax while they prepare your food. It's not fast good, it's oven baked awesomeness. I had the Cajun Chicken, wife had the Italian. We were both very happy with our choices. I'll be coming back on my next Vegas trip.
One of the girls at work had her Tech go out for lunch for us.  I've never had pastry like this other than at faires back east.  She got the Mexican and also the Greek pastries and we shared both.  I really liked the Mexican a lot, it was delicious and had a good kick to it.  The Greek was also good, but I liked the Mexican a lot more.  Since this was a take out that was brought to us, I look forward to visiting the location in the near future.  I'm not too happy of where it's located, not the best part of town, but it will be worth going there.
Having been to this area before for a different restaurant, I was surprised to see that Cornish Pasty Co. was in a place I was familiar with. With an unsuspecting exterior, this place had a modern homey feel to it when I walked in. The only thing I have to complain about is the schoolroom carpet: one color, thin and boring. The old church pews that served as booths were a plus -- I definitely thought they were charming. Lastly, make sure your butt pockets don't have buttons. The bar stools will eat them.  I have never been to a pub. I didn't know what to expect when it came to the food, let alone was pasties were like. The wait for your food is worth it. I ordered the Bangers and Mash (pork sausage with sage, cut into cubes topped with rich mashed potatoes); my mom had their garden salad. I'm assuming her dressing was excellent because no sooner so I see her dip a cucumber into it, she's pouring the whole thing all gun ho'.  Cornish Pasty Co. offers a wide variety of options; even a whole section dedicated to those that are partial to vegetarianism. I didn't see their dessert options, but am aware that they offer them, as a couple behind me were enjoying something sweet. Also, their alcohol selection was highly varied from your typical bar fare to more ethnic choices.  I will be sure to stop by this location when the sun sets for dinner because as it stands, it's too hot to enjoy a lunch there.
Love this place!!! Love the food love the vibe. Salmon Salad amazing!! Can't wait to go again!!
Sometimes, you see people's food pictures on instagram and think, "Wow that looks amazing," but when you finally try it, it doesn't live up to your expectations.This is is exactly what didn't happen at Cornish Pasty Co!  Atmosphere: The place has has a dark lighting, but so dark that you can't read your menu. It's always a little awkward when you can't read the menu. I liked that it wasn't bright. You can either choose to sit at the bar, tables for two, or a table for about 6 people. Although, I only went with one other person, we opted for the bigger table because we knew we would get a couple of things and needed room.  Food:  Cottage pie: Ahhh, such a nice flaky crust. The crust ha a good thickness to it. The inside was mashed potatoes, ground beef, cheese. I was surprised that there was so much cheese, but I loved it! This pasty tasted pretty good alone, but with the gravy, it was absolutely amazing! Just drench the whole thing in it, its delicious! We split this and it still felt like a lot of food.   Oven chips: If there's a fry option, I have no choice but to choose it. The fries just call my name.."Mica, choose me, eat me!" Who am I to argue? We opted for the choice of garlic and jalapeos on our fries. Usually I'm used to the jalapeos being tossed into food as slices, but they diced it up and mixed it in with the garlic. These were pretty spicy. My friend, Kat O. has a high spicy tolerance and even she thought it was spicy, that's saying a lot. I kind of wish we got cheese on it.   Banoffee: I was a little disappointed with this. The caramel and whip cream was too much. It was basically a whip cream cake. I did, however, enjoy the graham cracker crust. I think it was just to sweet for my taste. I was pretty set on this so I kind of forced it on us to try it, despite being full. I think I may have been better off with just the pasty and fries.
A fantastic addition to Commercial Center!  Cool reclaimed church pews, great selection of draught beers and delicious food!  We shared the traditional Oggie, filled with tender steak and potatoes with a side of wine gravy.  My GF had the half salmon salad - the salmon was fantastic!  I had the sausage salad - it is huge!  Tons of sage sausage with crispy romaine, roasted red peppers, feta, served with a yummy mustard cream dressing. I read that their sticky toffee pudding rivaled Gorden Ramsay's.  I can compare them but I and tell you that Cornish Pasty's is delicious.  Served in a lava hot pot ( I know I touched it - I never listen), it is bubbling with a delicious caramel sauce.  The cold vanilla ice cream is a perfect partner.  I can't wait to try the other pasties!
Five stars all the way! I finally got around to trying this place and, damn, I'm sorry I waited so long. It's really fantastic food! Yeah, it's in a sketchy, post-apocalyptic-looking shopping center and all, but the food is absolutely phenomenal! I almost regret even posting this review because I kind of want to keep this place as much of a secret as possible. I could go on and on, but I'll spare you. In a nutshell: They offer a wide variety of pasties. So many, in fact, I can't see ever choosing one without being a little bummed you didn't go another way. They are hot, filling, freshly-made comfort food at it's best. That's really the best I can do here. I lack the vocabulary to do them the justice they deserve. You just need to try one for yourself. You will not be disappointed. If you are, you are probably a real jerk. The dining room is small and cozy and (yikes!) dark. All of which, I dig. The seating sucks, though. It's either big, communal tables or some of the most form-fitting chairs I've ever let get to 3rd base. They had a delicious dark beer (can't remember the name), but I couldn't handle sitting on those seats long enough to drink more than 2. (Yep. The seats suck that bad and I'm still giving them a 5 for their food) Beyond that, the staff is friendly and attentive and the like and the prices are very reasonable. You can actually do it "take and bake", for a discounted price, if you prefer. We did a caramel apple pasty that way and it was awesome. So, yeah, this place is a fantastic find and, no matter how badly I may want to keep it a secret, I can not recommend it highly enough. I think this calls for a "BOOYAH"!
What I experienced here is definitely not for the health conscious, but I did see salads on the menu. I opted for the Royale Pasty, which is basically a hamburger in pasty form. The food took a while to make it's way to the table, which is understandable because it is baked. My Royale was nine bucks and is served ala carte. No salad or fries on the side here, however, the Royale is made with fries on the inside. With a drink, lunch was north of twelve bucks, excluding tip. The service was good and the drinks were never empty. The atmosphere was nice with some classic rock 'n roll playing throughout. Looks like they've got a nice selection of beers on tap too! I'd put it at three and a half stars, but have to round to the nearest whole number. Good enough to round up for an even four star rating.
I really enjoyed this place. The staff is not only friendly, but just plain cool. The vibe is like a really great bar-- but without the nasty , disgusting, cigarette smoke. Then there's the food-- delicious! And so much to choose from including plenty of veggie and vegan options, a fantastic dessert menu, and a huge variety of beers. I'll be back. A lot.
Lotus of Siam had too long of a wait so I wandered over here.  Great little hole in the wall dinner spot.  Meat pastries dominate the menu and they are actually quite filling at an average of $9 each.  Definitely a different food experience than anything else I've had in Vegas.  Decent beer selection as well.  I got The Pilgrim, which was like Thanksgiving in a pastry, delish.  Came with a side of their red wine gravy and cranberry sauce.    Only complaint was I ordered thier baked potato fries as an appetizer but they didn't even come out by the time I finished my Pilgrim.  Not sure if they had started a new batch for my order or what.  The waitress took it off my bill without a second thought though.  She was working by herself but still managed to deliver decent service.  Place is way off the strip (a plus in my book if you are driving) in a somewhat deserted shopping mall.  Worth a try if you are looking for a no hassle made-from-scratch dinner that's easy on the wallet.
Cornish Pasty Co. is a little hard to spot when you get to the plaza.  I was thinking it was near Lotus of Siam so when I walked by LoS and didn't see it.   I was a little confused to where it was.  That was until I looked around and noticed it was across the huge parking lot from me.  Ugh!!   Everything was good when I got inside though.  Anyways, on to the Pasties.  When I saw pics of them on yelp, I had a general idea how big they were.  Unfortunately, I made the mistake of ordering two pasties and getting super stuffed.  I didn't anticipate how dense one of the pasties would be.  I went ahead and ordered the Royale with Cheese since it seemed pretty popular and to balance it out with a veggie option, I went with the Balsamic Portabello.  Royale with Cheese --  http://bit.ly/1ngvJrW Hamburger, (medium or well) French fries, grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon, cheddar Swiss blend, Side of ranch, 1000 island, ketchup, or BBQ sauce. The Royale with Cheese was good, but I'm not sure if it's something I'd order again.  It was way too dry for me.  The fries and puff pastry combined made this pasty a little hard to swallow even after spreading the special sauce around it.  The beef hamburger inside was pretty good though.  Balsamic Portabello --  http://bit.ly/1ngvu07 Balsamic marinated portobello mushrooms, fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers and fresh basil. With a side of marinara. I'd say that my favorite between the two Pasties I ordered was definitely the Balsamic Portabello.  It was pretty much like eating a calzone.  You just gotta love gooey mozzarella and mushrooms.  The pastry on this one wasn't as dense as the Pastry on the Royale with Cheese.  Overall, I was pretty impressed with their Pasties and liked how many different types of Pasties they made over there.  If I lived in Vegas, I'd probably visit them quite often to try all of them.
First of all, this place is in the Commercial Center Shopping Complex off Sahara, which in itself is a sketchy area (located near some fetish clubs, a swingers club and a men's bath house)...Went in here on a whim during lunch break. When I first walked in, there was only one other customer, some guy sitting at the bar, nursing a beer. Bartender (think his name was Liam???) immediately greeted me, asked me what he could get me to drink and presented me a menu. Liam (if that's his name) was super friendly, and took his time explaining all about the different kinds of Pastys' since I had never had one...his customer service couldn't have been any more wonderful. As time went by, the place started filling up pretty quickly and Liam (??) was on a roll, giving awesome customer service to all who came through the door as he was acting as bartender, server and cashier! When my pasty arrived, I was pleasantly surprised...toasty golden brown on the outside....I cut into it and it looked pretty great....I got the cottage pie pasty: beef, mashed potatoes, veggies, etc. It comes with some type of gravy to pour over it/dip into it...gravy was amazing. However, I was disappointed as I felt the beef was under seasoned. I also expected the pasty to be a little more light and flaky, like the top of a pot pie...but if that is how they originally are made then so be it.  Customer service: 5 stars Food: 3 stars (would have been 4 if the beef had been more seasoned)  Definitely will be back though to try some of the other pastys'!!!
I am British (and have eaten many Cornish pasties) and have to say this place is excellent! Even though they were out of mushy peas and HP, the quality of the pasties were outstanding. I will be back to satisfy my craving for home cooked food! British cooking at it's best. Try it!
Always.. So..Delicious.   This place does it right. In an assuming building in the commercial center off of Sahara Ave., This place is a welcome addition to the local food scene.  Seriously fantastic. I'm a big fan of fresh baked goods, savory or sweet. Cornish Pasty has it down.  I've had 5 or 6 different Pasty's.. and both the mushroom walnut spinach soup, and potato leek are two rich and delicious reasons that I frequent spot place!  Service is friendly, and the price for a meal is just right. Give it a bite! You'll be glad you did! Happy Eating!
Love this place!  Food is fantastic, service is very friendly, and it's reasonably priced. The red wine gravy is to die for!
It doesn't get better than this.  They make the pasties from scratch here and it shows.  These are light years ahead of pasties I've had in Butte, MT (a mining town).  They are billions and billions of light years ahead of the nasty, ass-flavored pasties I've consumed at various "British pubs" throughout the Midwest.  These pasties are almost certainly better than anything you can get in the UP of Michigan, though I've thankfully never been to Yooperland.  Great beer selection and superior service.  I know, I know, it's in the sketchy Commercial Center.  If you're ascared, just go there during the day...it will be OK!!!  I can't envision coming to Vegas again w/o making a trip here.  It's just that good.
If you've ever thought to yourself, "yeah, light lunch...that's stupid, I'm starving." then Cornish Pasty will be your friend.  It's a cozy, low-key joint with the most comfortable church pews I've ever sat in, a great beer selection, and an extensive menu of Pasty's that all look absolutely amazing. I've tried about 7 different kinds, and my favorite is the pretty traditional Sheperd's Pie, which is ridiculously good.  The crust is light and buttery and delicious, and the fillings are always amazing. They also have a ton of vegetarian options, which I have not tried, but one of my Veggie Co-workers waxed Rhapsodic over. Apparently it's hard to do vegetarian Chicken pot pie?   Deserts are crazy good, as long as you don't mind a sugar/cream coma. I'm personally a huge fan of the Puddings, both Sticky Toffee and Chocolate bread. ooohh, so good.  Pros: - Really good prices for the food you get, friendly staff, and unless they are totally packed, a very quick lunch spot. - Puddingsssssss. - If you like playing menu pokemon, it will take you at least a solid month of coming every day to catch em all, and so far, 7 in, they are all delicious. - Easy parking - I think staff picks the music, and it's usually pretty awesome.  Cons; - I don't even want to know the calorie count.  - Nearly impossible to Not Get Desert.
Went today for lunch.  Saw a article in the Las Vegas paper.  I had the Oggie (traditional for me of course) and my wife had the Bangers and Mash.  Both were excellent.  I am a genuine Yooper having eaten my first pasty over 60 years ago.  The Oggie was better than many of the ones found at roadside Finnish Pasty shops in Da UP (Upper Peninsula of Michigan) and on par with some of the homemade ones I've had.  Next time I might try something different because they have a huge variety.
Amazingly delicious meat filled pockets of heaven.  Don't let the location scare you from visiting here, it's more than worth it.   Ordered the royal which is basically a bacon cheeseburger in a pasty.  So perfectly balanced and fantastic.  Husband got the eggplant parmesan, equally delicious.   Mushy peas were perfect.   They also have a ton of beers and some hard cider choices.   Highly recommend.
Really tasty place! They have a large selection of beers, both bottle and draft.  Also, their food is pretty awesome.  We had the bangers and mash, meat and cheese and rosemary steak.  The wine gravy was divine and the sage sausage was perfect.  The music and ambiance was hipster and super cute. The only ish was that the tables were not super clean.  The seats had some crumbs and goo so we opted for the bar.
Came here for lunch with my friend (a local) during a recent business trip to Vegas.  I specifically mention that we came for lunch because when I first mentioned it to my friend, he described the area as "a bit sketchy" and was concerned about going there a night.  So, lunch it was!  And an excellent lunch it was too!  Arriving sometime after 1pm, we enjoyed ample parking (in a giant, somewhat sketchy strip mall), and just a handful of customers in the restaurant.  We grabbed two seats at the bar and were greeted promptly.  Side note: I read complaints in other reviews about the bar seats.  They are not bar stools, at least not like any stools I have sat on before.  They are formed, metal seats that I felt offered a much better sense of stability.  Were they comfortable?  Well, they didn't bother me at all.  OK, back to the meal.  I ordered the Oggie, their "Traditional" pasty, which was filled with steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga, and served with a side of red wine gravy.  My friend ordered the Shepherd's Pie, which as it so happened, the cook was assembling fresh right before our eyes.  This food is hearty, savory and delicious!  The staff are friendly and inviting.  All said and done, even with it's off the beaten path location, my friend (the local) thanked me for discovering CPC and told me that he will be a frequent visitor.  Give it a shot!  You will not be disappointed.
location of the shopping center is a little off putting but it is worth the trip! The restaurant is clean, neat & the restrooms are large & clean. The staff is very helpful & friendly.  NOW TO THE REALLY  IMPORTANT PART.  The pasties are made fresh daily, you can even watch them roll the dough , make the various stuffing mixes and bake them. The taste is authentic- we had pasties in England and Ireland. One pasty is a meal, you are stuffed. There area a variety to chose from but our favorite was the Oggie, the original pasty. The fries are long, thick,  crisp, gently spiced & the portions large.   You will thank yourself for eating there.  We ate there twice while in Las Vegas  during the July 4 holiday & highly recommend them.
The Skinny: sporting a short crust pastry shell, the unique and innovative flavors will have you coming back again (3.75) service: not bad for a British pub (4) value: for about $10ish you get a pretty good tuck in (4).  This joint kind of feels like a hole in the wall pub from the outside so I was relieved that it had a little bit of a modern decor inside. With the black walls sporting old photographs of Cornish miners (I am assuming), the small intimate space has a cozy vibe to it. The music, thankfully, isn't too intrusive and you can carry a nice conversation which is a change from most bars/pubs. They have 3 types of seating - a few communal tables, small tables and bar stools. Thankfully free of smoke, it is actually a pleasant environment to have a meal.  We were starving after catching a movie before dinner so we ordered three different flavours of pasty - the chicken tikka masala, the eggplant parm, and the chicken pot pie. To be frank, I think our eyes were bigger than our stomachs because we barely made a dent in the third pasty. It is nice that the pasty is served cut in half which made it nice for sharing.   Our pies came in a rather timely manner - within 15 minutes of ordering which was a godsend.   First let's talk about the crust. The pies have a short crust pastry which leads to a crisp, slightly crumbly texture. It is not a puff pastry or your standard flaky pie crust. It held up quite well considering the moisture from the filling. It had a beautiful golden color and had the perfect thickness to match.  That being said, to not overwhelm the crust, the filling tends to be a bit on the drier side. So you must consume the pastry with the accompanying dipping sauce. It not only provides contrasting flavours, it enhances the overall "mouth-feel".  Chicken tikka masala - a little on the spicier side, I found this pasty to really require the cool yogurt mint sauce that it comes with. The flavors are pretty good - I think the marinade could use a tinge more acidity, a little bit smokier (from fire roasted tomatoes, of course!) and perhaps dial back on the spice level. Overall, pretty satisfying. This was my hubby's favourite.  Eggplant parm - I like the fact that this pasty is brimming with vegetables but the crust totally holds (ie, it isn't soggy at all!). The combination of the marinara, mozarella and variety of vegetables makes this a very satisfying meal. This was my favourite.  Chicken pot pie - a little bit unbalanced in the flavour (it had a bit too strong celery taste in the pot pie and could have used a bit more carrot - bonus would be to add some umami to this dish), this was probably our least favourite of the three. The chicken/thyme gravy was a little bit too thick and was overly salty.  Service was quick and efficient. Our server was pretty nice, refilled our water glasses promptly even though she was the only one serving and she even offered to refill some of the dipping sauces for us even though we didn't need it.  Overall, I was very satisfied by my visit here considering the level of cuisine, the service and the value (pasties set you back around $9+ pretip/tax). I would recommend this place for vegetarians - they really have an extensive menu for those looking to avoid meat. I look forward to returning and trying other items on their menu. 4-starred review.
I lived in a mining community in Northern Ontario Canada, and families traditionally made pastys for the mining men. They would take these meals underground in a metal lunch bucket and place them on the machinery to warm them up.  I still have a metal lunch bucket, but have missed making the pastys. Well, the Cornish Pasty Co have captured the spices excellently in the Oggie. Adding many IPAs to the choice of beverages makes this a great social place in the Commercial Center!
Soooo...I convinced my Grandpa to come here with me which was no easy feat.  He is 94, very stubborn, and only eats Italian and American food. He is a regular at Samstown Buffett and Olive Garden (which he thought was a little local joint with authentic Italian....boy was he surprised when I explained to him they were nationwide and almost as common as McDonalds.).  Anyway, as soon as he saw the menu, he said, "I don't think we can eat here.  There's nothing here we like.", meaning him of course, because I eat everything.   The menu has a few soups, sides and salads, but everything else is basically a meal served in a hot pocket style bread wrapping. Almost like a pastry, but don't get it confused, because this is pasty with no R.  And they are real quick to correct you on that every time you mispronounce it too.   So, I ordered a cup of the Cream of Leek, Potato and Stilton soup at the urging of the waitress. You ask what is Stilton?  Well, so did I. The waitress said it was like a blue cheese...as she is explaining this, I was shaking my head and turning up my nose.  Then she said, yeah I don't like blue cheese either, but this is good. So I ordered it.  Mistake!  If you don't like blue cheese...don't get Stilton anything!  It actually had a pretty good flavor, but then the aftertaste of the blue cheese creeped into my mouth.  Yuk!   Luckily she took it off the order.  LOL!  Ok, so I don't eat EVERYTHING. ;)  Next I ordered the potato chips, which were very well done. I also asked for plain, but could tell they had garlic on them. They were strangely hard on the outside, but still soft in the middle. I actually liked this texture  as weird as that is. The garlic was good, but I wanted to share with my Grandpa and he doesn't like garlic.  Didn't really matter, because he took one bite and was over the texture instantly.   Lastly the pasty I ordered was the bangers and mash.  It was pretty good. I loved the pastry outside of the bread. The mashed potatoes were creamy and the sausage had a good flavor. The waitress said the sausage was made in-house too.   My picky Grandpa ordered the chicken pot pie, which he really liked. HaHa, I told him he needs to venture out and try new things.  He kinda agreed, but I'm not stupid....I won't be taking him next door to Lotus of Siam anytime soon.   I'll be back, because I really want to come and try some of the different options. Who's in?  :D
As a British person living in LV for almost 10 yrs now, I often get asked, "do you miss home" my response has typically been "I miss the food" This is where Cornish Pasty Co comes in. I've travelled the world several times and this place does a pasty right. Like many of the reviews say, don't be put off by the location. I'd drive to a war zone for the food here. Our server was friendly and helpful, the craft beer selection is awesome and my wife discovered a new favourite cider with the Aspall, I highly recommend the Oven Chips with garlic, I had the Lamb and Mint pasty which was perfect and then the Sticky Toffee Pudding which was out of this world. It's hard to pick a meal highlight because everything was great. Thank you Cornish Pasty Co. For bringing a taste of home for me to LV. I'll be back. Regularly!!
The Apiary is tremendously charming, and delivers dishes of real quality. I sampled a delicious soup and hearty venison stew. Their wine list is really smart, too, with everything available by the glass. All fans of Three Birds, which is owned and run by the same people, will love this place. I look forward to our little Yelp outing there, in February :-)  Overall, we said: "The Apiary was hugely impressive. The assurance with which Three Birds has established itself has transferred across directly, allowing this place to hit the ground running. It feels like an integral part of the fabric of our richly-woven Edinburgh restaurant tapestry, already. I'd strongly recommend a visit."
From the moment I walked through the entrance, I was... Entranced. Punny but true. Larger than I expected, and darker, more romantic, was this beehive around which there had been such buzz. There was beautiful, unusual art on the far wall, and fairy lights twisted around the mantel above the warm electric fire. Behind me, a vast blackboard proclaimed the day's specials in proud lettering, and the staff bid me a friendly hello as I pranced past, a spring already in my step.  So the setting was a joy. The company, as with all Yelpy get togethers, equally so. All that remained was to sample the food.  Well, you can see from the rating just how that turned out. For a starter I tried the day's vegetarian special, the roasted mushrooms with garlic and melted taleggio. I tell you, I would happily come back for that dish alone, but the free range chicken supreme with cream cheese, ham hock, bacon, and mustard and veal jus on smoky potatoes maintained the flavour explosion. The final master stroke - a clementine and butterscotch mess presented like a knickerbocker glory topped with a glac cherry - was fiendishly good.  When you add to all of this how close it is to the Queen's Hall, my favourite venue in Edinburgh, and the fact that they have a two-course deal if you're early enough to vacate by seven, and you have one place I am very, very likely to return to many times...
Fab gluten free options and great non-standard vegetarian options. Being GF can be a challenge and having to do the whole asking thing and then it being clear that staff don't have a clue what you are talking about then makes the whole thing a bit awkward and full of trepidation in case they got it wrong and you suffer the consequences later.  Not here. Most of the menu is naturally gluten free - no cheap wheat fillers here clearly! Good quality ingredients and lots of choice. I could have crispy stuff (normally off limits), I could have chips without fear of contamination. The Apiary rocks and I'm heading back in a few days with a friend who missed out.  Beware though. The whole menu is so damn tempting - from little bites, the starters, the mains and the desserts. Portions are on the hearty side for mains so I was full to bursting after dinner here. Crispy pigs ears were delish with aioli as were the whitebait starters. I opted for one of the specials - guinea fowl wrapped in pancetta with duck confit and sage and shallot mash - it was lovely but even I was defeated in not being able to clear the plate. Plus I had seen the dessert options and I wanted to test them out.  Dessert was a coconut sponge with lime and Malibu - it was delish. I never did the whole Malibu thing as a teenager but all the flavours worked out so well.  Everyone appeared to love their food and there were lots of head nods and smiles as we chowed down.  So, I still think Newington rocks as an eating area and The Apiary is a great addition. It is cosy without being cramped and there are some lovely touches - little booths with coat hooks on the side, gorgeous prints and dcor and just a lovely warm, buzzy feeling. So I'm heading back in a few days and I plan on taking my next lot of visitors here too :-)  Prices - bites around 2.50 (bread is cheaper and GF is available too), starters around 5 with mains around 10-17 and desserts around 6. Wine - starts from 3.50 a glass with carafe options (8) and a decent price range for bottles.
The Apiary is absolutely lovely, and it feels like you are stepping into a world of charm and decadence. I first came two weeks ago with a group of eager Yelpers and I was, like Cressi, absolutely entranced by the place. The decor is beautiful and the place is charming and elegant but also feels like it is romantic yet unpretentious. When I first came I ordered a vegetarian for my main that was served over couscous. Having traveled in Morocco two years ago, my expectations for an authentic tajine were quite high but I was a bit disappointed by it since it was underwhelming compared to my neighbours' 3Bees Bird and Beasts sharing platter - it was absolutely massive and astounding! The quality of the meat was also superb (my manly friends were kind enough to share a bourbon glazed rib with me, which says a lot, but then again they were so stuffed with the massive platter that by the end they seemed a bit relieved to share with me although they didn't want to let on about that!). On to dessert - I had the chocolate brioche bread pudding with chocolate ice cream and it was really tasty! I ordered well that time round.  Tonight I came back with a friend and it was busy and bustling since it was the second day of their new menu and they were offering 50% off food in exchange for feedback - I was more than happy to help! Caz and Claire had been yesterday for lunch and raved about it, and Caz even returned a second day in a row for lunch so they had tried many options and gave me many helpful suggestions. The dinner menu was quite different from the one they had sent me photos of, but I also thought it had much better options. I was torn and had to keep asking the friendly server for her recommendations, which were spot on.   I had the 3bee boudin noir salad with honey roast sweet potato, grapefruit soused tomato and roasted red onion. The richness of the black pudding was complemented perfectly by the sweet and fruity other components of the salad, making it divine. My friend had a vegetarian salad with lovely field mushrooms.  For our mains, my veggie companion had couscous and feta fritters which seemed quite innovative and she said they were delicious. I had the coriander, chili, and lager braised lamb shoulder which was well done but succulent and cooked to perfection. We also shared the fries that came in a little bag - they were tasty skinny fries that were along the lines of McDonalds' French fries (not a bad thing in this case) but much better. They also came in a rustic paper bag.  For dessert my friend had the banana, honey and custard mess which she felt was much too sweet. I had the rocky road with marshmallows, shortbread, Turkish delight and chocolate over peanut butter and strawberry jam ice cream. I was a bit put off by the idea of PB&J ice cream (thinking that one or the other would be ok but not together in ice cream although they do work in the classic sandwich of my childhood!) but the enthusiastic server convinced me easily to try it. It was amazing! It was really peanut butter ice cream with a few little swirls of jam, and the rocky road and shortbread was fantastic (although if truth be told the pieces could have been a tad smaller and more bite-sized).  All in all, it was a fabulous evening! The ambiance was perfect and beautiful with the candles on the tables. The staff were all helpful, friendly and enthusiastic. The wine was fantastic. Last but but least, the food was absolutely delicious!
I had lunch at Apiary two days in a row, even though it's across town from me, so that should tell you something.  Love the restaurant setting, it's lovely to sit in a booth by the window with the sun streaming in.  Tried quite a few things on the new spring menu, loved the boudin noir, I'm assured the lamb tostada is also fantastic. The duck confit had a perfectly crunchy skin and beautifully cooked meat underneath, paired well with greens & buckwheat noodles and a star anise sauce. The peanut butter & jam ice cream with the rocky road is a taste sensation and the mess is delicious for those with a sweet tooth.  A few other things still need a bit of tweaking but overall the menu is shaping up to be fantastic. The evening menu looks great as well and I look forward to heading back and trying it out.  Service is very relaxed and friendly, although at times could have been slightly more attentive.
The Apiary seem to take the job of feeding me very seriously and I appreciate this greatly.  Brought to us by the same people as The Three Birds, the Apiary is bringing some foodie goodness to Newington. Not an area beset with many great eateries they certainly stand out in the area.  On a coldish winters eve I was pleased to find myself in their warm and comforting surroundings, the wood finish around the place gives a very nice feel to the place.  Having been to the Three Birds I had high expectations for this meal and I wasn't left disappointed. Having surveyed the menu I concluded having two rounds of starters was completely acceptable.  Starter 1 was crispy pigs ears.....yes that's right pigs ears. the crispy, salty, porky delights were really tasty, served with the house aioli I was happy.  Starter 2 I went for white bait. Fishy, salty....crispy and tasty....Happy JD.  For my main I went for one of the sharing boards with fellow carnivore Dave.M, this beat came with beef ribs, pork ribs and chicken wings, along side slaw, chips and the obligatory side salad. Fair to say we destroyed it.....MEAT!!  All of it was delicious...it was fairly nutritious and all in all I was a very happy JD!!  This place comes Highly Jd Recommended!
After seeing a flurry of reviews pop up soon after The Apiary opened, I knew I had to get along and try it myself. A sister restaurant of Three Birds, which I already am in foodie-love with, I had high hopes; and it didn't disappoint.  The space is literally the opposite of Three Birds. Where Three Birds is teeny tiny and involves shuffling and bumping past fellow diners (in an amicable way), The Apiary is in a huge space - tall ceilings and plenty of booths around the outside with tables in the middle. It seems a little like they inherited it as it was from previous owners and did little to refurb or make it their own. And the space isn't intimate or 'date like'; I saw a few families dining here, so it seems like a space better suited to larger parties; or an old-hat date like I was on.  The food is seasonal, the menu will change with the seasons, and had lots of delightful things to choose from like pigs ears, the meat sharing platter, pigeon, squid stuffed with chorizo -- far too many for me to choose from!  I went for the porotobello mushrooms with manchego cheese to start, and the thai vegetarian curry for main. Both were lovely. It's a 4 star review for the food; and 4 stars in a sense that it's well cooked, local seasonal food at an affordable price, served with a smile. It's very high quality local, seasonal food; but it's also not fine dining. And this suits me just right.  The bananana custard eton mess type affair for dessert was delicious too.  It's a local neighbourdhood restaurant doing what it does very well. Would be nice to see a slight update of the interior; but the staff are all smiles which makes a big difference too.
