Pros Super Cheap 7.00  Quick and Easy Cons  Everything Else food is beyond fatty and greasy everything deep fried. Definitely felt my heart hurt after a little of the meal Fried Chicken kind of tasty Banana Egg rolls actually the bomb amazingly good Ill never go back but glad I tried. My friend said if he was in the area and dying of hunger and happened to be right next to it he would try it again. Lots of sketchy mystery meat
This place is pretty tasty and cheap not sure why theres not too many reviews! 7.00 cant beat that everything was fresh when we came in at 3pm.
Awesome food. Always great. Like the previous reviewer I don't understand the lack of reviews.... Seeing lots of old flips that don't take the time to rate maybe a good clue that its good. Want some pakbet, BBQ or sinigang don't hesitate to eat here. Cheap and is Really one of the first original TURO-TURO'S in Vegas...nnn
Epoys offer a variety of food and snacks. food are always warm and tasty. However, this restaurant is no longer in business. a thai restaurant replaced it.
OMG.....do not eat here! Food is horrible. Food taste like it's been sitting there for 2 days. Blah Blah Blah in taste. I asked for ice for my soda and the ice tasted like they scraped it from the freezer, ice taste like dirt! They fried the cheapest fish, not even tilapia. The only thing worth eating was the chicharon bulalak (yeah i know spelling). Save your 7.99 and go to Nany Glorias or Joy's on East Charleston.I should of known the food stunk especially when there was only 1 person eating the buffet. If you want to have the runs for a week, then i suggest you go to EPOY's......yuck! truly disgusting!
This place has very authentic Filipino food. So good! Really good! Too good!!!
Everytime, my husband and i come to vegas, we can't stop but think about eating at Joy's. The buffet is delicious and the best pinoy buffet in Las Vegas. You get everything (except chicken skin, it's sold for like 3 buxs for a huge ziploc freezer bag) and the ginataag bilo bilo is to die for...............my husband literally had over 10 bowls along with his breakfast buffet. And the price: 6.99. Next year when we go to vegas, Joy wil be the first place we hit. Awesome food and awesome choices.
I think this place is the best Filipino buffet in Las Vegas . I never had a bad dish n the selection of pinoy foods is abundant. It's a small but clean place. The bilo bilo is fantastic, perfect dessert to end your meal. And yes she has a la carte items, topsilog, goto, mami, siopao, sigsig sigsig,  kalderta. and take out 3 items with either rice or pancit: 5.99. This place is a must for any pinoy/pinay to try while in vegas. Eggs are made to order with buffet
This is Filipino food served cafeteria-style but don't let that stop you.  It translates into a casual and inexpensive meal.   They don't always serve dinuguan, but my husband asked for it they had some set aside for him the next day.  Try the halo halo!
So you lost the money you were going to spend at Le Cirque - well there's still an upside here- for some home cooked meal- canteen style...turo -turo - basically point - and point to which ones you want...bbq, daing na isda, adobo, sinigang, kare-kare etc...try the halo halo dessert or bibingka that might turn that frown into a grin...But arrive early to guarantee choices...
The line to get food in the place was almost out the door, so i was expecting some damn good food.  For the price, the food was okay, it filled me up, and was not too pricey.  I was a little disappointed though because i was expecting this joint to carry the staple filipino entrees such as adobo (they ran out), kare kare (they didn't have it that day), and sinigang (i dunno why they didn't have this).  the pork bbq sticks were delish, but everything else was a little on the greeeezy side.  I was very happy that i could order maize con hielo (cream of corn, condensed milk, over crushed ice) because this is my fave sweet dish.
There are about 5000000000 Filipino buffets in the strip malls at every corner of this intersection.  There are no vegan items in any of them but Pinoy PInay has some really good flat overhead lighting and a nice vibe, but most importantly, a name.  Cute little kids too.  $5.50 for a buffet.
My favorite grub-stop for cheap, fast and delicious Filipino food.  The menu changes daily, but I have yet to be disappointed by any dish that I have ever ordered there. And having been a regular there for almost 5 years, that translates to pretty much every dish they serve.  As stated above, the place is casual, cafeteria style get-in-line-point-and-pay.    I can't help but laugh when people ding places like this for greasy food.  It's Filipino food... it's supposed to be greasy.  Now if a salad bar were greasy, THEN we'd have a problem.
I've been a few times and the last time was just yesterday after picking up my mom and step dad at the airport.  They had just landed from a 3 week trip to the Philippines.  After seeing them again, they were hungry for some Filipino food.  It's a little ironic since they just came back from there and that's all they ate for a whole 3 weeks.    On the most part we normally will go to DJ's Bibinkahan but I decided against it since we haven't had Pinoy Pinay in a long time.  I got a little confused as to where the line starts.  It doesn't take a brain surgeon to just walk towards the food and just go from there.  Looking through the glass full of oily food, I was actually confused and didn't know what my stomach was hungry for.  Luckilly, mom was there with me to order something so I could taste more than two items.    For my first item, I chose Kare-Kare a peanut butter based pork with tri-tip and vegetables.  My second choice was this batter fish that was deep fried and dipped with sweet and sour sauce.  My chose vegetable dishes and a coconut dish.  I wish I remembered what they were.  But, I remember how good it tasted.  :)    What I liked about this place is that the people were nice and friendly.  They weren't just there to put food in a container or a plate for you but were ready to give suggestions if you're stuck.  Also, they take care in placing the food on your plate and not just slap it on.  As for the food, it's not as greasy and it actually taste like the ingredients are fresh.  Unless we got there in time or just after it left the wok or pan.  If so, then how lucky was that?    After choosing your food, we got to the cashier and paid.  So it had a Cafeteria setting where you get your food in a tray and line up like cows until you reach the cashier and pay for your food.  Try the Melon Juice, that is so refreshing after some yummy food down your tummy.
as filipino food goes - its pretty good here. stuff i really wouldnt make at home because its time consuming, or i just dont have the space or the pit to roast a whole pig - ha!  but i was very impressed with the cleanliness of the store and the amount of seating as compared to other filipino restaurants. the service is funny, i think homeboy hit on me - as he asked "what do you want sexy?" i was like "what the...", i thought it was going to be a GURL FIGHT - between my fiance and the gay dude. nice.  food and desserts were tasty and it fulfilled my craving for meat and rice... 4 stars!
When visiting Las Vegas I always have to stop in for a meal at least once.  The food here is so good.... always fresh (because of the high traffic, the food moves quick) cheap and service is generally friendly. The only reason I dock off a point is because the food could be hotter at times (temperature wise).. nothing more disappointing when something looks great but is room temperature.  No worries though, Filipino food as I found out keeps well..
Some of the local Vegas natives are probably wondering why I gave this place a perfect 5 star rating. Please continue to read..  I'm not a Vegas native, I am in fact from the Bay Area. There are a good amount of Filipinos who live here obviously. I myself am Filipino, and as much as I try to support Filipino chains and small businesses, I am always disgusted by them. Why? Because they always seem like a rip off. Not only that, service is slow. Prices are high for below or average taste. And portions are extremely small for the price. It's also surprising how many people still frequent these Filipino restaurants we have here in the Bay Area that are Filipino and not realize the things I just mentioned. Perhaps they are blinded and skewed by the fact that they are supporting a local Filipino business, or maybe because they can't cook Filipino food. It must not be the latter because us Filipinos take so much pride in cooking those who know how to cook the dishes won't think twice to criticize the same dish made by someone else and how theirs is always better. Am I not right? I guess for your quick fix of Filipino food, we have plenty of choices here in the Bay Area, but they suffer from the previously mentioned. If I go to these Filipino chains, it's mostly for buying a Birthday cake or other pastries. The ship for buying regular entrees have long sailed. Be thankful for parents or other relatives who can cook authentic Filipino dishes. It's ashame that future generation of Filipinos who don't even know how to speak Tagalog will think this is good Filipino food for the price. If the price was lower or portions were grander sure no problem. But portions are small, and most if not all the food seems like it's just heated, and hell--they have no shame showing you that they just microwave them. To add insult to injury, Goldilocks (I'm not sure if they still do this practice), will weigh the food from the a la carte dishes to the palabok. Now why do these Filipino owned businesses and chains wonder why only Filipinos go to their stores and restaurants? If the Bay Area wasn't filled with so many Filipinos, I doubt these places would stay open. Vietnamese, Hawaiian, Thai have appealed to everybody recently, and have easily passed up Filipino food as general favorites for everybody.   While in Vegas, for some odd reason we wanted to get some Filipino food. Not being from around here, we consulted the GPS. Having a GPS is very handy and I highly recommend it when going to places you are not familiar with, but thats an entirely different review on it's own. Pinoy Pinay came up so off we headed. I don't know the area nor it's reputation, but it wasn't too far off from the strip. It was in a small plaza center which seemed like it housed other Filipino/Asian businesses. The exterior was nothing special. It wasn't nice, but wasn't bad either. The ambiance of the interior was that of a typical fast food type of chain. There was plenty of seating arrangements and the space felt roomy. Never did I feel congested.   Now the differences that I quickly realized were the prices, portions, and service of this place. Wow, its the 3 top complaints that I and other Filipinos and non-Filipinos have about Filipino restaurants here in the Bay. I should have got a copy of the menu and uploaded it, but I forgot to snag one. I can't remember in detail, but prices were very reasonable. Actually in comparison to those from your local Chinese fast food restaurant. The prices were actually CHEAP compared to those of Bay Area prices. But what good are the cheap prices of portions are small. No worries there, the portions were surprisingly generous from what I'm use to seeing from Filipino chains. Us Filipinos are known to run on Filipino time, slow and usually late. Here in the Bay Area, we prove that stereotype by exercising it in the workplace. It's in full effect in Filipino restaurants here. Jollibee, Goldilocks, and other Filipino places are very slow. Just because I'm Filipino does not mean I'm your relative or even your friend where you start talking to me like I've known you forever. A simple hello and small BS will suffice. I'm here for my food and time is money. The staff at Pinoy Pinay restaurant knows this, and have setup the food line in a efficient manner. One person manning a different station. It moved the line quickly and I was shocked that they were waiting on me. Over here in the Bay it's almost always the opposite.   We went here before the afternoon on a weekday and even then it had a good amount of patrons. Mostly if not all Filipinos, but there was a token black guy that showed up. A black guy in a Filipino restaurant--that was proof enough for me. If the traffic was as it was when we came, I could only imagine during later hours of the day and on the weekends this place would be busy.  This place is what Filipino restaurants are not in the Bay Area, but what should be. What an example.
ok i had half a week in vegas and was getting tired of bland buffets and expensive restaurants i decided to head to pinoy pinay ok i guess not a lot of people like to eat lunch early like me so make sure you call before heading out to lunch over there so you don't have to wait like i did it was worth the wait the nilagang baka was sooooooooooo good! everything i had for lunch was so good they're not pretty talkative my kinda place i just like to go in a fast food restaurant, eat, and leave  don't talk to me, my food will get cold, and i might just yell at you!
OMG, I practically inhaled my food.  The kare-kare was thick and creamy.  YUMMMM!  That was my favorite part of the meal.  And my sago drink was delicious.  This place was hella crackin.  The line curved around the restaurant.  GOOOOOOD foood!!!  I kinda wish I savored my meal, but whatevz, who needs to chew when you can just shallow.. lol.
This place was kind of hard to find, its like in the corner of an outdoor plaza located next door to a supermarket or something.  Once inside, its like simple filipino verision of panda express. The food was quite flavorful, i was with 6 other people and they all pretty much grubbed on their plates, the price wasnt bad either, around 6 bucks for rice and like 2 entrees. If your tired of the buffets and over priced fast food, this place isnt too shabby
Love it here. Classic Filipino cuisine. ok service average decor. Good star rating for its quality of food.
Out of all of the Filipino Fast food places in Vegas, this is my favorite place for cheap food. The selection of food that you can choose changes daily but they are always choices that you will be happy with.   The staff is friendly and sometimes they joke around with you. Maybe, you can even sharpen up on your Tagalog skills with these guys!  There's a lot of seating, but be careful, during meal times, it can run out quickly. But hey, that's a sign of good eats, right? I think so.
Awesome service!  They let my Korean friends have a taste of almost everything (I was full from that!)  The food was fresh and tasty.  The only disappointing part was my garlic rice: it could've been more garlicy (is that a word?) and there were sections that were hard, like 5 day old rice.  Yuck.  My non-Filipino friends really enjoyed the experience.  Thanks!
You can't beat this place for good, hearty, cheap eats.  Their entire menu consists of excellent Filipino food choices.  I like their sinigang (a tamarind-based fish soup) even though you're picking out the bones while you're eating.  Dinuguan is always one of my choices.  Masarap !  While my daughter's mom usually picks her favorites for both of us, I'm not picky and enjoy all her choices.   The artwork on the walls add quite a bit to their ambience.
I've eaten here or taken to-go many times.  I usually go for the sinigang, adobo or menudo.  Prices are decent.  For now this is my favorite Filipino restaurant in Las Vegas but I have yet to dine at DJ Bibingkahan (I know I'm a loser - it's on the top of my list!!)
I love filipino food.  I love filipino food at Pinoy Pinay.  I beg. beg. BEG! to come here whenever we are in Vegas.  Always has a selection of entrees and desserts I like.  Price is very reasonable.  Overall, I wish they had a place like this in Nor Cal instead of Jollibee and Goldilocks.
Nice staff. The banana in the turon was a little tough, but the bbq was pretty good as well as the beef steak. Nothing ever really lives up to your mother's home cooking, but this was pretty good.
Friendly staff, good prices, decent portions. Ambiance is lacking and the few times I've eaten here the food has ranged from average to good-not great. For the price though, I'm a repeat customer, especially given my positive experience with the staff.
This place has gone down hill since their inception. The food does not look appealing anymore. Not that filipino food is appealing. In fact Filipino food looks gross but for people who grew up with adobo and rice. It is just a regular day at the dinner  table.   Maybe I just caught them on a bad day. The food was not fresh. I was really disappointed. I give them the benefit of the doubt. I will probably come back to try them out again.
The taste of traditional Filipino food away from home, not too far from the Vegas strip!  As authentic as they get, I felt I was at a Filipino-family get together.  You'll enjoy the dishes Pinoy Pinay have ranging from Sinagang, Bulalo, Bangus, Lechon, etc.  I ordered the Bangus, Pancit and rice which was tasty and served in hearty proportion.  I also ordered the cantaloupe juice to wash it all down.  The party I ate with, I sampled the Lechon, Menudo and Halo-halo which all tasted as expected, if were made from your kitchen at home.  If you're unfamiliar with the Filipino dishes mentioned above, refer to this site: http://www.seasite.niu.edu/Tagalog/filipino_food_glossary.htm  The service is fast once you start to put your order together.  After paying for your meal and sitting down, don't expect to be waited-on or asked about your meal.  The place is all "self serve."  It's setup  where you slide your order tray with you as you walk down the assembly line of food, picking your your entrees and side orders.    The only drawback is location.  If you have access to a car, this place is relatively fast to get to.  If you're taking a cab from a hotel, getting there is easy, but finding your way back can be a bit difficult.  Not too many taxi's come out to this area so be sure to have your cell phone fully charged to call a cab.
Had lunch for the first time here and ordered their combo dishes. Had 1/4 slice of fried bangus and batchoy.Food was tasty and good.Basic selection of meat,fish,poultry and soup dishes available. Nothing to complain about. The place was clean and free of pesky flies. Another to go eat pinoy places while visiting nevada.
I was very surprised by all the high marks this place got.  I just recently went here with my hubs and mom.  We were very disappointed on what we got.  We went here by chance because we needed to eat, I didn't exactly know where Seafood City was, and I didn't want to drive up and down Sahara.  Coming from SD and I have many selections of different turo turo (point point) places and never really came upon a place that wasn't good.  So I didn't think much of this place on not being good.  There were ppl inside eating...  First off, they make you get a tray.  The tray I got smelled like it was wiped with a wet dirty towel.  It had a disgusting sour smell and I didn't understand why they wanted ppl to eat with it.  The guy behind the counter was pretty adamant on us getting a tray.  I got the tray, but I didn't want to put my food down on it.  SO GROSS!  What I got: I decided on their beef steak.  The guy asked if I wanted sabaw (okay, the sauce) on my rice, heck ya!  I just wanted one entree choice with my rice.    Why it wasn't good: First, the rice.  It seemed like old rice they reheated and put too much water on because it got too dried out.  My beef steak wasn't good at all.  The sauce of the beef steak seemed too oily and it didn't taste fresh.  It also tasted like it was cooked a long time ago and just reheated.  They just looked like they cut up fresh onion and topped with it to look like it was recently cooked.   What the hubs got: He got paksiw na lechon and sinigang na HALIBUT.  Yea, thats right, they put HALIBUT in with the sinigang.  I never had and now I know why.  If you're going to make any type of FISH sinigang...fricken make it with BANGUS!  I know they had bangus because they had one all fried up in the front.      Why it wasn't good: My husband is on of those filipinos who love really sour sinigang.  When he asked the guy if it was extra sour, the guy had no hesitation to say yes.  When hubs went to try it, the sabaw (soup) was barely sour.  He also agreed to not eat sinigang with halibut, it just didn't taste right.  As for his paksiw, that also tasted like it was cooked a long time ago and just reheated.  The sauce of the paksiw was way over powering and didn't taste that good either.  What mom got: She also got the sinigang and she also got afritada.  I didn't taste it because I was already disgusted with my food and my husbands.  I doubt that tasted any better.   I don't know if they were lazy to cook stuff for a Saturday evening and again and just reheated old food.  I surprised that so many ppl like the food from here.  But I will definitely not come here again and will make it a point to find Seafood City, because I heard there are more places to eat around there.    Ppl from Vegas or ppl visiting vegas...don't go here...seriously....your lola/mom/auntie/lolo/dad/uncle or YOUSELF who know who to cook will be disappointed with the food from here.  THIS IS NOT HOW FILIPINO FOOD SHOULD TASTE LIKE!
This used to be my "go-to" place for Filipino food in Vegas but no more.  I went Thursday last week, ordered my 2 items + rice to go, and looked forward to eating in the peace and quiet of my hotel room.  When I opened the container, the 2 scoops of rice had the consistency of lumpy mashed potatoes!  REALLY.  Whoever cooked the rice used 2x the amount of water and w-a-y overcooked the rice so that there aren't even any recognizable grains.   C'mon, we're Pinoys!  Rice is sacred and should be the one thing we can cook consistently.  After all, how do we enjoy the soup or the sarsa in the dishes (even if it is just the oil from the lechon)?  I was so disappointed.  How do you eat pochero (which was actually quite tasty) without rice?  I kept hearing my Lola's voice "Hey, huwag mag pakpak!"  (LOL)  At least I had the upo dish as a veggie as balance but really - not the same.   Oh, and this is not the first time I've had this rice problem.  But in the past, it was only slightly mushy.  This time it was BAD.  No way to redeem it.  So, I'm gonna have to say 'ta-ta' to PP and try one of the other LV Filipino establishments.  It was a good 5-year run.
First and Foremost, If you don't like oily foods, don't eat filipino food. cuz usually when you go to  Filipino restaurants, chances are, atleast one or two of their dishes are more than likely to clog your arteries. Im a fan, of pinoy pinay, because they get it right. It's authentic, its pretty much real filipino food. I just don't like the fact during the slow hours of 3-6pm, they leave the food sitting out, and it looks dry. I don't know maybe there trying to save money by cutting back on food costs. I also don't like the fact that they don't have Longanisa every day. but then again, its really unhealthy, so maybe that's why. my personal favorites, are pork bbq on a stick, pancit bihon, beef caldereta and once in while lechon kawali. the sinigang soup is pretty good also.
Decent food just the way it is made at a Filipino home for a decent price with friendly service. I ordered the Pinoy Pinay combination consisting of two entrées with rice for only $5.99. I forgot the name of the chicken entrée I got but it was pretty good. I also got some lechon with the traditional Mang Tomas all-purpose sauce, crispy and tasty as it should be. On my second trip, ordered a Tocilog (Tocino, eggs, with garlic rice). It was nonetheless good and the cure for a hungry stomach, but I had better. The sago and the melon drinks are okay too.   What's really good here though is the Halo Halo. My friends enjoyed it so much that we made sure we'd all get another one before we left Sin City. It just had the right ingredients and mixture a Halo Halo should have (with the exception to ice cream). If you've never been, I would highly recommend a Filipino person to take their non-Filipino friend(s). They'd probably think the food is okay to decent but I can guarantee that they would love the Halo Halo. Plus, you can tell them Manny Pacquiao eats here often and they'll believe you.
This tends to be a hit or miss whenever I visit. It just happened to be a bit of a miss the last time. Their bbq skewers are always good. I prefer the pork over the chicken. However, the adobo could have produced a food coma I might not have been able to snap out of as it was extremely greasy. No joke, you could see the oil separating itself from the rest of the sauce. Blech! I'll just have to get something else next time, since my family loves this place.
Cheap but tasty.  Nothing beats that combo.
Came here one time during a family vacation in Vegas... I'm not sure if it was the fact that I was starving and craving for authentic Asian cuisine that day, but this place has the best AND cheapest Filipino food I've ever had! Plus they offer decent size portion at a relatively low price!  I had a two items combo with sisig, bangus and rice, and I also added an order of sinigang. Everything was delicious and authentic in my opinion. My favorite was the bangus. They didn't just give me a tiny little piece like a lot of Filipino fast food places do, they gave me pretty much the whole fish. It was done just right; not too dry but it was crispy enough. The sisig and sinigang were both good, and had enough flavors. I actually took some of the bangus and sisig to go because the portion was huge and I didn't want to waste good food. After a 12 hours drive back home, the bangus and sisig were still in good shape; and most importantly, they still tasted good after re-heating! I was totally amazed and surprised...  This place overall is clean and the staff is nice with good customer service. The only downside is that it is off the strip and definitely not walking distance from the strip. But the good thing is that it is easy to get to this place when you have a car. If you are visiting Vegas and staying on the strip without a car, I would say it's worth taking a cab to this place...
I've visited this location twice & each time I was happy with the food. I've ordered the Apretada (beef stew), lumpia, okoy & lechon kuwali. Everything I had was delicious! The portions were large and the price was very good!...honestly its very cheap for the quality and quantity.  The food is authentic & has a home made feel. The service is good & fast...HIGHLY recommend it.
Good selection of Filipino entrees, desserts, and beverages.  Clean restaurant.   This is one of the Filipino places I eat, when I'm in town, when I need a break from the Vegas buffets,
This isn't the best filipino fast food restaurant I have ever had, but it does hit the spot when I am craving Bangus or any other fried filipino goodness.  For me, the dishes are always a hit or miss in regards to the saltiness. But, I just order a melon juice, and I am content.   The servings are large, so you can eat like a king on a budget.  The restaurant is clean and quite spacious.  And the servers are always friendly and welcoming.
Buffet and Vegas has been old for a while for me.  Just fill me up and I'm good to go.  This place is a typical Filipino fast food with a pretty decent size seating capacity.  You get in line, pick up a tray and you choose the most greasy item in the menu because that is the best tasting artery blocking meal.  Two item sir, yes sir.  Turon, halo halo, and coconut drink please.  Then may I have extra napkins please.  Pay for the meal and take a seat.  There was a time where I would not worry about the grease, but now, I spend an extra 5 minutes to get as much of the oil off as possible.  I'd like to postpone my heart attack another day.  Favorite items:  Bistek Beef Kaldereta Lechon BBQ chicken skewer Sinigang Turon Halo halo Coconut  Pros: good for large parties, fast food, good value Cons: heart attack alley  There are other Filipino restaurants which I will try when I am in the area again, but this place is always a favorite compared to going to Jollibee or Chow King.
I went this restaurant with my Family and relatives...I think we were like 15 including the kids.   I didn't enjoy the food. I have no choice since we were staying at Wynn Hotel and  since I only prefer Pinoy foods. I might as well eat rather than starve.
I always have to get Filipino breakfast once while in Vegas.  Went to this place cause my girl and her family go to this one.  The place looks like all the Filipino "cafeteria" style restaurants.  Fairly clean and smells amazing inside.  The staff was very very friendly (as most Filipinos are) and did not judge us when we didn't really speak Tagalog.  He helped us get our plates and even cracked a few jokes.  We got the pinakbet, lechon kawali, and dinuguan.  My girlfriend was quite saddened to see that there was no kare-kare that morning.  But the food was still enjoyable.  The best part of the meal was the melon drink.  It was so refreshing on a hot Vegas morning.  Mhmmm... delicious!  This isn't the greatest Filipino place I've eaten at, but it sure did help curb my cravings for Filipino food.  Wouldn't mind coming back here since I can't remember the other place my family goes to.... haha!
Tastiest selection of Tagalog cuisine in Lost Wages.
I was told that the Pinoy Pinay in California is SO GOOD....and they give good portions....so we went and check out this place.  First the place was almost empty...just a couple and their kid in one table...and looking at the selection...there was I think around 5 or six kinds and mostly meats..and some pinakbet...tried the combo ...Dinuguan & Pinakbet... it was okay but really not that great....but one thing good...the melon drink...  Will I come back?  Probably!!!There are so many choices in Vegas...just feel bad didn't have the chance to try it all!
WOWOWEE!!!! ang sarap naman!!!!!!!!!!  Filipino soul food! like any other soul food... they make everything by scratch! everything was amazing! service would typically crappy... but it was classy-crappy... el-cra-pe!  nevertheless... the food is down right amazing! perfect hang over meal... especially in las vegas!
Turo-Turo style eatery.  Food is mediocre but the portions are plentiful.  Three combos for less than $20.  Can't beat that in Overpriced Vegas.
great comfort food.  my brother and sister in law had their food catered here on several occasions.  mainly for pacman fights =)  i like their sisig and menudo.  they also give generous amount of food from their turo-turo menu.
$5 Filipino breakfast offered ALLLL DAY?!  I'm sold!  Perfect way to start a Vegas morning.  You get your choice of tocino, longanisa, tilipia or the dried/salted fish.  Then you pick how you want your eggs cooked...and they whip it up for your right there.  Probably only takes about 10 minutes!  The longanisa + scrambled egg is my ideal and it was really good here!  Add in the fresh calamansi juice...and life is good.    They had a huge selection of food to choose from, so I pretty much wanted to buy everything.  Luckily, I restrained.
the last few times ive gone to vegas and ate at this place it always seems like its for saturday lunch.  or was it sunday lunch?  i dont know why but vegas weekends seem to blur into one long day...  hahah, anyway.  when we were there, the line was long, straight outside the restaurant.  but we did come in a huge group, so that was probably part of the reason.  the food is great.  its trully that stick-to-your-ribs type of food you get when youre at some filipino party or a fiesta in the old country.  they even have melon juice and calamansi juice!    my only suggestion is to go there a little earlier than the lunch crowd, on the weekend that is.  we came a little late, so some of the food was out.  besides that, grab a seat, make some room in your belly, cause this is serious eating.
Just like mom's homecooked meals!  Finally made it out here today for lunch... a whole lotta food for two for $20 AND we had left overs to bring home too!  FOOD: Chicken Adobo - my bf likes the pork adobo better.  It was soy heavy to his liking.  Sorry, I didnt get to try it - I was busy with my own plate!! Beef Caldareta (sp?) - It was flavorful!  Noone can beat a filipino beef stew!  Meat was tender and the soup is so good!    Pinakbet - w/the pink bagoong.  I've never had it in this style but it was worth the try.  It rounded out the flavors: loved the string beans, squash was a nice surprise but the bagoong really brought the dish home! Chicharron - the pig skin was nice & crispy, the meat on it tender and the sweet brown sauce they give you - mmmmmm....that will keep me coming back for more!  Great place to have a nice homecooked meal!  Good job!!
The lines were long and the service was super slow. You figured they would invest in another register to check people out more efficiently. The staff seemed unorganized. We waited approximately 15-20 mins. I would be more forgiving if the food was worth the wait, but I can get better tasting food from home. If you are really hungry, don't go here during lunch, as you might experience the same thing we did...
Friendly staff, great price, huge parking but its a common type of filipino dish
This place hits close to home cooking and the prices can't be beat.  One of the few Filipino places (buffet-ish style where you point to the food you want and they plate it for you) that keeps their food fresh and keeps the food coming.  The place is pretty modest - nothing fancy just cafeteria style but it gets the job done!  Whenever my parents visit me in LV, they always come here at least 2 or 3 times during their visit (because I won't let them cook fish inside my house, lol!)   My favorite things to get here are the kare kare, beef caldereta (oily, but meat melts in your mouth!), BBQ sticks of course, the grilled pork, and the lechon (crrrunch)!  The pancit is just OK.   Adobo is just OK.  But the portions are huge!  Come early to get the best selections.  We went late one night and all my favs were missing except the lechon.    Don't forget to ask for sabaw on the side (they'll give you some sinigang broth with some gulay in it.  Also don't forget the turon for dessert!   They used to take cash only, but now you can use your debit/credit card for purchases over 10 bucks.  2 item meal is like 7 bucks... not bad for all of the food that you get.  For the price, why cook at home?
Great food very informative staffs, feels like home so many selections to choose from.They also make really good BBQ and beef Caldereta! Whenever I go back to Vegas I always visit this restaurant.Not expensive at all!! Highly recommended you will never regret it.Yummy food :)
I'm not a fan of filipino fast food but when you really want filipino food and you are away from your mom, this is one of the few places you can go to and get it done right.  Really in love with their barbecue and palabok.  Sometimes I feel like the portion sizes are too big but then I rememeber I can just take it home and have it the next day as my BAON.  lol
We went here after "yelping" the closest filipino restaurant from our hotel in downtown LV. this place did not disappoint! The food is good and the staffs were really nice! It was pretty cheap too! We had 7 of the two item combos, plus 4 drinks and it was less than $50. I will definitely come back to this place the next time we visit Las Vegas.
When I first came here a few years ago it was very good. I think time and complacency has set in because now the place is old and tired. Food was just ok, nothing special. I wanted to go to the back and show them how to cook, but that's okay, I didn't pay too much. Hope for a better result next time, I'll give them one more chance, then I'll be looking for a new Filipino place to go to in Vegas!!!
I got my first Filipino food from this place.  Not knowing what to order, the gentleman at the counter let me try different stuff.  I ended up ordering the skewers and the beef stew with rice.  The portion is big and it is only $6.  Their food was okay.  I liked their dessert halo halo.  I am not really sure if this place was mediocre or Filipino food is not so my taste...I  might give another shot to Filipino food somewhere else to see.
It'd been years since we last ate here, maybe within months of opening (a while ago). I should begin the review with an explanation/disclaimer; growing up, after finding out what everything was, in filipino cuisine, I became a picky eater. I was the one cutting off all the fat off the meat. I don't like greasy foods, in general (plus, being pregnant, things are not always agreeing with my system). I stuck to safe things because in all honesty, I don't eat all animal flesh (limit it to beef, chicken, sometimes pork, turkey, seafood and shellfish). And it's not like I don't eat fatty foods at all, I just select the days (I eat carefully on most days, but on the weekends, I eat what I want; it helps my figure). We don't go to a lot of filipino restaurants (but this doesn't mean that I'm less of a Pinay, I know alot about the history, I do know Tagalog, though I am not fluent, and I could go on and on about Pinoys in Hollywood, believe me, I am proud).   Located in Amall, on the corner of Sahara and Maryland Parkway (the one with 7-11 on the corner), the cafeteria-style restaurant  (you select your items and pay at the end of the aisle, before sitting down to eat) is located in the elbow of the strip mall. Inside is spacious with lots of seating, tables & chairs. Trays are placed on top of the trash cans located near the doors. Bathrooms are located in the back of the restaurant. It is clean, however, we did see a dirty tray (had food stuck on it), which the employee promptly picked up upon seeing that it was set aside. And when we sat down, noticed that there was a B grade up on the wall. My husband also noticed that something was cleaned up with a dirty rag, which was then placed on top of the counter.   We had cousins, and my auntie, in town so we met them here for lunch last saturday afternoon. My husband and I each chose the two-item plates (two scoops of rice, pancit, and BBQ sticks), a drink, and I also got the bibingka, and my husband got the turon (oops, forgot to tell him it was made with filipino bananas). The cashier was nice and cracked a joke about the sticky balls on a stick (carioca). The rice was plentiful, the BBQ sticks were cold and more on the fatty side, and the pancit was ok. (Also, another reason why I am picky with filipino food is that my mom's pancit and lumpia were the best. When there is such a high standard, it's hard to have anything else). The caldereta did look good, and maybe I would've enjoyed my lunch if I had that instead. Ok, I have to share this funny story abut our nephew, my sister's oldest. I didn't know that he liked dinuguan, and I told him what it was before he ordered it, when we were in line. He was eating it, and had this uncertain expression on his face. And then said, "What is this?" My immediate reaction was to laugh heartily, as I always do (sorry, I have a loud laugh). My husband later said that he wished he had recorded the whole thing (see, he can't have dessert unless he finishes the meal, it's the rule). I did enjoy the bibingka, I do love filipino desserts! Masarap. The turon @ $1.50 was really good and such a generous size too. The cost of our meals was over $21.00. My sister, brother-in-law, and their older boys split a couple halo-halo's- served in glass dishes similar to ice cream sundaes, which looked good, but I love Chow King's version (in Seafood City). If I wanted some filipino dessert, I could stop here, since it's in the neighborhood.    There were other customers in the restaurant but I would't say that it was crowded, especially for the weekend (when we moved here in 1991, there weren't many choices and now due to a higher pinoy population, there are lots of choices for us; and the most popular is Seafood City).
I am not a person who likes to go to Filipino restaurants to eat (because my mom is the best Filipina cook ever) but I enjoyed the food and the experience here. The server/cashier was very friendly and very helpful, he had a smile on his face for every customer. He even told a couple of jokes and pointed to me where the the nearest Goldilock's was.   The food was good, it was a lot better than a lot of other Filipino restaurants I've tried. I ordered the pork adobo, pancit palabok, and bbq pork to go. All of it was good, I especially liked the bbq pork that I would order again. They also serve you the food a la carte style so the best time to come is early when everything is still fresh. The portions are huge too, I had a good amount of leftovers.   If I am ever back in Vegas I am sure I will visit them again. They are very welcoming and they make you feel very comfortable.
I'm not a big expert on Filipino food but I do know my lechon and sinigang.  I really like the people there, really good ambience. The lechon was good and crispy :) the lechon dipping sauce, was OKAY. but still didn't ruin my lechon experience.  Sinigang.. u cant really mess that up so it was really tasty to me :) I like the cafeteria style they have, super fast filipino food. I liked it a lot.
The place is really clean and modernish. The staff is very friendly and bathroom is clean. We were a party of 12 and it may have been to overwhelming for them because the food reflected that. My Pinakbet was drenched in shrimp paste. It was suppose to have lechon kawali, shrimp and tofu amongst all the veggies. I got 2 ladles of shrimp paste a bunch of veggies and 5 pieces of lechon kawali. The pancit miki was super salty.
Another Great Place to eat Filipino Food ...:))) Family love this place!!
The food was ok, not the best I've had in Las Vegas.  Service was ok, they were making fun of my wife because she was white.  Overall disappointed.
I've been coming to this place for years. 7 years to be exact, ever since I first moved to Vegas. It was my first taste of Filipino food that I missed from my mom.   I remember the first time I came here and I was so excited. I thought the combo was a great deal and the actual amount of portion food they give you is a lot! I have never been able to eat all my food and I am a fat ass and can often throw down, so this is saying a lot!   Is this is the best Filipino food ever? Not even close, I mean come on. You know how it goes, "my mom the best Filipino food." But they do some good lechon and I love their dinuguan. And yes, to the halo halo with ice cream. I also love the variety assortments of Filipino deserts they have. I think they have some of the best flan I have ever had.   However, I will admit there have been occasions where I went and my food was on the cold side and just not as tasty as I know it can be. But I keep coming back to this place. The staff is friendly and I always feel welcome here.   It's buffet style as  you grab your tray, and pick from the options they have out for the day. You can get a two or three item combo.   As a Filipino, who doesn't look Filipino I hate when I go into a Filipino place and get the looks like, "why is she in here?" I never feel uncomfortable or unwelcome in this place. And more than not, the food is always decent. And at great prices I will always come back to this place.
I love this place.  The food is always delicious and with big servings.  I always order in a to-go container because I can never finish all my food and end up taking half of it home.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant has plenty of seating and is kept clean.
Been coming here over 10 years, the food here is actually not too shabby, . The food portion is big and best of all its cheap! Its alittle far from home  but worth the trip if you don't want to spend too much for lunch or dinner.       We usually order 2 combo plate and one canteloupe drink, comes up to about $16 not shabby for family of 4 :)  kids love the menudo here and I like the pinakbet(vegetable stew) depending on how fresh the diniguan ill usually get a side of that also. Like I said earlier, food is not the best but its not bad either, for the price you can't beat it.
Been here quite a few times and it seems that the food quality has gone down. We visit from Denver and this year we ordered lechon kawali, pusit, bangus, and dinuguan. Lechon kawali was good, but the pusit was dry and the bangus was cold. We went for lunch.
I love their sisig and BBQ here! Besides the steam table items..they also offer Filipino spaghetti, palabok and crispy pata. CRISPY PATA!! don't think just order and enjoy lol.
There's nothing quite like the feeling of chewing on glass.   I don't recommend trying it but if you feel inclined - get an order of Lechon from Pinoy Pinay Filipino Restaurant in Las Vegas (northwest corner of Sahara & Maryland Parkway).   I like Lechon to be crispy, but for my gums to be tender after the first few pieces, I threw in the white flag. I tried to pick apart the skin and go for the meat and fat, but it was dry and by then, I decided to just settle for the Pork Adobo, the second of my two item combo.   The Adobe was not tender - the pork was chewy. Not enough vinegar. I didn't finish my Adobo either.   I've been eating Filipino food all my life. Both good and bad. Pinoy Pinay made the latter list.
This place is fantastic. It's been here forever, I used to hit this place all the time for lunch. Love the food here.
Food is just amazing. Associates are very funny. As food food I suggest kalderetang kambing (goat) it's the bomb.com and halo halo for desert is a killer!!!
This is the place when you want down right good Filipino food.    They have a variety of food to choose from & their combos are cheap $6.50.  Portions of food can make it 2 meals.  Their lechon is the best compared to all the other Filipino places I tried.  Sinigang, beef steak, lechuplan, & mango drink were all so good!!!   This is another one of our visits when were are in Las Vegas.
Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #43 - #365  My mom's friend's best friend treated us for dinner here at Pinoy Pinay. This is just another typical Filipino restaurant you'd find in any other city. The first impression that comes to me about this restaurant is that, it's a total DIVE! That doesn't mean the food is horrible. I'd say more average but not excellent.   Since it's in Downtown, the area is not a great place to walk alone. The interior is very outdated and felt kind of dirty. Let's be honest here, the food is not that great but the prices are excellent and saved us a ton from eating on the strip. The place kind of reminded me of an old Filipino restaurant I ate at in Glendale in the 90's.   The food wasn't that bad, more so and so. I picked up a tray and ordered the two item combo, pork barbecue skewers and chopped pork. Food was a bit cold and tasted old, the flavor in the barbecue was there and so was the chopped pork but they give you lots of rice!   Would I come back here again? Maybe...
One of the local Filipino places my family likes to eat at.  You can choose a combo plate - two scoops of rice & choice of two or more meat items from their steamed tables filled with all sorts of foods : Sinigang, Menudo, Pinakbet, Pancit, Adobo, Kare Kare, etc, etc.  OR   You can choose their made to order items : Palabok, Spaghetti, Breakfast Combos, or Fresh Lumpia.  They also have a lot of Filipino desserts to choose from & Halo-Halo!
So we have, Pinoy+Pinay in Los Angeles. Moms told me this use to be the spot here in Vegas. I'm craving some Filipino food so we decided to pay a visit.   Place is dead... Think it was just us and another family. It's pretty sad.   Unlike their LA counterpart they didn't have Sisig, menudo, caldereta, chicken adobo.... Kind of shocked since these are go to dishes... So we got the Bicol express, lechon kawali, fried talong, and pakbet.   First take-- food is cold.. Now... They're not busy so I'll take that into account. Taste is there and glad the lechon was crunchy.   I really like the taste of the Bicol express just wished they had more seafood bc that batch had nothing but pork!  In conclusion, it's a decent place I'll stop by again but LA does it better. :P
I've been eating here since the 90's and it's been my go-to Filipino food place because the food is good and the portions are generous, but it looks like they recently raised their prices and switched their containers to smaller ones, so you don't get as much. The food is still good, but the portion sizes relative to the price doesn't really make this a deal anymore.
Simply, the best Halo-Halo i've ever had!  The other best thing about this little nice place is that you can either order a combination plate from the food that's already made or you can order a la cart for a freshly made meal. Ill stop by again next time Im in Vegas.  They would get 5 if they turn the air conditioner on.
I give it a five star because there's not a lot of filipino restaurants out here that are good. I've been coming here since I was pretty young. Like middle school? So this place has been around a long time. I don't live at home anymore with my parents so I barely eat filipino food ): so when I'm craving... I come here. It's a long drive from home because I'm around the southwest area in Vegas. But it's always worth it everytime!!! I love their menudo. It's delicious. Mmmm!!!! Yummy. And the drinks they offer. Too bad it only comes in one size. I love the coconut drink. In my opinion, I think it deserves a five star... Because it hasn't disappointed me... Yet.
I love this place. The food is always great. Portion sizes are perfect for the price. There is always a good variety of dishes so my roommate and I get different things each time and share so we enjoy a bit of everything! When you get to the end of the line and you see desserts...get at least one!
I loved their food. Marissa always give u big servings. Very very friendly place. Everbody raves about their crispy pata which I still have to try. : )
I do not know why yelp has marked this place as closed but all I know is I had the best pancit here just this weekend! It was loaded with shrimps, chicken, pork and lechon? I actually cannot get over it upto now. Even they're lumpia is super good too! Definitely coming back! Friendly service and good filipino food hmmm yummmm :)
I have been coming her for a LONG time. They have the best lumpia shanghai! Chicken adobes amazing! A lot of other places have it but this one has a one of a kind taste. Marisa, the owner is a sweetheart. She is always so friendly. I like her turon. Every time I come here It seriously brings back memories of the Philippines. Oh how would love to go back.
I was craving Filipino food so this place was the closest place to where I was at. When I walked in I saw only 4 items available. Looks like the 4 items were sitting there for a long time. I ended up leaving without ordering anything. I went to another Filipino place downtown.
Very disappointed with facility/service. Took  a long time to make halo halo.  My family and I were the only ones in the restaurant,  then we were told it was CASH ONLY. Food was set out like a buffet, unappetizing, dried, and old. Would not recommend this cafeteria styled restaurant.  We were very excited to have a Filipino restaurant near us and my Aunt was really craving Halo Halo.  I read the reviews on Yelp and we decided to give the place a try.  The lady at the cashier was so unfriendly, by the time our halo halo's arrived, my aunt no longer wanted them.  I ended up buying 2.  They were average at best.  I am beginning to think that the 5 star reviews were posted by friends/family.
As soon as I walked in I was greeted by the sweetest Filipino Aunty EVER! I've been to plenty of Filipino food places with shady people trying to nickel and dime you for everything.  But Aunty straight hooked me up with extra rice, and sabow (soup), to go with my two choice meal.  She made me feel at home, like I was her long lost nephew, and it was her extra TLC that made the efood that much better.  If she doesn't have something ready, she will cook it on the spot!  But if you're smart, you'll call ahead to make sure the food will be ready for you once you get there!  If I'm craving some Filipino food in Vegas, I'd definitely swing by here for some good home style food and special family treatment.
I recently discovered Baba's since I just moved from New Jersey.  One of the major things on my mind once I arrived was to find a good Filipino restaurant that will satisfy my need for some good 'home-cooked' Filipino food.  This is the place. Not only do you get very good food, you get the 'Tita' that hasn't seen you in years experience here.  She will make sure that your belly will be all happy and full. Amongst my favorites are the Singang na baboy and all the adobos.  The menu changes daily so be sure to ask Marissa for a menu that lists what is being served each day. No matter what you have, always finish it with their turon.
We used to send a co-worker here to pick up lunch. We had them (especially Marissa) on speed dial. And I know they dread when I'm the one calling because I'm not Filipino enough for them. LOL. We call and ask what's on the menu since it changes every so often but we always get crispy pata. Their version is different from what you'll normally see in Filipino restaurants - appearance-wise. Theirs is super puffy. Crispy pata is one of my favorite Filipino dishes. Fried, crispy porky goodness...mmmm...  The dipping sauce is great (soy sauce + vinegar+ jalapeno + onions)...I just gave away the recipe! Great! I'm banned from this place now.  CASH ONLY turo-turo (translation: turo = point). You point at the food you want and that's what they'll give you which is great if you're not super familiar with Filipino dishes. If you point with your lips, they'll love that! There are items such as crispy pata that's made to order.  Other things that are good here are: halo-halo, turon and pork BBQ. They're pretty generous with the stuff they put in their halo-halo (leche flan, ube,  beans, etc). The turon (bananas and jackfruit wrapped in wonton-like wrapper, fried and drizzled with caramelized sugar) is sweet and crispy. Filipino BBQ is totally different from what Americans know as BBQ.  The Filipino BBQ is on a stick and is marinated in soy sauce, calamansi/lemon, sugar and sometimes ketchup. Yum!  The first time I actually came here to eat, I was a bit shocked as to how small the place was but whatever. Pack it!
Good food at great prices!  Turo Turo style...so point at what you want. Some cooked to order items as well.   All of this was $7.99 :  Chicken Adobo (Wed-Sat). Very tasty! Super tender, fall off the bone...without an overly saturated Soy Sauce flavor like others I've had! Yum  Fried Fish. A bit on the dry side, but there was a lot of flavor in the fish...just watch for bones!  Sweet and Sour Meatballs (Wed). These were very sweet, but cooked well and overall tasty.  Complimentary soup and rice...interesting combination of potato and greens...good though!  I was offered more rice during my mea...It was not needed but appreciated :)  And to finish, the Halo Halo Special ($5). This was very good! Mix it all up, and you have a yummy treat :P  I am sure I will be back soon to try the other goodies!  Pics :
Great food. Great prices. Generous portions.  They don't use the crappy parts of the meat either.  The lady working was extremely nice.  She let me try the different entrees before buying.  She reminded me of all my Filipino friends' moms growing up.  The ONLY thing stopping me from giving it 5 stars is that it closes early (7 PM) and isn't open 7 days a week.
I was in the mode for somethng Filipino, had a taste for it. Wanted to share some with Phily Phil, So I placed an order for Bihon and some Lechon, and it was as tasty as I remembered. Glad to see a Filipino place so close to me, will be sure to visit it often.
2 star place. Few items in menu, small portions and looks like food is been seating there since this morning. Food wasn't that good either. But place was clean and have TFC.
Looking to kill my cravings and my cousin's cravings for Filipino food. I ordered   2x Kare kare,  32 oz Diniguan, large Lechon kawali, Palabok, and bihon total $66.24  I believe she was the owner and she was so friendly and welcoming. Unlike your typical Filipino restaurants here, look at you and look so disrespectful because I DON'T SPEAK TAGALOG!!! Not once she spoke to me in the native language, which was comforting for me.  I paid for my food and she offered a free dessert, so I got the cassava cake. I gave her $10 tip addition to my food and she said it's way too much, so she threw in another dessert, puto.   Well got home and we scarfed the food down... it was pretty good, not as good as my mom's diniguan... but it's doable. The Kare Kare and Lechon kawali was bomb. Bihon and Palabok were good. The 5 stars came for the desserts the PUTO, OMG I couldn't stop eating it, too bad I had to share. It was so moist and flavorable, coconut. I recommend the PUTO. I sure will be back.   This is the best Filipino restaurant on the Northside.
Excellent all around, not a bad thing on the menu.   Chicken skins were fresh and hot,  Sisig was great, the vinegar sauce is great over the rice.  I could drink the sauce all day.  Shrimp tempura,  crispy light, not Gray at all. Take a trip to the northwest and you will not be disappointed.  IN MY Justin Wilson voice"i guarantee
Crispy Pata= Heaven   The outside was perfect, crispy not Greasy at all.   The meat was cooked just so.  The dipping sauce was some of the best that I've ever had.  I could just drink the dipping sauce, the wife loves it over her rice.
My husband and I are obsessed with their Lechon Kawali. It's probably the crispiest we've had. We go there if we're craving for home-cooked Filipino meals and we always leave satisfied. The owners a very accommodating, too.
Disclaimer Alert...This review is strictly for their service, Shanghai Lumpia, and Halo-Halo.    That being said, I found Baba's to be 4 stars in my book.  First of all, service here is great.  I didn't get the owners names, but they treated us like family. One of the owners reminded me of my mom and couldn't help do what us sons of a Filipino moms do, that's joke with them a little.  She was game and did the same. As for their food, we didn't get to try much because they were out of almost everything.  Baba's on our visit was catering 3 parties at the time.  With only one person cooking in the back, this meant they were out of Chicken BBQ, Turon, and Chicken Adobo to name a few. But they still had their Halo-Halo and Shanghai Lumpia, which are my favorite Flip dishes.  As a Halo-Halo Hunter, I found that Baba's had pretty much everything I look for in Halo-Halo (i.e. Ube ice cream, legit ube, flan, white beans, and nata de coco).  One thing that was missing was red bean.  It was still good and found Baba's Halo-Halo up there with the challengers around town. Note to self...bring some red bean to make it perfect.  As for their Shanghai Lumpia, I thought that they were as good as it gets.  No one makes them better than my Auntie Heidi, but Baba's is pretty damn close.  I'm not saying I'm a Lumpia Hunter, but I am a Lumpia Whisperer.  Whispers..if they make them, I will come.  Come to eat Shanghai Lumpia that is.   Overall, I can see myself coming back.  This place is no secret.  Tons of regulars coming in and phoning in is proof that Baba's is some people's go-to Pinoy spot.  You don't have to be a Halo-Halo Hunter or even a Lumpia Whisperer to eat here. You just have to be a fan of Filipino food served by great business owners.  TIP:  Call ahead or pick up their menu.  Some items are served on specific days.  Shanghia Lumpia is all the time!!   YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (466/500)
Having been to the Philippines working on U.S. Military projects, I was used to ethnic Filipino cuisines while I was there decades ago.  I came to know that an old professional colleague of mine is now a Las Vegas resident and was quite surprised to received my unexpected call. With his directions, we eventually met at this Filipino restaurant for a quick lunch, for I intended to be driving back to LA afterwards that day.  However, the quick lunch turned out into a seemingly endless feast of Filipino cuisines and delicacies, as we talked about old times, the best of times, as well as the worst ones in the Philippines and in various countries we've been while deployed overseas.  I was glad I relented coming to Fiesta Filipina, instead of insisting for my friend to come over for buffet at the restaurant in my hotel.  Incidentally, the word "Fiesta" in Filipino language means feast, and that was really a sumptuous feast we had.  The next time I'll be in Vegas, I'll definitely come by this place near the southeast corner of Jones and Desert Inn.  And indeed, just like aged fine wines, old time friends are certainly considered the best.
Being Filipino, I can't live without my rice and "ulam" (main course)... so for those days that I want to reminisce about my lola's "kaldereta" or some great "sinigang', I will go to Fiesta Filipina.  When you first walk in you glance at the TV and hear the "TFC" channel playing in the background... it has a great ""homely" feel with bamboo-style decor.    This place is awesome when you are super hungry and are craving rice, and don't want to wait for your food to come.  It is "buffet" style behind the counter, meaning you point and pick what you want.  They always have a stack of barbecue sticks waiting for you.  But if you like, they also have dishes you can have made to order, like "palabok".  Awesome place to go and pick up food if you have relatives or friends in town and don't feel like cooking. ;)  You can order a la carte, or by combo; prices are affordable and reasonable, and the food is really good here.  So overall, 4 stars! =)
The filipino decor of this place is very welcoming!  The workers are friendly and the place is overall clean.  The food there is "turo-turo style" meaning "to point".  All the food is layed out on warmers and you just tell the worker what you want.   My favorite food there is their BBQ sticks!  There's just something about filipino BBQ sticks that just make them the best ever!  They have either pork or chicken.    I have noticed that this restaurant has too many pork dishes, more than any other type of meat.  I was hoping for chicken adobo but they usually only have pork, or pork sinigang instead of beef sinigang.  Also, I personally am a bit picky with where I get my dinaguan but decided to try it here one day.  It was a bit soup-y, where as I like the texture kinda thick, and there was not as much meat in it, it was whatever the thin, hard part of the pig is.      Overall, I am still a fan of this place.  But I will admit, I do mainly go here specifically for their BBQ sticks!
Great Crispy Pata - Best in town.  BBQ, Mungo, battered bangus is all top notch!!! Cheap prices, tasty Filipino food that is well worth the drive.  Decor and seating - needs a little freshening up.  Paper plates and plastic utensils fit the ambiance, but food is EXCELLENT!!
I went here once around lunch and it was not bad. I had some BBQ skewers and kare kare and both were cooked right. Definitely hit the spot and was quality.  However, I don't think it's good to grab later on in the day....a few days ago I stopped in starving...since I needed to get groceries at 168 and I'd pass out before I can make it home to make dinner. It was at night maybe around 7-8 and I don't think the food has been changed at all and didnt look fresh so I walked out and went to a sit down Chinese spot instead. Bummer. I have been craving filipino food, but not when it's not fresh.   So if I'm around early, I'll stop in for turo turo....if its late at night I'll have a go only on their cook to order crispy pata.....mmmm always a wonderful heart clogging treat and made to order palabok.
Noticed this on the way home from 168 Market, located down North and across the street. Place was decorated with native style furniture and bamboo accents. Typical Filipino Buffet style entrees. They got a good selection of tradtional Filipino eats and fairly priced combos/to go containers..  Sinigang na pork (soup/stew with vegetables and pork):  Good amount of pork with just the right amount of sour and salty broth flavor that's so heart-warming!  Caldereta (beef stew based on tomato sauce): Tender and Tasty pieces of Beef with its Succulent sauce makes for a Very Successful rendition of this dish!   Beef Steak (stir fried / boiled beef slices and onions): Explosive Flavors of garlic, lemon/ycitrusy sweet and soy sauce infused within the thin fall apart beef slices and sauteed onions. Extremely Tasty!  Crispy Pata (deep fried pig): How could this not taste good.. Crunchy, Chewy and Porky! Dip it in the soy/vinegar sauce and Enjoy!  2 Thumbs Up!! Pretty Good Filipino Restaurant!
Service sucks!!! Waited 45 minutes for our medium size lechon kawali to go, and it wasn't even good! Servers had extremely bad attiude! Should have just gone to salo salo.
Full disclosure - I'm not Filipino. However, my girlfriend is and I have eaten plenty of Filipino food over the years and I adore the food and the culture.  WOW. I have to say, I was really impressed with the food at this restaurant. I was quite impressed with the selection of traditional Filipino dishes.   Food: I got the Pork BBQ, Crispy Pata (deep fried pork leg), Sinigang and the fish chips of course. The serving sizes were very generous, affordable prices and most importantly DELICIOUS Filipino food!  Service: The staff was very nice and the owner made me feel like family.   Décor:  Is very cozy with that homey touch.  I can't wait to come back to this place (when I'm back in Vegas) for some good Filipino food. Scrumdiddlyumptious!!!!   A must try!
Out of all the buffet style Filipino Restaraunts in Vegas, Filipina Fiesta is my favorite.  Its clean, it smells good, the employees speak better english than other restaraunts, the decor is more appealing and the food presentation is wonderful.  I especially come to this location for the Sinigang, which is better than grandmas. Yes i said it, "better than grandmas!!!"  It's SUPER sour and filled with vegetables and meat.  The portions are worth more than the $5 it costs and they are not stingy on the rice!
of all filipino restaurants, this one of the few that i like. its pricier than most filipino fast food places but its still reasonable. they have cool filipino decor and their bbq is AMAZING. love love their bbq and fried banana lumpia. i think theyre always nice too so i'm not sure why some people had bad service lol overall, i think their quality is always consistent.
I work right next door to this place, I gotta tell yah my dislikes are the fact that they are tooooo pricey for filipino food.  lower your cost people.  I do love your halo-halo and chicharron bulaklak though.
Great place for a quick cheap meal. If your new to Filipino food, I would start off with the barbecue and pancit. If you're feeling more adventurous, try the dinuguan (blood stew) or balut (fertilized duck egg), if available. My mom still makes better dinuguan and pancit but this place is pretty good for price and convenience. I prefer to get take-out because sometimes they play terrible and depressing Filipino dramas on their TVs. The constant crying in the background is not appetizing.
The Panda Express of Filipino food......not bad but not extremely good...but hits the spot when you are in a hurry and want some not so healthy food =)  It's a pick and choose your meal type of place with an assortment of things I honestly can't identify.  My go to generally is the pancit (rice noodles) with bbq skewer(either pork/chicken)...just the way I like it low on vegetable, high on protein!  Other items that are good...the beef stew, some days much more tender than other days...so consistency is definitely a little off.    They have a huge assortment of fried goods....make sure you ask before you order...one onion-ring looking item turned out to be fried intenstine...phew....good thing I asked instead of frontin' like I knew what it was ;)  I like the turon....what is there not to like about a fried banana egg roll with a sugary glaze on top.
not coming back. tables are dirty, not maintained after customer leaves. food looks very fatty compared to other filipino restaurants. I couldn't even eat my kare kare because the ox part they gave me was all fat. this place is low quality.
I was planning on hitting up another Filipino fast food joint on sahara and found this instead.  It was definitely a blessing because this is the best one yet in Vegas.
My wife is Filipina, but I'm not a huge fan of Filipino food. I usually only like the Filipino food she cooks. However, I have to say that I really liked my food from Fiesta Filipina. My wife got pancit with BBQ and I got a two item combo. She sent me off to get it. I think I was the only non-Filipino there. I didn't recognize all of the items, so I had to point at things and ask what they were. I decided on banana leaves in coconut milk and kind of like a pork stew. I also got us fresh melon juice and some garlic peanuts.  Everything was very good. I have been to many Filipino restaurants with my wife, and this is hands down my favorite. The prices are very reasonable too. My wife is glad that I have found a Filipino restaurant I actually want to go back to.
Good lunch spot in Vegas.
Yummy Filipino food. Since I don't know how to cook that many Filipino dishes, Fiesta Filipino is the place to go. It's not quite like home cooking but close enough. I just love their Crispy Pata, probably one of my favorite dishes they make. I have been here a few times and finally got to try their Kare-Kare, it was just okay they over cooked the beef because it was dry and tasted a little burnt.
Over- priced for filipino food.  $17 for crispy pata, $2 for a BBQ stick.
I really thought I liked dish place prom when I used to go here. I'd like to gib it dat extra star but shumting ish holding me back.  I take the girl here for an after the gym treat. SMART. I got that itch that Filipinos get when they haven't eaten anything unhealthy in a minute. I talk her into going here so we can munch on chicharon bulaklak (deep fried pork intestines), lechon kawali (deep fried pork), and sinigang na baboy (a soup with pork and veges in a sour tamarind base). The bulaklak was ok. I had trouble finding the vinegar. Usually restaurants have a seasoned vinegar sauce ready to go. I had to make my own with whatever sauces and makings that they had on this small table. I had trouble looking for the secret sauce that makes all lechon just that much better. Mang Tomas!?! Where the pho'k are you?! I find it in a  weird container. The sinigan was up to par but wasn't nearly as good as the other restaurants around the way. Both me and the girl only liked the sinigan there.   Maybe it was an off day today or maybe I better get my eats at the other spots around the way. I'll give it one more try on these main items. Allthough their crispy pata is pretty on point here. I will give them that.  With that said, because of their crispy pata....  3.5 stars
Fiesta Filipina is one of my go to spots for Filipino food whenever I'm in Vegas.  I like the location, selection of food and overall atmosphere of the place.  Most Filipino restaurants in Vegas are on Maryland Parkway but this one is located on Jones Blvd. It's in at the corner of a small strip mall. I like this location because it's easy to find and get to. It's also not too crowded.  The place is small and cute. Their decor is very Filipino with welcome and goodbye signs in Tagalog. They have kawayan bamboo wood decor around. Their back wall has a neat collage of Filipino celebrities who have frequented the restaurant. There are flat screen TVs on both ends of the restaurant where people can enjoy the latest sport game on cable or something on  the Filipino channel.  This place is not a buffet, instead it is turo- turo (Tagalog for point point). There is a display of food ready to eat and you point to which dish you want. They have a vast selection of traditional Filipino foods like kare-kare (meat in peanut butter broth), caldereta (beef stew), Filipino bbq skewers (chicken and beef), beef steak (beef with onions), menudo (pork stew), sinagang ns isda (sour fish soup) and lumpia (Filipino egg rolls).  If you don't want anything from the ready made dishes,  they do have some items that you can order and they can prepare especially for you like crispy pata (fried pork). For drinks, they have Filipino cantaloupe juice and various sodas. They offer dessert too! They have halo halo (Filipino shaved ice) and turon (Filipino banana egg rolls).   On my last visit here, I tried the kare-kare, the chicken skewers,  the beef steak and the turon. The kare kare broth on top of the white rice was a winner. I also liked the tender chicken skewers that surprisingly had a spicy kick to it. The beef steak had lots of shredded beef with onions. This one was good but a bit oily. The turon was a nice treat at the end. Crispy and sweet, the turon is a good deal for a $1. Like my previous visits, I left happy and full! I also had plenty of left over to take to-go.  This is a good spot to go to for Filipino food in Vegas!
mediocre . . . . at best!!!
Unfortunately, the problem with this restaurant is that everything is precooked.  Went for dinner around 5:30 pm and the pancit was starting to dry out and the pork skewers were so hard and dry we had to wrestle them by hand trying to get them off the skewer.  Those were the only two things we had and we were very disappointed.  This place could be a lot better if dishes were made to order and unless they change we will not go back.
Fiesta Filipina (compared to 2 or 3 other Filipino food places we ate at in Vegas) turned out to be 1 of the better restaurants to go to in Vegas, for Pinoy food. I felt that the taste of the food here was 'closest' to home. I ordered fried milkfish with rice, & it tasted like the milkfish we eat in Pinas :) We went on a Sunday & most of the people eating there were Pinoy. It was packed, just like any other food place (on a Sunday) in Manila.
I grew up Filipino...or at least I tried to.  For $6 for a one scoop rice and 2 choice of items, it's pretty cheap. I had quite a few items from here before. Dinuguan, longanisa, kaldereta, and bistek. I would not get these again, why? It's so damn oily! Seriously, you can see the oil on top of it. Gross. I remember my parents making this kind of food for dinner and it wasn't oily at all.  I also had the pancit palabok and pancit guisado. Ehhh...it was just dry as if it was sitting waiting to be eaten since they've open.  Bottom line: aight Filipino food. I wouldn't come back here unless if I was desperate to get high blood pressure.
This is my favorite place to go to when I'm craving for Filipino food, and I'm not quite yet ready to head home from school.   I always get their 2-Item Combo since it's really cheap (around $6) for a lot of yummy food! I've tried their sinigang (ask for some soup on the side!), chicken/pork adobo, chicken & pork bbq, bistek, lumpiang shanghai, beef calderata, crispy pata, and their chicharon bulaklak. I've always left happy and full whenever I ate here or ordered food from here. The food does end up on the oily side though -- which is why this place only gets 4 stars.  My favorite here has GOT to be the crispy pata. Good for the tummy, bad for the arteries. Haha! I love eating crispy pata with just rice. Yum, yum, yum! I always bring my out-of-town peeps here!   Their place is clean and obviously their ambiance is very Filipino (duh!). I felt very "at home" here and their service is always nice and friendly.  Definitely going in for some more.. And more.. And more! :)
Been going to this place many times & I really love their foods.  BUT, an incident occurred last week that made me change my mind about this place.  A customer behind me complained that his BBQ chicken stick is cold.  He brought his whole plate to the counter and the server took the BBQ chicken out of the plate. She placed it back in the pan full of sauce with the other BBQ chicken sticks (ewww)! My sister & I looked at the server w/disgust!  Instead, of throwing the BBQ chicken stick that the customer probably touched and bit (how else would you know it's cold, right?), she mixed it up with rest of the chicken that other customers will order not knowing what just happened!  I never thought this food chain will be unsanitary!  We told them they should throw it away but they didn't do such. My sister & I will never eat here again!  Talk about cheap; they're being thrifty!!!
Avg filipino fast food. I grew up eating real filipino so the food is ok when u want something really quick and you dont want to cook urself
Wtheck happened to this place?!  :(  Been going here since I was a teen and I always make sure I visit when I am in town. Why because I loveee their chicken BBQ stick, kare kare, and turon. Lets just say the quality of food has gone DOWN!! The rice is so watery or in other words MALATA. This on its own makes you lose your appetite. My kare kare was full of bones! I mean come on!!! Now the turon is just ok but not as good as I remember. Truly sad that they have changed..oh well what can you do =\
It's clean most of the time I go there...but the other times I just get so disgusted out. The tables aren't cleaned properly and there's still so much mess from the previous person sitting there. However, the thing that keeps me going back is their pork BBQ and their crispy pata. Always cooked to perfection when I get it.
I hate rice, but there's is awesome!!!! Awesome food and so cheap $7.11 for two items of meat, two big scoops of rice and a can of pop!
Thought I'd try a new Filipino restaurant in town, but I left very disappointed.   Arrived at the restaurant and was immediatley greeted by the staff. We ordered the two meat plate wth pancit, pork adobo, and rice. When we asked for lumpia, we were told there was none left and to try again during lunch time. Next problem was that my girlfriend's pancit was cold, so the lady asked us if we wanted it microwaved. When we answered no she threw it in the trash, and gave us some more. The pancit was slightly warmer, but not much. The pork adobo was tasty, but all of the floating fat made me lose my appetite a bit. Rice was a little mushy but the banana lumpia was delicious! I also appreciate the lady not charging me the credit card fee to buy water.  The restaurant had plenty places to sit but there were some serious sanitary issues. When I went to throw our food away, I noticed both trash cans were overflowing with garbage! I could not believe it. And being honest, I had to use the restroom before I left. Unfortunately for me I had to go #2 and there was no toilet seat! Unacceptable!  Fiesta is a lot closer to me than other restaurants, with cheap prices and big portions. However, with all the sanitary issues we noticed, I'm skeptical.
My BF loves Filipino food- every time we're in this area, he mentions we should check this place out. But usually when he does so, it's right after I've picked up groceries at Jones Market, and we're headed home to cook.  When the rainy weather hit is this Friday, all I wanted to do after work was pick up a take out feast and curl up with Netflix. Naturally, this place came up as a dining option, and in we went to get as much as we could carry.  I've never had Filipino food, and once we walked in to the basic menu and tons of unlabeled food on display, BF confessed it had been years and he had no idea what to order. Which of course just means that we ordered nearly everything they offered: two of their two-meat plates with rice, and a bunch of other added-on take out containers of sauces and stews, plus this and that from their appetizers and desserts section, and we were out the door with a gigantic, packed bag of food for only $25.  Now, I have only a vague idea of what each item was, but I can tell you right now, it was ALL freaking delicious! The pork adobo and a beef stew dish were probably my favorites, the crispy pata was too indulgent for me, the eggroll-like things (I think they're called lumpia?) were downright sinful and had surprisingly little grease, the grilled skewers of chicken and beef were both very flavorful and not overly charred or burned, and the fried intestines were super salty for my tastes- but BF loved everything that I had the slightest hesitation about. There was a vegetable and shrimp crispy pancake thing that was just alright to me, but BF raved about, and I felt that way about the dessert we had- a skewer of round balls that looked like donut holes, had a chewy center, and a slight maple-syrup-like aftertaste.  Not only did we pig out for this meal (as evidenced above), but there was even enough left over that we actually saved some for later- almost unheard of for us. Knowing what we like here now will likely make future trips much cheaper- two 2-meat plates with rice for under $11 is amazing, and as long as I can have pork adobo for one of those, we're good to go!
Very nice staff. I like the place it's nice and big. The food was great specially the palabok and turon. They do take credit cards so need to worry if you don't have a cash.
This is the 2nd time I've been here and they ran out of BBQ sticks and Lechon Kawali by 5:30pm.  It's a popular item so they should continuously have it available from opening till close.  What a disappointment = \
Only had takeout that my friend would bring over, but never stopped in here.  Very chilly inside that night, not sure why the a/c was running so high, but when my friend finally showed up, the other dining area was blocked off with chairs and we couldn't sit there.  FF is like a Filipino Panda Express, where you point and choose.  The Laing (taro leaf, coconut milk, meat) was nicely done with a spicy kick.  Not sure what my other dish was, but it was a tasty combination of onions, pimentos, green olives, beef braised in a tomato-based sauce.  The requisite steamed rice was hot and fresh, the pancit passable.  Reason for two stars? If I hadn't been starving, I probably would have walked in and walked right back out. The place REALLY needs a good cleaning--people, just close for a day and freaking declutter and steam clean the whole place!!
I love this place. I used to live right down the street from it and would always get my food from them whenever I crave for Filipino food. I'm a Kapampangan, and early in life I was taught what good food taste like. Does this place taste like my grandma's legendary cooking? I've been working in professional kitchens for the past 6yrs, under really great chefs, and no one came close to my grandma. But their food is good enough, better than others actually. They specialize in Kapampangan food, and theirs are the most authentic Kapampangan food I've had in Vegas, aside from the ones we cook at home of course.   They have really good crispy pata, pancit bihon, bicol express, bistek, and lechon kawali. They even have karioka which my mom loves. The only negative thing I can say about this place is that they need to stick with the traditional Kapampangan halo-halo with pastillas and macapuno, instead of the Tagalog version, and  their pancit luglug/palabok needs more consistency and flavor; they need to readjust their sauce recipe and put more shrimp in it. Otherwise, it's a good place to go introduce your foreign friends to our cuisine and also to satisfy your Filipino food cravings,
Ok so I came to this place a few years back and I would have given it a 2 or 1 star review. But things have changed. I like that in a place where it improves. Now Filipino food is not for everyone. But there are things that white people go nuts for like our Lumpia(kinda like egg rolls) and chicken adobo. Fried rice, etc.....Ok so had the veggie lumpias. They were actually really good. This place also makes traditional dishes like kare kare and they make it with seafood(The best way to describe traditional kare kare is oxtail and peanut butter stew. It's actually one of my favorite dishes. My fam ordered the fried bangus(milkfish) and I usually don't eat it. But it wasn't bad....for a fishy fish...Ok so yea I know you guys are skirred. But seriously it's not that bad. I think our staple is our barbeque skewers( Yes beef, chicken or pork) and crispy pata. That's like pork roasted and deep fried to a crisp. Yes. Filipino PRIDE. Pride pish, pride chicken, pride rice! Gotta love it ;)
My good pal Damon just moved in to a new place across the street from the strip mall that houses Salo-Salo and we went to try it a few nights ago.  Now, I don't pretend to know much of anything about Filipino food.  I think this was only the 2nd or 3rd time in my life that I had it.  And it was good.  Nothing spectacular, but not bad either.  For an appetizer we got fishballs which our other dining companion, Alyson, and I let Damon eat by himself.  I wasn't feeling that brave.  For entrees, we got garlic rice, combo fried rice, pork and chicken skewers and Alyson got tortang hipon which can best be described as a shrimp omelet.   I really enjoyed the sauce on the chicken skewer.  It was sweet but not overpowering.  The garlic rice was OK, but the combo rice was awesome.  Alyson's tortang hipon must have been good because it was all gone.  The staff was pleasant, but service was slow, and we were sat in the back corner of our own room, which we jokingly named the White Folk Room.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if it's nearby it's worth a shot.  The price is right, too.
I feel like I'm back home :D
5 stars easily... this place beats out any other Filipino restaurant I have ever been to! I got the recommendation from a friend that frequents Vegas and was he dead on that this place would be a hit.  I forget what we ordered but it was off the hook! One of the best things is that it wasnt served all sloppy. The presentation of the seafood platter looked good.  I have to make sure I come here whenever im in Las Vegas!
who knew there was a Salo-Salo in Vegas???  I luv this place.    the vegas one is pretty nice.  makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.  service was actually ok.  usually filipino restaurants don't have the best service, but this place was ok.  my phone was dying so i had to bust out my tagalog and ask where i can plug my phone in.  they were nice about it and let me charge my phone near the kitchen behind one of the rice cookers.    it was about lunch time but i was cravin some filipino breakfast so i ordered the combo breakfast - longanisa, beef tapa, and pork tocino with some garlic fried rice.  excuse me while i wipe off my drool...  longanisa is this sausage thing... i hate eating it 'coz its super fatty and it makes you burp the longanisa taste all day long... even if u eat it for breakfast, you'll be burping it for dinner... but it's just so damn good!  the tapa and tocino are yummy too.  the garlic fried rice was ok.  the best part is the dessert. :)  there's no way i can eat at salo salo and not have halo halo [(from Tagalog halo, "mix") is a popular Filipino dessert that is a mixture of shaved ice and milk to which are added various boiled sweet beans and fruits, and served cold in a tall glass or bowl.]  it would just be wrong to not have halo halo there.    ok... i'm cravin it even more now....
My first experience with Filipino food..this place was suggested by a Filipino coworker of mine.   So we decided to give this place a shot after having more than a few beverages at the Freakin Frog.  I got the chicken adobo which was very tasty...hard to describe the taste..almost like a garlic kinda gravy but the chicken thigh almost had a turkey quality to it..maybe it was the beer talking but that's what it seemed like and it was damn good.  For $1 extra, I got a beef soup and a bunch of mini egg rolls so the total came to $9.95 for a huge meal.  My wife got an awesome combo platter which included bbq pork, beef, chicken and red snapper (skip the red snapper if you go) which also came w/ rice and egg rolls all for $8.95!!  A steal!!    The setup of the place is pretty nice too.  Almost has an islandy/vacation feel to it if the front blinds are down and you're not looking at the cars going by on Jones :P  Super friendly staff that helped/suggested a bunch of different things for us to try too.
Good friend of mine eats there regularly and took me there once while I was in Vegas. The food is good. It's a good place for someone new to Filipino food. The chicken adobo is what I usually get and is great for someone starting out with this cuisine.
Calamansi juice is the best refreshment on a hot Vegas morning.  Mmmm.  My fam and I ordered that variety platter of grilled meat - pork, beef, chicken.  Delicious!!  I especially love the fact that they have all the dipping sauces Filipino's need - namely, the soy sauce and vinegar.  Yum!  We also ordered some soup and the pork chops.  I was in heaven.  Why didn't anyone ever tell me about this place before??  My dad ordered the halo-halo, which he was impressed with.  I loved that there was a scoop of ube ice cream - I never see that here!  Also, we tried their special dessert - Turon Delight.  It's basically turon (fried banana dumpling) topped with ice cream.  It was good and just enough for 3 of us to split!  Service is fast and friendly...and it got pretty packed about half an hour after opening.  (They open at 11am on Saturday, btw.  My fam and I were sitting in the car, waiting for them to open.  How sad.)  Oh!  And they serve breakfast all day!!  Chorizo, scrambled eggs and rice anytime you want it??  Nothing beats that!
i like their torta....... half like their sinigang.......
Oh heck yeah I'm a fan.  How can you go wrong with deep fried food? Rhetorical question.  Please don't answer that.  There was an episode of the Simpson's where Moe decides to convert his bar to a restaurant and purchases a military grade deep fryer. In one scene, they show a complete meal (entree, salad, wine glass, flower in mini-vase all sitting on a tray) being lowered into this scalding hot vat of oil and coming out all crispy golden.  That's what I had!  And it was all good: fried chicken, fried pork, fried ribs, fried rice, fried fork, fried drinking glass, all served with a side of lechon sauce and/or banana ketchup.  After my meal here, I had to eat salad for a week, but it was worth it.  And once I've fully drained all this oil out of my system, I'm going back for more -- I'm talking at least a couple months.  See you guys in December.
Finally something else besides the buffets! After many delays to try the Artesia location and having to move back to the Bay Area, I ended up here with my family. It's not that far off the strip, and yes its in the middle of Chinatown/Spring Mountain Road.   Wasn't busy at all considering we showed up at 2:30 on a Wednesday afternoon. Prices were pretty reasonable too. Between my family, we shared miki bihon, sisig, fried calamari, crispy pata, kare kare, and steamed rice. The miki bihon was a little dry, but it had some flavor to it at least. The fried calamari was a little too crispy. Not the best I've had, but pretty decent. Their sisig was clutch though. It came out on the sizzling plate with two slices of lime on the side, and it was cooked perfectly. The crispy pata was amazing as well, yet at most other Filipino restaurants I've been to they never mess that one up.   If you're not up for a la carte, they have rice plates that range from $6-$8, and they all have silog platters as well if you're craving breakfast food. Our bill came out to a little over $51, and that's actually decent since some places tend to overcharge. All you Filipino food lovers should look into this place when you're tired of the eating somewhere on the strip. Trust.
Lunch is 4.0 stars. Banquet Room is 1.0 stars. Average is 2.5, rounding down to 2.0 because our catered event really sucked with a $3300 price tag.  The lunch  4.0 stars  When I want to eat at a sit down Filipino food in Vegas, not at a turo-turo style, Salo Salo is an obvious choice.They're known for good food and a clean restaurant.  They're definitely a much better lunch and dinner restaurant than a special events catering facility.    At Lunch:  For the price $9-12 dollars for most lunch specials, you get pretty good food. Their wait persons are very nice.  The food is authentic and fresh, and the presentation is good.  There are lots of families inside this open type of layout so it's kind of loud and lively. The five of us tried many different dishes including the sinigang, kare kare, lichon, pansit, fried seafood. and all were pretty good.     Of course my extroverted sister, like always, made friends with the table to our right.  Next thing we know, they're trying out some of our stuff and vice versa.  I was too full to try anything else, though. There's something about Filipinos around the table sharing food and conversation. Actually I was saving up for their delicious bibinka.    One thing I didn't like was their  pansit, the noodle dish. Theirs had way too much fish sauce.  I guess I'm used to my mom's home made version which has more flavor with only a tad fish sauce.. Salo Salo's desserts are overall good, esp. their excellent bibingka baked in banana leaf.  IMO this is the best thing they make.  I also like their halo halo.    The banquet room  1.0 star  We liked their lunch food enough that we decided to have my parents' anniversary party there. Turns out, that wasn't such a good idea. As a banquet venue, they were below expectations.  It cost about $33 a person and there were about 100 of us.  For that, we got their pre-cooked bland lumpia and pansit, white rice, and three entrees cooked in bulk and kept lukewarm, sort of  It was buffet style, I thought there would be more entrees. Nope  We got our own room, but it was not well appointed as the main restaurant. It was like being put in the spare storage room with sparse decorations.   We did get "entertainment" however.  Well, sort of.  He was a DJ and singer, supposedly.  The most recent song he played as a DJ was Cher's "Believe'. We had our party in 2008, and that Cher song was around 2000? We did like some of the old disco tunes.  But with 1/3 of the attendees under  30, we wanted to hear Hip Hop and modern dance music.  He didn't have any hip hop or rap songs as a DJ in Vegas? What's up with that?. As far as his singing: he could sing okay over his too much echo karaoke machine.    IMO it was NOT worth the   $33 dollars a person.   Most places give you that rate with a sit down dinner in a really nice venue. It would have been better for all 100 of us of us to have gone to the regular restaurant and ordered dinner individually.
Thanks to Yelp and my fellow Yelpers, my reviews are rarely negative and in the case of Salo Salo Grill, this is no exception!  On our weekend trip to Las Vegas, I woke my husband up one early Saturday to prep him for lunchtime.  The question of what to eat went on for all of 10 minutes before I made an executive decision and said we were having Filipino food.  So off to Salo Salo Grill!  It was very easy to find, located in a strip mall about 10 minutes away from our hotel.  Scene: KID IN A CANDY STORE!!  That's what I felt like when I looked at the menu.  We had to pare down our list because there was no way we can eat that much food.  We still over-ordered but our server took the orders without flinching.  Bulalo Soup - Beautifully stewed beef shank, tender and pure with fresh bok choy.  Fried garlic garnish finished the soup perfectly. Palabok - Standard but still one of my favorite Filipino dishes.  I was happy to see it was the version that came topped with sauce and long noodles rather than the short fat noodles with the sauce stirred in already. Crispy Pata - A little too over-fried but the pork hock was delicious nonetheless.  The vinegar sauce was a great complement.  My hubby couldn't resist picking up the bone to gnaw off as much crispy meat as he could. Kare-Kare - I'm always used to other places cheaping out on the oxtail but these guys spared no expense.  I counted 4 or 5 pieces of oxtail along with tripe and green beans, eggplant and bok choy.  The housemade bagoong was complex, briny and delicious. Sizzling Sisig - This was probably our biggest disappointment.  It didn't sizzle and that was probably due to the vast amount of liquid the pork was sitting in.  However, the pork still tasted delicious and was very tender. Garlic Fried Rice - It'd be tough to mess this up.  Super tasty although we couldn't eat much of it.  We ended up packing the kare kare, garlic fried rice and sisig to go to snack on in our hotel room later tonight.    But in the meantime, we ordered some halo halo for dessert.  The first bite of ube ice cream and shaved ice flashed me back to high school on Guam when we would have halo halo parties (healthy, wholesome, lotsa of sugar but no booze).  My favorite part is drinking it after all the fruit and beans are eaten.  What a great way to stop off our meal!!  Service was attentive with servers checking on us and offering us drink refills every few minutes.  Hubby and I had to ROLL ourselves out of the restaurant, groaning merrily all the way back to our hotel.
This is a nice looking place that is right up the road serving Filipino food.  I was having a craving for dinuguan aka dinardaraan for the Ilocanos(I don't know how you spell that but its blood meat aka chocolate meat) so I looked up nearby Filipino places.  I choose this one because it was right up the road.  Unfortunately for me they didn't have what I wanted on their menu.  I guess its not a main stream dish and most younger generation Americanized Filipinos don't eat it anymore.   Anyway, I settled for some Lichon.  It was good, and the garlic rice that came with if was just like mom used to make.  There was a fair amount of oil going on, but it's Lichon.  That's just the way it goes.  I wish that some of the other traditional foods made it onto the menu.  So as good as the food is I think I'll keep looking for other restaurants.  You know, even goldilocks serves dinuguan.    Service wise, this place was OK.  I don't know if it's because I don't look Filipino or what (I'm half white) but the waitress seemed a little nervous talking to us.  For a second she tried to speak Filipino to my Korean girl friend.  They were very nice there though.  I guess I've just become accustom to the louder in your face servers at most Vegas restaurants.
Food is ok.
its a nice restaurant! variety of choices. i believe the price is reasonable and the food is alright. when youre hungryyy its great. definitely one of my food joints in vegas
Hubby and I revisited this place on our trip to Vegas last weekend.  After the sheen of newness wore off, we were able to judge the food with fewer stars in our eyes.   This time we were a little more conservative with our amount of food.  We went with:  Beef Mami - noodle soup with beef shank.  The beef shank was tender with the right amount of bite.  Delicious with the vinegar sauce.  The dish itself was rather bland and unremarkable. Garlic Rice - a delicoius staple, can't go wrong with this. Grilled Mussels - This was hubby's request.  I had one and stayed away.  The mussels didn't taste particularly fresh and, to me, very fishy.  Hubby who is a great fan of mussels did not compliment it either. Kare Kare - I love this dish because 1.) it comes with bagoong which has to be one of my favorite condiemnts in the world.  and 2.) they actually give you a good amount of oxtail.  The tripe is plentiful as well but not as enticing to eat because they use huge pieces instead of cutting them down Grilled Eggplant - This was a cheap side dish which I think was totally worth the $3 we paid.  I don't know if they really smoked it or just used liquid smoke but it the heady smokey flavor was delicious, especially when paired with the accompanying bagoong.  Did I mention the bagoong is house made and a pleasant pink color?  It's also not over salty like the commercial variety. Halo halo - can't mess this up.  Ok I guess you can but we haven't had a messed up halo halo yet.  This was delicious as always.  Wish they give you more ube ice cream though.  If we weren't desperate for Filipino food (not much to be had in Orange County), we probably wouldn't come here when we're in Vegas.  We wanted a nice sit down place (as opposed to a fast food place) with decent service.  But we jones for Filipino food and so we come here.
I'm glad Salo-Salo doesn't judge me.    For what...you wonder?  Busting up in there for lunch two days in a row!    Believe me, I thought the waitresses were going to give me a look of disappointment and surprise when we walked in.  I mean, who goes to the same restaurant two days in a row?  Apparently, Olia H. and I do.   In Vegas.   Who can turn down awesome Filipino food?  You see, I fell in love with this place last August.   Since then, I vowed that I would try the 'all-day breakfast' that the menu offered.  If you know me, you're aware of my obsession of eggs, rice and longaniza/tocino.  That honestly would be my last meal.  *drool*  For $8, Salo-Salo serves up a heaping pile of garlic fried rice, eggs and yummy grilled meat (either longaniza, tocino or inihaw baboy).  I also decided to order some lumpia because...why not?  It was the best way to start Day #2 in Vegas.    So good, in fact, that Olia H. and I came to the quick agreement Sunday morning that we'd go back there.  This time, Olia H.ordered the lechon (crispy skin goodness) and was first introduced to the delicious 'all-purpose' lechon sauce.  Yes, you can put that sauce on anything and it will make it automatically taste better.    Added bonus: Realizing how homey Salo-Salo is.  Various families were in the restaurant, reading the Sunday paper, not saying a word to each other.  Sounds pretty much like the Sundays of my childhood.  Hehe.
This reveiw is for the catering food to go only  I recently went to an anniversary party in town, and they chose to get their food catered from Salo Salo. We walked into the restaurant at 3:00 PM on a Saturday, and there were surprisingly four parties dining in. But we were here to pick up our phone order items: There were supposedly 15 people expected to attend, but somehow we ended up with 25-30 guests in staggered fashion.  And the food was still too much. Here is the stuff we got::  - large order of meat only lumpia, with no veggies inside - an order of skewered chicken, beef, and pork - a fried seafood platter  with whole Milkfish (Bangus), fried calamari rings, fried shrimp, and fried mussel with two whole fried eggplant,garnish.   - meat lover's BBQ special platter (chicken pieces, BBQ bistec, BBQ pork ribs.  - lechon kawali (cubed and seasoned fried pork with crispy texture and crispy skin with we Filipinos treasure), served with an all purpose sauce - large order of pansit (glass noodle pasta with chicken, shrimp, and pork. )  Our order was ready right at the time it was promised, and it was  fairly well packed to travel on the road. They made sure the crisply lumpia had holes in cover, and it was only 3/4 covered so that it would be vented properly and not all spill out.  The food was a hit.  Everyone, me included, thought the food tasted really good.  The two dishes I didn't like too much were the lumpia which reminds me of institutional style food and the pansit which had way too much patis (fish sauce) for my taste. Guests brought some other stuff, including lots of white rice, green salad, and steamed winter veggies.  My mom made some some homemade desserts (bibngka, a baked casava coconut milk cake, suman, a sweet rice and brown sugar coconut milk mixture which is baked and topped with brown sugar glaze, and creamy fruit salad with some tropical fruit and young coconut.).   Most of the Filipinos in this party, including the older adults, are fairly skinny or average in weight (I'm getting a gut, however).  The food was only half eaten two hours after the 3:30 PM dinner start time.  How were we to finish this food?  Well, thankfully, the reinforcements came. They included my two half Samoan nephews and their father and another older nephew Mike who is 5'11 and 220 pounds.  They mowed down an additional third of the food between them.  My 14 year old nephew is 5'10" and big enough to be a high school linebacker (which I think he is).  Mike is a former HS linebacker also.  No wasted food here!  The Food from Salo Salo, except for their subpar banquet, is delicious, and it's no wonder they have a lot of fans. In a sea of Filipino buffets, they stand out as a very good sit down restaurant and food to go operation.
I'm impressed with this location...a sit down place, not fast food, friendly staff, nice atmosphere, and of course really good food. We ordered a platter to share, for $38 you can pick 7 different meats and 2 sides from a list. We also ordered bagoong fried rice, adobo fried rice and halo halo.    For the platter we ordered crispy pata, lechon kawali, pork BBQ, lechon rib, pork tocino, grilled pork (double order), grilled talong and adobong kangkong.   The hits:  The tocino is ridiculous!! I am in love with that. Lechon kawali, soft meat with crunchy skin...just eat around the fat. The bagoong fried rice is tasty, try this for a new take on fried rice. Crispy pata, always a must in any Filipino restaurant.   The misses: Some dishes are ok, not spectacular...but Im happy to report, no misses =)  This location is great and we left there with full tummies and a great big smile on our faces.   Tip: check out the mini Bahay kubo-ish structure out front for a great photo-op. It looks like u were just transported in a province in the Philippines. (just don't include the cars in the parking lot in your pic) =}
Thank you google maps and GPS nav as I would never venture outside the Vegas strip without it. I was able to find some decent pinoy restaurants (as well as a pinoy bakery and grocery store in Sin City). Gonna visit the strip this spring break and will be stopping by Salo-Salo Grill once again. The food here is great - granted pricey for filipino food. Try the sisig, it's awesome!
Food was good not great and the service was terrible. Came here on a Saturday night. The place wasn't packed but all the tables were taken. After waiting a few minutes we were seated.  We placed our order and it took a long time for us to get our food. Really long.   We ordered some bbq and seafood platter. When we got our food, some of it was cold. For some reason, the bbq skewers were inedible. Disgusting! I also thought that we got meager portions for our kare kare. The oxtail was really small and the dish mostly had veggies and tripe in there.  What made it worse was that our waitress was running around with her head cut off. She even gave us another table's entree. It was hard to track someone down for water refills too. This is the last time I'll eat here.
So it was our last night in Vegas and my two friends and i tell me about this place from one of theirparents. There's an actual traditional bamboo hut outside their store and it's really cool. Inside is really small and the portions of their food was really big. I got the breakfast platter with longanisa and it was only $6.95!!! it had 4 pieces of longanisa that looked grilled and were butterflyed out, 2 large scoopsof garlic fried rice, and scrambled eggs. By the time I was full, i look like i had not eaten anything. Sinigang was really tasty and their lechon kawali was on point!
I dont usually tip over $5, but this time $5 is all worth it. I'm really hooked with  this place. Foods are great, friendly staff. A very reasonable price. We ordered crispy pata, bbq pork, bbq shrimp, salab mango for the platter. A plate of garlic fried rice can share it with 3 people, a bowl of sinigang na bangus boneless (must try, super delish) sago at gulaman, buko juice for refreshment. I was so full till dinner time. Try it for a new vegas food experience outside the strip.
I havent eaten much Filipino over the years but I have had enough to I think to give a decent review.  I came to Salo-Salo with high hopes.  It had been recommended by a few Filipino associates and as the proverbial "Gringo" among them, who was I to argue with their opinion?  Well maybe my white boy genetics prevented me from savoring it at the same level they seem to.  While everything at Salo-Salo was tasty, I found each dish did what it had to and nothing more.   We arrived earlier in the evening and had most of the restaurant to ourselves.  Service was prompt and we sat on their front patio/atrium (its indoors).  I was all prepared to order a San Miguel Beer which is the Filipino national beers, when our waitress informed me of some tragic news: They dont serve alcohol.  I had to recover from this stomach blow and in my confusion I selected a coconut juice drink.  It was fine, but minimal in size and not really the appropriate compliment to what food was going to be forthcoming.    As for the food, we HAD to order the Chicken Adobo.  Not ordering that is like going to New Orleans and not having a biegnet or Hurricane drink.  We also ordered Palabok, which are noodles topped in a fish gravy and then covered with pork rinds.  Finally, we got some Vegetable Limpia which is a type of spring roll.   The presentation of all the dishes was pleasant but once I dug in, I noticed a common theme..........Salt!!!!!!  Salt is a critical component to all cooking but when I taste it in abundance I feel its the hallmark of a lazy kitchen.  Rather than expertly prepare their array of spices, many kitchens will just add salt to give a dish some flavor.  I kind of felt that was the case here and thats tragic because the chicken was tender and juicy and the noodles were expertly cooked.  The limpia had fresh vegetables but all the sauces that accompanied the dishes was just way to salty.  See why the beer would have come in handy now?  Prices were all very reasonable and the portions were generous.  I feel that Salo-Salo has in it the makings of a fine restaurant, they just need to want to take it to another level.  Then again, the Filipino's I know seem to love it, so why should they change?  Perhaps its this discontinuity why Filipino food has yet to take off and really make it mainstream.  Until that happens, Salo Salo is a fine enough place for this type of ethnic food, but dont expect to see Anthony Bourdain in here anytime soon.  PS- There are 2 locations in Southern California as well.
Salo-Salo Grill is an impressive Filipino restaurant. If you know Filipino cuisine, you know that most dishes take at least an hour to cook and it varies from province to province. In addition, it's not as aesthetically pleasing to eye as other foods. However, the Salo-Salo Grill turned that perception around for me.   The first thing I noticed was that it was a sit-down restaurant and the ambiance consisted of warm toned walls jeweled with traditional art which stands out from a lot of Filipino restaurants I've been to. Second, the food was served in an appealing manner. I ordered the Laing which is a coconut based soup/stew and light pink/purple in color but it was served in a bowl lined with banana leaves which boosted the aesthetics. Best of all, the food was really good and as good as my mom's cooking if not better. Don't tell her I said that though!  The only con, during our second visit it took about 30 minutes for us to get our food. However, the first time we went there were only two other tables occupied and the second time the whole restaurant was filled and there were a lot of people waiting to be seated.
Highly recommended! Never go wrong with the barbecue platter!
dude! it's like flying to the Philippines real quick and eating with the family minus the shared banana leaves for plates.    the family is here for the summer and feeding 15 can get incredibly expensive, so family style is definitely the way to go.  the platters are hooked up.  we ordered 3 platters, sinigang, 3 orders of bagoong fried rice, and pancit, and still took enough food home to feed everyone the next day for under 200 bucks.  everything tastes authentic and yummy.. totally brings it all back with  the decor and all.   like it! will be frequenting it even when the fam goes home!
The food and service was good. I highly recommend the pork skewers and the adobo fried rice. The food price is reasonable. Salo Salo will not break your piggy bank.
It's really one of the only Filipino eateries that isn't "turo turo," meaning that you just point at the foods that you want. It's a small, cozy sit down restaurant. Although, the layout of the restaurant is kind of strange. It's separated into three dining areas - which just makes the place seem smaller than it is.   Salo-Salo has pretty decent Filipino food - almost up to the level of what you would find in your mother's kitchen. They even offer foods that you can't get at most other turo turo Filipino restaurants, CRISPY PATA !!! They also serve breakfast all day, which is always a plus. Although, i says you get coffee or tea with the breakfast - and I have yet to receive any the few times I've ordered breakfast. The prices are good, especially compared to the amount of food received. Except maybe for their specialty drinks. $2.95 for a very small glass of calamansi juice? C'mon, at least give one refill, especially considering the size of the glass.   If my review was based on the food alone, I probably would've rated the place higher. But, the service there needs to be worked on. Some nights are better than others, but for the most part - service is very slow. It takes them about the same amount of time to get you your bill, as it takes you to actually eat your meal.   So, if you're craving Filipino food or even a first timer, this is a great place to go - of course, only if you can put up with the horribly slow service.
One of the few Filipino eateries that has put much thought to is interior atmosphere, showcasing traditional furniture and finish making it feel as if you were actually dining on a Philippine Island restaurant.   Bulalo Soup: beef shank with bokchoy - Broth was sorta bland, I felt it was missing something.. the beef on the medium-firm side and bokchoy was decent  Sinigang Soup: tamarind and tomato based broth with vegetables - Had some sourness to the soup, how it should be. I chose to include Tadyang (pork spareribs) and Liempo (pork belly), both were the stars of the dish!  Chicken Adobo: boneless chicken fillet in sauce  - Terrific flavor, different from what I'm used to yet it was a positive change from my family's home cooking.   Beefsteak Tagalog: beef slices with gravy and sauteed onions  - Thicker gravy than the typical more watered down sauce, onions were as expected and it had a hint of salty/fishy flavor to it. Not bad, for me it was a new version of this dish   Melon Juice: fresh cantaloupe strings and juice  - I love chewing on the fruit and sipping on the juice at the same time!   Calamansi Juice: Filipino lemonade  - Its got tart from a lemon and sweetness from an orange/tangerine. they don't make it from scratch, its concentrated but still citrusly refreshing!  I'm pretty picking when it comes to Filipino Food and Overall the food was Good, value was fair, service was decent and ambiance was warm and homey.
This is one of the few Filipino restaurants I like. This is because (1) my Grandma (my mother's mother was Kapangpangan) was such a great cook; it's hard to find something close, without getting so darn greasy (yuck! like, Goldilocks is on the greasy side) and (2) I am picky with Filipino food to begin with, because I don't eat all kinds of meat/fat/skin which eliminates lots of dishes (I've been cutting the fat off meat since I was a kid). We've gone here several times for lunch, with my family, but it's been a while.   The ambiance is nice (seeing as the majority of Filipino restraurants are fast food type places or buffets)- did you notice the hut outside the restaurant? Is it still there? Well, the service was generally good, but slow, at times. The staff was pleasant, never rude.
Food was actually good here, i USED to go here with my family all the timee, until they served my dad with bad/ "Bulok" crab, lols. It would have been fine if they handled it professionally and politely, but their waitress is just oh soooo RUDE! really bad service. If a customer is complaining about something you served and the customer is completely right with the bad food you served them in front of your face..DONT argue with the customer..  We have not gone back to this place after that incident, plus it is ridiculously frustrating to have them give you dirty looks whenever you ask for a glass of water or something else.   Such a waste... im pretty sure you'll find other great filipino restaurants in Vegas without having to deal with snobby servers.
Love the all day breakfast.  The pancit has bits of ham/bacon, which you can't go wrong, but an unexpected flavor.    The kare kare is also good.  Try to save room for the halo halo, which is a meal in itself.
I really like this place, but it is pricier than I would like to pay for Filipino food. My fiance and I usually order:  Beef Tapa Pork Tocino Garlic Fried Rice  But I have also had their:  Crispy Pata Boneless Bangus Sisig Pinakbet Tilapia  The food is quite good. Definitely good on the standard of  home-made filipino food. I may be bias though, since I am Filipino, and can make such food at home for cheaper. But for those who do not cook or have filipino food on a regular basis, this is a good place to go!
both of my parents are amazing cooks, so i usu. don't go out and eat at filipino restaurants but this place is one of the few that i like along w/ Fiesta Filipina...but yeah, salo salo grill is more of a sit down place. their entrees are delicious and they're good price. they just charge alot for speacialty drinks though w/ no refills, so that's a minus. the place look really cool w/ their filipino decor and they have that bahay kubo hut outside lol
My favorite Filipino restaurant in Vegas, that's all!
Wasn't certain of the different pancit choices and the server was honest that the one we going to order - the Palabok (shrimp sauce and pork rinds - as one of the other reviewers mentioned it) would be pretty dry and his recommendation was the miki-bihon which had two different noodles (egg and rice) with chinese sausage, shrimp and vegetables.  The menu said it would come with fish balls, but it came instead with pork and a half an egg.    We also ordered the chicken adobo - which the menu read it'd be in a sizzling sauce - but it just came in a bowl.  It was mostly dark meat which I actually prefer but my niece was hoping for more white.  The sauce was very yummy but that's what I expected as I laddled it over my rice :)  The last dish - which ended up being way too much food for three people - was the Relyeno Bangus which is a pan fried whole milkfish which they completed gutted and deboned and mixed the fish with onions and some other ingredients which again was different than what their menu stated - however, incredibly yummy and flavorful.    I'd love to come back as the restaurant has an open seating area that they can open the windows which would give the feeling of outdoor dining when it's nice out.  We were there in the middle of the day on Saturday and there were tons of people carrying out cater orders which was nice to see.  I'd love to come back with a larger group so we can try more yummy things.  Two things  - didn't expect is this place is a franchise as it seems very family oriented and the prices online are different - and ask the server to leave a pitcher of water (or whatever you're drinking) on the table as we had too many empty glasses too many times.
servings are huge... actually in platters and their menu is so reasonably priced!  great food... comfort food esp. family style =)
I like that there is a sit down Filipino restaurant that not "buffet style" like you find at most of the Filipino restaurants in the valley.    Among the things I've tried there include:           Sinigang o   Not sour enough for my taste and tasted a bit "off" to me.  Still OK and the beef was tender, which I liked.            Kare Kare o   The kare kare here is really good.  Needs to be served with more meat though!            Palabok o   Disappointed that this was the kind with the thin noodles.  I prefer the thick kind.            Halo Halo o   Too watery for me.  Pales in comparison to my fav found at Red Ribbon.   Service isn't that really top notch.  I came with my family (there were 5 of us) and I asked to sit and a larger table.  They said no and that it was reserved, but no one sat there the entire time.    My parents rave about the huge platter of meat, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet.  Next time!  They seem to like it there... but in my opinion, there is much better out there for the price.    I appreciate that this is a sit down Filipino place.  Food is just OK from my experience though (but I don't doubt that I'll be back, especially when there's family in town!)
Salo Salo is a great Filipino place to eat dinner with friends and family while in Vegas. They have plenty of seating, the restaurant is clean and they have good service and food. They also have good hours. Weeknights they close at 9:30pm and Fridays and weekends at 10:00pm.   On a recent visit here, I came with a party of four and we ordered:  kare kare (meat and veggies in peanut butter broth), sinigang soup  (a sour soup with tamarind and meat), bangus (fried boneless milk fish), crispy pata (fried pork) and turon delight (banana egg rolls with Filipino ice cream).   At the beginning of the meal, they give free garlic peanuts. This is always good and a nice start to the meal. (There are garlic peanuts for sale if you like the sample that they give).   The kare kare was one of the first dishes served and I liked the presentation of the kare kare because they put this in a traditional Filipino palayok or clay pot. It comes out nice and hot and the peanut butter broth is perfect for topping off the rice. There was plenty of veggies in this in terms of eggplant and greens. The veggies and the broth is always my favorite for kare kare. I did notice their didn't seem to be a lot of meat in this though. (The veggies for me are the best part anyways).   The sinigang soup was nice and sour and had a fair share of veggies and tomato. I liked sipping on the warm soup and it was also nice to top this on the rice along with the meat that was inside the soup. The meat they put in this though could have been a little bit leaner.   The bangus fish they served was huge! I think our party only got through a quarter of the fish!   The crispy pata was good. It was fried just right and was not to hard. It's good to match this with kare kare or sinigang. I also liked dipping the crispy pata in the vinegar dipping sauce that they provide.   The turon delight was our dessert. Their turon delight is mini banana egg rolls (maybe about 8?) and then in the middle is some ice cream. The ice cream is a Filipino ice cream flavor - the night when we had it I believe it was jack fruit. This is one nice, sweet Filipino treat.   I love all the traditional Filipino meals at Salo Salo and I also love how the whole restaurant has a traditional Filipino feel to it. They have decor that is very Filipino - Filipino paintings, wooden seats and tables. It is all prominently Filipino and makes a wonderful ambiance for enjoying a good Filipino meal.
food was good, not great but the service probably could've been a little better, I understand service will not be great at a casual dining restaurant but the food took really long and I felt like they were trying to rush us to get out afterwards...one or the other, either be slow on service and expect us to stay a while or be a quick service restaurant where we are expected to go in and get the hell out.  *I will come back though when craving filipino food though!
Whatever you do, get the Adobo Fried Rice here.  It was the first time I tried adobo style fried rice and it was good!  Actually, most of the food here was good.  My only exception would probably be the Chicken Adobo which wasn't bad or anything, but it just wasn't as good as other chicken adobo's I've had before.  The portions here are generous and the environment...well, a lot better than most Filipino restaurants outside of a resort in the Philippines.  It's clean here, and a nice sit down and dine restaurant.  We ordered the following: Chicken Adobo, $7.95, -OK Miki-Bihon, $7.95, -Good Ala Carte Lechon Kawali, $8.95, -Excellent Ox Kare Kare, $10.95, -Good Adobo Fried Rice, $6.95, -Ridiculously Good  Salo-Salo Grill is a little pricier when you compare it with the Filipino buffets in Vegas, but the food and look of the restaurant make up for it.  Plus, they have a little hut outside, in the parking area, where you can smoke.  How Filipino is that?  Customer service was OK despite the other reviews I read about it being not to good.  I didn't like the fact that the waitress stood next to our table though when she dropped off the check.  She stayed there till we put out the payment, a 'hunny'.  It was annoying!  Someone from my table said it's just the way some of us from certain islands are...I don't know which island she was referring about but it still irritated me nonetheless.
Went to Vegas for a family vacation and my uncles were craving Filipino food. We went on a Thursday so It wasn't busy at all. Parking was easy and it was easy to find.  Favorites: Bagoong fried rice is a must have! Tapa  Tocino Calamari Melon Juice Halo-Halo was good also!  The portions are huge. Definitely a family style type of restaurant. Will come back here again someday:)
This place is really good! Definitely go here if you want:  -Quality and DELICIOUS Filipino food (just like from home) -Friendly service -A great value  I ordered the Inihaw na Bangus (charbroiled, boneless Milkfish with vinegar and garlic) and it was spot on. Tender, flavorful, and crispy in all the right places, this bangus fulfilled my craving for the traditional dish! And only $7.95!! Try finding another place that sells great seafood dishes under $10!  My boyfriend ordered the Breakfast Combo Platter which was composed of  tocino, tapa and longanisa served with garlic rice and 2 eggs cooked any style you want. For only $8.95!!   Seriously, stop reading my review and head over there now! I promise you won't be disappointed!  P.S. This was our first time at this restaurant but it certainly won't be our last. =)
Came here for lunch with the fams. Food was pretty good. Can't remember what exactly we ate but I know there was BBQ and rice :P
If you live here, this is the place you want to take visitors too. Its authentic Filipino food. Its not like any of the other Filipino restaurants in town. Its a sit down restaurant so if you come hungry know you have to wait a little.   The service is great. When we walk in, I feel like servers and waitresses are singing to us. Hello ma'am, thank you ma'am... I dont mind. I love it! Filipinos always make you feel welcome and are very humble.  OK the good stuff, FOOD. I love their bangus. Only thing I can say is that this and everything else I will talk about in regards to their menu items make my mouth water.  Here is a list of things that I ordered and highly recommend that you try: Breakfast meat platter- I think thats what it was called. The everything especially the egg plant was BOMB! garlic fried rice - YUM sinigang halo halo pansit bihon sigsig adobo calamansi juice  Every single one of those items along with platter is something you should try. You cant go wrong.
I had this place yesterday Nov 12, 2011 for my first time. I don't know if it was my roots or the Manny fight that got me in the mood for some good ole Filipino food but boy o boy did this place hit every spot that matters!!!  Every flavor and texture was exactly how I'd want it. My only gripe was they brought out the entrees before the steam rice... That's like the cardinal rule u must have the steam rice before the dishes!!! Live it breath it, own it!
I'm rating this place a 4 for now, i will come back and try the other dishes. This is the place where you can have breakfast (filipino style) all day, other place you ask for breakfast they'll get mad at you. Very clean, located in a quiet corner on Twain and Jones. I dont eat Filipino food every day; since i discovered this place, i think will workout well and swing by there when i feel like it. Rice is not healthy, but will reconsider since this place serves really great food!! Till my next return...
For a sit down Filipino restaurant I expect better. The food is blah I will only return to try breakfast but other than that I'll stick to my buffet style places or home for Filipino food.
My previous experience was great. Breakfast here is so good, what more can you ask they serve it all day. Staff and service is fast and courteous, Ambiance nice place to have a conversation, Food???? Pancit is just ok, I think it needs more flavor, grilled squid very tasty but the chewing is such a battle, Lechon Ribs, this is the reason why we have high cholesterol, high blood pressure, and heart attack, does anybody know about ROASTING it beside frying in batter, it's tender, although you gave me ketsup instead of the Mang Tomas lechon sauce, and last is the Kare-Kare...it's disgusting!!! Did you forgot the peanut butter or whatever for the flavoring, too much cornstarch, very bland..the good thing is the bagoong complements it and lots of veges. Quality control people, you could either hire a new cook or get rid of them.
I am so happy there is a Filipino restuarant in my neighborhood.  It is so bomb here!  1 star = super friendly customer service!  2 stars = their platters!  HUGE!  Can feed a table of like 6 people alone!  My friends and I either get the grilled meat platter, or the crispy meat platter.  I definitely prefer the deep fried crispy meat platter with crispy pata, deep fried pork ribs, deep fried chicken, and even their fried plantins.  Yum!  3 stars = for their salty shrimp fried rice (bagoong fried rice).  Best fried rice ever!  4 stars = for their eggplant, salty egg, and tomato salad.  Must have this w/ every bite; seriously.  I love everything in this dish!  Great side dish and pairing to anything on their menu.  A must order!  5 stars= halo! halo! So good on a hot summer day.  You can never go wrong w/ this as a dessert after a good hearty Filipino meal.  I love this place and will always take my friends and family here who visit.  I don't cook, so good thing I can get some good ol' Filipino food in Vegas.  Yum!  Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (45/365).
This place was pretty legit upon getting a recommendation from a Filipino friend of mine who lived in Vegas for 3 years. Just looking at the pictures while boarding our Plane, my mouth was salivating. I really wanted to get their huge platters of food for the 4 of us. It's not too far from the Car rental or Las Vegas trip, merely 4-5 miles.   Service was prompt/friendly, prices are reasonable and food was delicious. We ordered the Seafood Platter which had grilled squid, bangus, tilapia, mussels and shrimp. For the Meat Platter it had Pork Liempo, Beef BBQ, Chicken BBQ and some Sisig chopped meat. YUM! Oh... we also had some appetizers: Kuya's Fish Balls and Fried Calamari Rings. Next time I go back to Vegas or So-Cal ( apparently they have 3 locations there).  My mom even stated, if we had only ordered one of their huge platters, it still would've been plenty for us 4, as we had lots of meat to go. My uncle and cousin ended up eating those for dinner, so that's an extra savings.
love this place. i came here twice visiting from dallas and it has not disappointed me. a nice place to take your family for some great filipino food (at good costs) and some formal dining experience.
Breakfast heaven all day long!!!  Best food and everything... great service... they make the eggs exactly how it should be.... breakfast comes with hot tea or coffee included.  Great portions and price and quality and taste.  Best experience every time even when it starts to fill up in the restaraunt.  They are well organized... clean and more upscale without the upscale price.  I love it here... I wake up on a weekend morning and this is the first place I think of when I'm hungry for breakfast.  Thank you salo salo for the great cooks and servers... Love it!!!  And I will come again... again... and again!!!
Tip: DO NOT EVEN BOTHER TRYING THIS PLACE! I've heard good reviews about this place so my family and I tried it out. Boy, that was a mistake! My brother and I had a bad case of upset stomach!!! Really bad! Service was so disappointing. We had to wait 30 minutes before our orders were taken. This guy, I don't know if he was the owner, even said to us "at least you guys are sitting while you wait." Really? Then, we had to wait an hour to get our food and when we only ordered four dishes! They charged us extra for some stuff we didn't order, and when we told the waitress she only said sorry! And the food was so BAD! Found strand of hair on the bulalo soup!!! Yuck! Never coming back to this place again! I dont even think this place deserves a star at all.
I've been here plenty of times in the last couple of years and we've never been disappointed. It's probably one of the few Filipino restaurants I like in town. It's close to our house so it makes it more convenient. I've done take outs and dine in and both were good so far.  My favorite to get is usually the pancit, shanghai fried rice, my husband loves the lechon, BBQ sticks and halo halo for dessert. I'll definitely go back when I'm in need of a Filipino food fix.
Definitely have had better. Their menu isn't that great, and our waitress was an older woman that was very grumpy and was very unaccomodating. It was offensive how quick she was to deny a request and give an attitude because I asked if I could get something else besides lumpia for my entree, since their appitizers are mostly all lumpia.   The food was average, I just couldn't get over how rude our server was.
its a typical Filipino Grill...
I consider Salo Salo Grill as one of my top 3 Filipino restaurants in the West Coast along with Barrio Fiesta (not sure if they're still around) and Fiesta sa Barrio both in Los Angeles.  Since moving to Vegas just this past August, I've been here 4 or 5 times and love, love their Pinakbet, Sinigang na Baka, Inihaw na Bangus, Calamari and I can't believe I would ever say this but their Lechon Kawali here is sooo friggin' good. I am usually not a big fan of the LK because it's all fat but their version here is perfect (if there's such a thing).  Service needs some improvement but then again, service at most Asian restaurants leaves a lot to be desired IMO. You go to an asian restaurant for the food only.
We are locals and reside here in Las Vegas.We had patronized Salo Salo Grill Restaurant in 2 separate times, the first one when they first opened- and the second time an hour before the restaurant closes. The first visit impressed us with their generous portion of grilled fish, and squid as well as our deep fried meat selections, although they were understaffed at that particular time, it was okay- we were hungry!  The second time we went was a complete disappointment because there were 2 servers and cook and we ordered several items from the menu and with only like an hour before they closed- the waitress was not smiling and was in a rush taking our orders.  When our order came- it was not  a generous portion in a large platter but like half that came in. Cost cutting? We weren't finished from our late dinner, and they closed the check, not making it to our dessert yet. After this horrible experience, wherein the waitress wasn't in the best of mood to serve and get rid of us- we never got back anymore and will never recommend this place.  Third visit which was today, April 29,2012- we came back because of a dear friend celebrate his birthday here.  We hate to write a negative but it was worth to do so! So here it goes, even there was a reservation for about 30 people in a 24 hour basis there was no effort on their part to seclude us in a function room to which they are the exclusive caterers. They were slow and have no other events or other customers at 3 pm. Our group ended up in their usual area seating us in 2 long tables plus 2 regular tables- which was  fine. We are all hungry!  But with this prior party  arrangement- only about 2-3 of their people were staffed to cook, cater and serve this exclusive event. The guests all had to ask for drinking water because it wasn't done along the course of our meal. It was given after several request and approaching their counter to get it  done!  The  only one waitress busy was trying to push the sale of sago, gulaman and halo2 at the start the meal.  The inihaw and the pinakbet was bland. What happened to the real cuisine from way back then? Where's the friendly and hospitable atmosphere here that we expect as treatment  from our very own kababayans?  The service was slow ,no smiling and amiable employees fom amongst them at all! There was no interpersonal relation as greeting Happy Birthday to our celebrant friend and assisting them, in the flow of the party, to the lighting of our cake, The staff  seem so unhappy with their job- we work in the food, hotel and service industry that's how we know the tools of the trade. Give your customers pure, undivided and personalized attention and deliver the goods as expected and you have one happy customer! There was no welcome and thank you greeting from either of them from start of seating to the departing of the last guest. It was a complete nightmare in the 2 hour birthday celebration, as regards to our expectation and standards. You need to train your employees to offer more personalized customer service and interaction- to obtain more business and make your customers happy and come back! Because we will not recommend and come back to this place! After all, word of mouth is the strongest and most powerful advertisement ever!
They were pretty good about "pre-bussing" the table but they did so with a chip on their shoulder as if they couldn't wait to get off work to go gamble their money away in the casino's. Because of this,  our table of 10 did not feel welcome at all.   The food was "okay" at best.  We came here because of a reference from a friend that the place was good. Boy, were they wrong.
Just went back here again last Saturday as I was craving Pinakbet, the service was awful. Our server took our order, served the food and never checked in on us until we were ready to pay :-(
Came here with a large party for my mom's birthday. We ordered the seafood and barbeque platters along with the garlic fried rice. We were able to try everything and it was all delicious. The servers were extremely friendly and accommodating to our party of 10. We'll definitely be back next next time we're in Vegas.
pretty good stuff for Filipino food, I enjoyed it, and the price wasn't too bad either
I like Salo Salo grill, but this branch is not as good as the location in Artesia, CA.  Everything we tried was fine, but paled in comparison to their restaurant in Artesia.  I do not know what was missing.  Still, I recommend coming here if you want to enjoy good Filipino food in a regular restaurant environment.  Maybe we did not come on a good day and that is why it was not as delicious as what we are accustomed to.
Mabuhay!  Ever wanted to get adventurous and try other ethic foods, such as Filipino food. Well Salo Salo Grill is a great place to try these kinds of food. Not only will you enjoy a modern native ambiance of the restaurant you will be amazed on how delicious the food is. I would suggest ordering the 3 piece entree.  The day i went we ordered that. For the meats we chose the fried chicken, beefsteak, and bbq pork. All delicious and grilled and fried to perfection.  For the soup we decided to have the sinigang baboy a very common filipino dish, a bit sour but really good.  We also had a side of lumpiang shanghai, i admit it was not the greatest, but all the other good foods made up for it.  For dessert we had the Leche Flan, not the greatest as well you can tell it's been sitting in the fridge.  Overall i give this place a 4 because their food is great overall and the service is great. They always followed up to see if you needed anything and they were on top of the waters like no tomorrow.
theee madre lives next to this joint so i come here pretty often when i'm in town.  beefsteak tagalog - this was just okay for me. it didn't taste like the homemade beefsteak and it was too fatty for me  palabok - tasted totally different then your normal palabok. they added squid to it and was not expecting that (doesn't say in their menu). didn't taste like homemade palabok. i wouldn't order this again. apparently they changed the recipe but i say CHANGE it back!!  chicken adobo - also just okay, it's a lot sweeter than the ones you try at your average filipino party  beef sinigang - the BEST thing here!!! i always get this! especially good during those morning hangovers =] it will cure it i promise!  i want to try the sizzling sisig next time i come out here!
My sister(who flew from Germany) & I stayed in Vegas for a week long bonding. She's craving for crispy pata so called the resto first to make sure they have if fresh. I was told they're not busy ( it's about 4pm) & it will not take long. So we went, we're the only customers at that time.    We ordered crispy pata, kare-kare & the seafood platter. It didn't even took 15 minutes for them to serve our orders so what do you expect!  1) The pata was NOT CRISPY and the worst is IT was COLD!!! We could have walked out of there but opted to call the waitress & told her. They haphazardly re-fried it;  2) The seafood platter w/c was supposed to be inihaw or broiled came COLD as well! the shrimps looked like it came from the fridge. All the items that came in the platter looked sadly unappetizing!  3) I had better kare-kare. Theirs was served in a tin can inside a clay pot or palayok! I don't understand that. It was not a good presentation at all.  I was sad because this experience is another explanation of WHY the Filipino food & restaurant for that matter cannot be in the main stream like the Vietnamese or Thai. The Pinoy mentality of "pwede na" has no place in the restaurant business, in my opinion. You need to put your best out there as you are representing the Philippines!  I'm calling the owners/managers of this restaurant to evaluate your menu style & presentation and quality of the dishes. Good luck!  In fairness, I've been to some of your better branches.
Super late review but this place does get a 4. I loved the food and the service was great, especially since it was for my mom's birthday. Cool place to stop and get some filipino food inVegas.
ANG SARAP!!!  Adobo fried rice, crispy pata, sisig, bbq, halo-halo and even their fresh melon juice = droooooooool. Authentic Filipino food and my family's favorite Filipino restaurant.  I would say the only downside is that it's so packed in the restaurant I feel suffocated.   p.s. the little shack you have outside always forces my cousins and I to be subjects of awkward family photos. Stop.
I was really excited to try out Filipino food in Vegas, but I was left very underwhelmed by this restaurant. The Kare Kare was very bland - I typically only eat the veggies, while my fiance eats the meat. The meat wasn't tender and the portion given was very smaller, especially considering he was the only one eating the meat. The peanut sauce was bland and I had to add a lot of bagoong to get more flavor. The "sizzling" sisig was not sizzling by any definition, it was just kind of sitting there on the plate (the cast iron could easily be touched by hand). The one thing I did like was the chicharon bulaklak appetizer we had and the dipping sauce it came with. I decided to still order Halo-Halo to go since back in SSF I lived close to Max's Restaurant (which has amazing Halo-Halo), but was left disappointed too since I could have had better Halo-Halo at Jollibee. Maybe we just didn't order the right things, but since my staple Filipino favorites were not prepared well, I don't think we'll be coming back.
Awww man this place was super underwhelming :( .   The portions here were very small, ordered sisig and rice and it did not suppress my hunger at all. Left semi-hungry. The food was good, but for the price it was not worth it at all.  Also their service was extremely slow, I came when it was slow and it still took forever for my water to be refilled.
I've been going to Salo-Salo since we moved to Vegas years ago.  They have the same servers from years ago and a few new ones who treat you like they're your Ate (older sister).  They are attentive but they'd leave you alone so you have quality time with your food.  We always get the crispy platter (fried calamari, lechon kawali, fried chicken, crispy pata, fried ribs) and garlic rice.  My personal favorite is their All-Day Breakfast beef tapa.  It comes with your choice of 2 eggs and garlic rice.  Tapa is usually dry and chewy - almost like jerky but they do it differently here.  It's more tender and juicy with a taste of vinegar so you don't have to dip it vinegar - it pairs well with siningag (garlic rice). I don't normally eat rice but I'm a fan of garlic rice.  I wash it all down with either melon juice or calamansi juice.  I end my meal with one of my favorite Filipino desserts - leche flan!  This is different from Mexican flan - the Filipino version is richer and creamier because we use more egg yolks and milk.  A slice of leche flan is swimming in syrup.  I just love this stuff!  This is the type of place where you have to get somebody's attention in order to get seated, place an order, get your bill...that's just how it is.  It's not that they're deliberately trying to ignore you, they just want to leave you alone.  The place is decorated in native Filipino decor.  If you look Asian, they'll talk to you in Filipino!
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #4  Salo-Salo was actually recommended by Roger T for us to go for our next Halo-Halo Challenge.  I admit, I pulled up Yelp, got on Salo-Salo's website, and did my homework on their Pinoy "Mix-Mix" dessert.  Based on their website, pinipig was in their Halo-Halo. Interesting...I gots to investigate.  We arrived on Father's Day and this place was packed and there was a line.  Since we weren't having any food except Halo-Halo, they seated us right away.  Within 5 minutes, our Halo-Halo's arrived.  Each Halo-Halo cost $4.95 and what a beautiful sight.  First of all, real silverware. Always a bonus for me since it makes mixing this iced treat that much easier with real utensils.  Salo-Salo's Halo-Halo had what I've been looking for all along...real, legit ube.  Ube ice cream, green jelly, red jelly, some coconut, white beans, and flan were also at attendance.  But what was missing was the red beans, pinipig, and lanka. I was still stoked that I got legit ube. Taste wise...pretty damn good. Would be perfect if red beans made it to the party.   PS:  We didn't have anything else, just their Halo-Halo. Service was fantastic, especially since they were so busy.  Halo-Halo:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ#c0x5cS2wqTguAxEttK-iwg  2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE: Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA Contender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
I've ordered from here for the first time and got kare kare. To be honest, I didnt like the broth it was in. When I gave the lady my card she said she only takes it if the price is more than twenty and offered that I either give her a tip or order something different. A 6 dollar tip for a takeout? NO THANKS. She took it after she realized I had no cash. It wasn't that great but I'm looking for a place with some really good kare kare. Does anyone know of any places?
We come here when I don't feel like cooking Filipino food myself and have a hankering for Crispy Pata or Lechon Kawali.  They know us here.  They always speak to my husband in Tagalog and he answers right back in English. They always know our usual orders.  :)
What I love about Filipino food is that you can pay so little for food but still have so much to take home with you. We ordered adobo rice. It was good, but I think they need to cook the adobo just a tiny bit more. And also the platter. They have a variety of platters to choose from, and very inexpensive at that. The servers were really sweet and nice, but I think they could use a little bit more training. Either that, or maybe it's just because they're like my mom (typical Filipina) and would insist on pairing the right dip/sauce/side for your food... because I had asked for salty eggs & mangoes, but they gave me bagoong instead. Not a fan of bagoong. But it didn't really matter because everything else was really good. There were only two of us, so we ended having to take the rest home.
With the new Update I can finally post this review that I wrote months ago and has been sitting in my Drafts, but as a Note we have been to Salo-Salo Grill a few times before and had lackluster experiences, this last experience in particular had forced me to share it with the rest of you. Mother's Day 2013: When we were sat down they said they Ran Out of Menus...I have Never been to a Restaurant where they Ran out of Menus, and it's not like this place sat Everybody all at the Same time. We waited a good 10 minutes before we even received one. My wife really wanted Filipino Breakfast, well their "All Day Breakfast" was Not Available, however we could still order the Longanisa separately, and then the Garlic Rice, but when we were ordering the Eggs they said they weren't cooking Eggs today, ugh! The Lack of communication is unbelievable in this place, especially one that advertises in their Menu with "All Day Breakfast". It's Freakin' Mother's Day for goodness sakes, Brunch is the Traditional Meal for Mother's Day, WTF?!?! Sadly we don't know any other Filipino Restaurants in Vegas that offer dishes like Log-Silog, Tap-Silog, etc. Things like this make me miss Daly City a lot! If ante does know any places in LV that do, Please let me know! Thanks for reading.
Clean place, good service, but the food quality varies!  I had the Beef Calderetta, it had great potatoes beef was soft sauce delicious!  But during a different visit the quality was not as good and the sauce was a bit oily.  I guess the reviews depends on the chef of the day it seems :)  It's still a great place to sit, relax and eat!
Well it was my mom's birthday and I thought this would be a good place to eat at.   First off, the waitress are rude. Typical bitchy filipinas. Second, their food is way too expensive for a poor quality. It was gross and tasteless.   It was such a disappointment going there. I should have picked DT's instead.
One of the few filipino restaurants I will always visit in every las vegas trip. Would have been perfect today if the calamari was not too well done.   Maybe 5 stars next time.
I think these Flips got it down when it comes to a more fine dining Filipino experience.  Soft music, dim lighting, artful decor, an intimate setting and salted garlic peanuts to wet your appetite.  The food itself was amazing!  I came in with a party of 8, so we ordered the BBQ platter which consisted of BBQ pork and beef piled high under banana leaves.  Salo-Salo is a great place for comfort food with family and friends.  What's missing as far as my concern?  Freshly baked pandisal and magnolia butter as their bread and butter course.  The Must Tries:  Langunesa w fried eggs Bagoong Fried Rice Buko Halo Halo BBQ Platter
THIS PLACE BLEW MY MIND!!!  Maybe its because it was my first time eating authentic Filipino food, but this place was delicious. Originally, my idea of Filipino food was greasy pork and horribly cut chicken wings cooked in adobo sauce served in a buffet line. I'm so glad I had dinner with my girlfriend's family here for a real authentic Filipino dinner. The prices are affordable as any other Asian restaurant which is $8 for an entree.   Our family had prawn sinigang, fried milk fish, spicy coconut chicken, and some sort of BBQ sampler. Let me just begin by saying that nothing is more like comfort food to a filipino than fried fish + sinigang and boy did it hit the spot. Hot sour soup with fish and rice on a cold day really speaks comfort for itself. As a Thai man, I must say I was very pleased with my spicy coconut chicken. It was creamy, mildly spicy and delicious. My only complaint would be small pieces of tendon in my chicken that were not carefully removed during the deboning of the chicken (which is difficult!) Lastly, the BBQ sampler was nicely seasoned and tasted great. We then finished with torron (fried banana) with ice cream. I HIGHLY recommend this dessert because they add this crispy rice to the ice cream which adds a lot of texture to the dessert. You take a bite of fried banana with ice cream and each bite has a great crunch and smooth soft texture on the inside and it is just amazing.  The owner (I assumed) then came out to greet us and made sure the food was okay. There is honestly nothing that shows you care more about the customers than coming and checking on them and I highly appreciate this.  All in all, Salo Salo is not THAT different from good 4-star Asian restaurants, but I'm giving it 5 stars for the following reasons:  1. Currently it has 3.5 stars, which is undeserving of this restaurant. 2. It is currently the only Filipino restaurant I'd ever step foot in.
This was my first sit down Filipino restaurant experience, and it was a good one! This place has it all when it comes to Filipino cuisine. Breakfast served all day, really good BBQ and the traditional dishes as well.  My family and I got the family platter, which consisted of the core menu items. Chicken bbq skewers, steak bbq skewers, lechon ribs and pork bbq. The ribs were amazing. Marinated just right, a little sweet and a little tangy, and very moist and tender. The pork was cooked perfectly but could use a little more flavor. The skewers were both amazing.  We also got the sisig, adobo fried rice and pinak bet. The sisig was really good. Very good flavor. And our kids (and my wife and I) looooved the adobo fried rice.   The service was 10/10. Very helpful and very accommodating. The restaurant is nicely decorated as well.  Overall, we will definitely be coming back here with family and friends.
The food was delicious but the service was sub par. The waitress was in a rush all the time and when she brought the food out, essentially plopped the food down without care and kept walking on. We had to call them over numerous times to ask for things and they almost seemed like we were bothering them.  I was excited to see a sit down Filipino restaurant for the first time  and foodwise it was good. Just a heads up to diners: The dining room closest to the kitchen is subjected to poor kitchen ventilation. When I was here, I left smelling like fried food since the smoke wafted from the kitchen through the service window.   On a different note, the crispy pata and sisig are winners. Still worth a try as long as you care more about the food than getting a five star dining experience.
I found myself picking up food for my sister on they way over for dinner on Christmas eve. Since traffic was light, I ended up at the restaurant before my scheduled pick-up time. They informed me that it would not be ready early and to come at the scheduled pick-up time...This was fine with me.  I ended up waiting the for over half an hour for my food to be ready. The women barely acknowledging my presence and running around like lost puppies wasting such valuable time did not make this unfortunate circumstance any easier to endure. Lack of training, or lack of brain?? I'll go with all of the above. The food also tasted like garbage.
This place is horrible, I tried it out for three times, the food is never fresh, the service is poor, they serve the food lukewarm, the rice was nearly warm, the BBQ was charred, I ordered the crispy seafood it was dripping in black greasy oils, my gf got the BBQ & the meat was charred, it also smelled like someone was smoking around the food with a cigaret, never going back to this place, Las Vegas needs better Pinoy restaurants, other small Asian restaurants offer a better experience than their counter part so called Filipino restaurant.
On December 24th I CAME during my scheduled pick up. I had to wait for an HOUR. I don't care if other people were there but when you call and tell the food is ready during a certain time frame then have it ready for a certain time frame because I lost time to spend with my family because of you.     Cashier/Waittresses were slow. There were people there waiting but it wasn't like the line reached the door. So unorganized and let me tell you very rude. I can't speak tagalog but I can understand pretty well. I could hear "What do people expect when they place their order today, It's Christmas Eve this is what they get when they order last minute, etc". Hey let me remind you don't tell us to come over a SCHEDULED pick up time frame and not have our food ready. Perhaps this wouldn't have happened in the first place if you planned right.    This place has gone down hill. The food I ordered was horrible. Very tasteless and way too greasy. Whoever their buyer is for their food doesn't know what to order. By the way I was going to leave but they called my name and really for a Christmas Eve dinner this was part of the entrees. NEVER coming back.
The barbecue was pretty good. I liked he seafood pancit. The service was friendly. But it took awhile for the food to be served. They take reservations.
So found this on yelp because I wanted to try other Filipino places. The restaurant is nicely decorated even with the awkward floor plan. our waitress was nice and all but service is non existent. Our food took about 40 mins to come out and all at the same time. Even tho with the sucky service and long wait time. The food was really good and for that alone we will give it another try.
Delicious and truly authentic ala-carte filipino restaurant!! My entire family decided to have dinner there and enjoyed our experience. Staff was attentive, menu selection was plentiful, and food was amazing! Taking all my relatives from the east coast there for sure.
Exceptional Filipino cuisine.  Boneless Bangus was a highlight.  Have the coconut drink, and when you're finished with the liquid, ask the server to have chopped in half to enjoy the coconut flesh.
HATE  Nothing.  DISLIKE  Service can be inconsistent (sometimes friendly and prompt, sometimes not). Debit cards can't be used for any meals less than $20.  LIKE  All-day breakfast. Close proximity to home. Dishes have a decent taste, price, and size. Pretty large menu selection for a Filipino restaurant.  LOVE  Nothing.
It should have no star at all. Omg! They are on dirty dining!!! Just recently!'nGrade C for cockroach in the kitchen ( partying) dirty sink with no sanitizer.. food on the floor and mishandling ready to eat food..the owner tried to justify her restaurant but pictures, videos and health district can't go wrong. I eat here a lot, ordered food every so often to feed my family and this is what we see.. Omg! This salo salo grill needs to be shut  down until they fix the problem and sanitize everything. Will never go back and eat here again coz I'll be thinking about the roaches!!not recommending it anymore - and  To think they're food is not the great!! Reputation is very important and cleanliness!!!
it was alright. the portions got a lil bigger for some dishes.
Place pretty good. Wife loves the ambiance, the portion was good for the price... Food came out pretty good except that they burnt half the side of the tilapia... Also, there are two flies around when we were eating lolx
This was my first time and I'm not coming back.  Pork inihaw was very cold.  If it was truly freshly grilled, it would have been sizzling hot.  Seemed like they grilled a bunch to make some grill marks and heated it in microwave before serving.  It did not even smell grilled and tasted rubbery (like when we microwave meat at home).  Adobo rice was the same, was only heated in microwave.  I don't recommend this place.  Not what I expected for it to be a pop and mom owed restaurant and for it to be a sit-down dining restaurant.  I was very disappointed.
Some of the best Filipino food I've eaten so far. They served us a lot of food and it was expensive but the food and service was good.
I eat this place and the service was horrible. The waitress wasn't a very helpful. She just brings the food and left. Did even ask if you need anythig or not even looking at you she just turned around and left. And also the food wasn't really that good.
In Las Vegas this is the premiere place to be for Pilipino dishes; no turo- turo, no buffet, a la carte entirely. If there is anything regretable about this place it is because one missed out!
The abience is good filipino finer dining...the food is well preped and served...very good service from Iana...the service was quicker than i expected since it was not busy when we visited...definitely recommend comming here to expect a non-homemade but restaurant quality meal...clean and professionally cooked...i understand that some Filipinos or foreigner that are used to homecooked and street food in Phillipines might comment otherwise, but please remember this is FINER dining restaurant, meaning no charcoal taste and used oil skilet taste...
They have a nice menu until they got broadcast via news with dirty kitchen yikes! I dont think I wanna go here anymore. Gives me goosebumps every time I remembered.
My sister in law swear to god this place kills all pilipino food around vegas. She has been here for alot of times now and this is first time coming in here. We already ordered when i found the news hee in yelp. :( it my fault i guess that i didnt check yelp before, I usually believe her when it comes to food. But this recent nrws really knock my appetite to the food. Yet Iam here to tell you that I didnt rate them because of the recent news (roach infestation.) Rather iam writing this rating with the same criteria I have been giving other food places.  We ordered: Chopsuey Pancit bihon  And family set( includes ; bbq pork and chicken, squid, and arellanong bangus. Rice  Lets start with the chop suey. The vegetables were fresh and the flavor is there when it comes to the chop suey taste that filipino style shouls be but the chicken that came with the chop suey was dried up. So dry that we didnt touch it. Next the pancit, it was probably the one thing that i ate alot of on the bunch, it taste good, and has all the flavor i want frpm a pancit. Lastly the big family plate which contains different food, the beef bbq is probably the only thing that was near the taste that is near the standard of pinoy beef bbq. The chicken bbq was we only took 1 bite out of it, 4 sticks remained on the platter. The arellanong bangus was okay, but it tasted not fresh, as well as the squid, which i may add has only the bbq sauce on top of it, and smoked. I would have done better prepartion on it, no to mention , it tasted days old or refrigerated.  Regardless of the ROACH infestation which we saw momenta before we eat, i find this place pricey with foods that are not as highly as other yelpers say. Maybe my standards of pinoy foods are high, but when a chicken bbq is so messed up that the bbq chicken that I make home made is way better than what you sell, then theres a problem.   Lastly I would not reccomend anyone to eat here. I dont know if its true but they should have the GRADE C on their door, I may be wrong but its either they have never put it out, or they have been inspected again since January i cant find an update about the roach infestation.  This will be the last time i will eat here, i took a chance to see if the flavor and taste are what the other yelpers said are true, even in the midst of knowing what might be back on that kitchen. Yelpers take this advice, and stay away, not unless you want be another brave sould to try out their kitchens delicacies.
The last time I came here was 5 years ago and I found an ant in my sauce. No apology from anyone and still had to pay for my food. So I tried it again tonight and no joke there was hair in our food. Sent it back and they replaced it, but why would I want to eat the same thing that had hair in it? Again no apology, does this happen all the time there that it just rolls off their backs?   So I have given it a second try and will never come back.
This has always been the formal dinner destination for my family because of the formal dining setup.  Price: it's definitely one of the more expensive places to get Filipino cuisines. Their higher prices are justified with the fancier looking ambiance.   Food: I'm Filipino so eating Filipino food is never new. -Portion is what you expect of a sit-down restaurant, and so it's not excessive.  -Taste is good but not stellar. -Quality I would say nothing out of the ordinary.  Service: there's normally a wait time, especially for dinner. The last time I was there with my family they took a good minute to deliver our extra requests. I can't blame 'em though. But definitely could do better  OVERALL: I Say this place is average
We took time to look for this place,  since we have tried the other location in West Covina.  I am Filipino, but I have to be honest,  this place is way too down the drainage,  no presentation,  the employees  are not well trained,  that by the way act and talk,  will even make feel that the food is not good.  It s not a place to eat and to tell people to try.  Please take  time to do a big change and give pilipino restaurants  a good name.  This stablishment is a big disappointment
I was craving beef kaldereta. So I searched up; filipino restaurants. There wasn't much of an option because it was late at night. Salo Salo grill was the only choice I had. Anyways, I walked in, expecting it to be busy but it wasn't. Not too many people. Only three tables were occupied. I did take out and ordered beef kaldereta, buko pandan, honey BBQ and garlic rice. If you order a main course, it doesn't come with rice so you have to pay for rice too. The pictures that you see of buko pandan is no where near close to how much they gave me. It was in a much SMALLER container. The pictures of the menu and prices on here; are not up to date. The prices has gone up. Let's get to the food. Shall we? The beef kaldereta wasn't what I was expecting. It had a different taste to it. I don't know, I can't explain it. I can't really compare real filipino authentic food VS the Americanized philipino food because I was raised in the US my whole life. But I was born in the phillipines. Although my parents and my whole family always cook filipino food. Moving on to the garlic rice; it was a lot. I had better. It didn't have much of a strong flavor for me. I felt like it was a hint of garlic. You can barely even taste it. And as for the honey BBQ goes... It was eh. Will I ever come back? Not sure. After reading the reviews people posted of how this restaurant was given a C on the health dept and dirty dining... Kind of scared me away.
Alright, I suppose I should give this restaurant the review it deserves.  I still stand by my word that this place has the best Filipino food I've ever had in my life. With that said, why 4 stars? The past couple days I've came in twice and the service was just not up to par with the food. We waited about half an hour for one thing to finally come out (granted the place was pretty busy for Mother's day), but if the place is ever gonna be that busy, they should hire more chefs. That wasn't the thing that irked me to re-review this restaurant though. Today, my girlfriend was having a huge halo halo craving. We tried Cafe de Cebu, but the halo halo just wasn't as good as Salo Salo's. So we drove the extra half mile to get some real halo halo.  We called in as we were driving so it would be ready as soon as we got there. We only ordered one item too. When I walked in to pay, the waitress said there had to be a minimum $20 for card use ($20 is kind of a lot for a minimum! Especially if you're dining alone). I totally understand this rule and where it comes from, but I just completely did not have cash on me at all. I told them that they can just put an extra charge or whatever that most stores do when you don't reach the minimum. The lady was nice enough to say "it's all right, but next time just remember that we charge a minimum $20." So all was cool until they continued to twist my arm to buy more things after that statement. They were probably half joking, but that can definitely make a customer feel uncomfortable, which it made me feel.  So all in all, this place still has amazing food that will blow your palate away if you've never had Filipino food or even if you have, it's still really good! Service is generally pretty good, but sometimes those waitresses can have their off days.
This place is horrible. My bf and I went here to eat lunch, we ordered pork tocino and honey bbq chicken. The tocino tasted weird and the garlic fried rice was MUSHY, as if it were spoiled. I took a few bites and then stopped eating. It was the nastiest dish I have ever eaten. I could not believe they would serve people food looking/tasting like that. The honey bbq chicken was okay. The best tasting thing about this place was the ice water.   P.S. There was a fly going around the restaurant which was quite bothersome.
I ordered several of my favorite Filipino foods and was sorely disappointed.  The adobo fried rice: I get that some people do garlic fried rice and others don't. No points lost on the non-garlic fried rice. Points were lost in the uncooked, undercooked meat. The pork and chicken adobo pieces were raw.  Shrimp Lumpia: uncooked shrimp.  Chicken adobo: uncooked chicken.  Pork adobo: under cooked pork.  Everything I ordered was uncooked or undercooked.  The service was great, the food was not.
The first Filipino establishment I visited in Las Vegas.  Nothing particular stands out at this place. If you've been to a Filipino Restaurant/Karaoke place before, you'd find the same things here.   The food was ok...and the service was prompt. It was pretty dead for a Thursday night though.
Went to Cafe Moda to meet up a whole bunch of guy friends at about 2am on a Friday night.  Located off Spring St, a few miles from the strip.  The place was free, drinks were cheap (wait...did I pay for drinks?), girl was yacking in the stall next to me, LOADS of empty tables, good music which transitioned to BAD karaoking... all this adds to 2 measly stars.    It was a good conversation piece later, I must say.
Pretty cool Kareoki/Nightclub Filipino joint where they serve the best Sisig I've ever tasted. Their sisig is not your typical sisig made out of chopped-up pork head but it's made from crunchy pieces of fried pork meat and skin, mixed with onions and their special sauce, served in a sizzling hot plate.   Went here at 2am on a Saturday night and this place was packed.  Waited for a few minutes to get a table but they have a full bar while you wait.  Good place to grab a late night snack and have a few drinks while people watching with your friends.  We even noticed a few white guys and some bruthas hanging out in search of their next Filipina GF or wife..haha.  Place opens till 5am so I was pretty surprised to see a lot of "uncles" and "aunties" here partying that late! Crazy!
I'm not Filipino, but it didn't matter, went with some colleagues as a 'completed training' celebration.  They ate, I got their too late, but what was left looked REALLY good.  The music was great, but being from NYC (we're not big on Kareoke) it was a little strange and it died out A LOT once the singing started.  Everyone was very nice, even go to dance some salsa!!!  Anyway, had a great time regardless.  Would go back.
You ever found a place that felt like Cheers?  Well, that's what this place is to me.  CafeModa-eers!  Every time I walk in I'm greeted with friendly bouncers, servers, and bartenders who have all become more than acquaintances.  It got to the point where I was there every day just to hang out.  I had graduated to being a local drunk of Vegas and had a favorite bartender, Angel.  I just can't get enough of this place.  I've had to pull myself away from here just because I started forgetting about everything else.  It was a place to escape all realities.    Luckily, they decided to be smoke free, it smells so much better and you still come out smelling like the way you came in unless you've danced the night away and just sweated all over the place.  Not like before when smoking was permitted, I hated the way I smelled after coming out.  The music is a mixture of r&b, rap, and some dance music.  Ordering food is easy as I pretty much like everything they have to offer like the sisig, garlic fried rice, tapsilog, and losilog.  Food is served till late so you can even go to the clubs first and then go to Cafe Moda to eat after.  The best days and times to go if you're looking for dancing and a good atmosphere with young people are Ladie's Nights on Wednesdays/Thursday mornings, Friday nights, and Saturday nights.  But, any other night if you're feeling up to singing, "Like a Virgin" it's all a great night for it.  I've had my fair share of Selena's, "Dreaming of you" after some Jack and Cuervo.
I'm in Vegas, and where does our group end up going?!  A freakin' Filipino "disco", "just like the ones in the PI" my friends told me...  ew.  Granted, it was fun for the first 2 hours, but the folks there don't get sick of dancing to the same rap songs being played over and over.  They serve food, although our group didn't have any.    The good:  No cover. The bad:  being in a filipino nightclub while in Vegas The ugly:  being here for more than 4 hours, nasty people practically having sex on the dancefloor, doing it to Flo Rida's "Low".
Came here on a trip to Vegas with a group of friends. We had just arrived in Vegas and were hungry. The boys suggested Cafe Moda since they went there the last time and raved about the sisig. So we took cabs to Cafe Moda, which is off the strip. When we got there, there were groups of people outside the door. Inside, we waited to be seated. There was a nice fire at the front and considering how cold it was outside, it was nice to stand in front of it. We were seated withing 2 minutes. It was super dark inside and I couldn't really see other people but there were lots. People were dancing on the dance floor and the DJ was pretty good!  We ordered drinks for each of us (have to if you're in Vegas) and the 2 plates of chicken wings, 2 plates of sisig, and 1 plate of fried rice. My drink was really strong (jack and coke) so it's good to know they didn't skimp on the alcohol. Our food came but they only gave us 1 sisig. We didn't mind though because we got full off the rest of food. Every dish we had was excellent and we polished everything off quickly. We definitely left very satisfied. Didn't stay for any dancing though because we were tired.  The next night, we ended up at Cafe Moda again because we were all hungry at 2am after going to a club. Ordered wonton soup, chicken wings, more sisig, and regular steamed rice. The wonton soup was really flavorful and I thought it was one of the best wonton soups I've ever had. Hmm Filipino wonton soup better than any Chinese wonton soup I've ever had?... yes even though I'm Chinese, I had to admit it. It was damn good! The sisig had too much onion this time because every bite I took had an onion taste... didn't enjoy it as much.  Overall, can't wait to come back to Cafe Moda for the food. It's a small little club too but I wouldn't come here just to dance.
I was just happy to find out there was a place in Vegas where i can eat tosilog. I didn't know what i was walking into after we left the club to go eat, i was expecting a little restaurant but ended up walking into another club that just served food still. Food was really good and and the drinks weren't that pricey. I didn't see any karaoke singing but the music sure was loud. This will have to be the new after club breakfast spot from now on.
We ended at this place my first night in a recent Vegas trip. Obviously my local friend was the one who knew about it. All I gotta say is craaazzy man. It's a great feeling to stuff yourself full of rice and sisig after a night full of drinking at the club. Food was good, and drinks were cheap. The crowd is majority of Filipino people from young and old. Plus mix in a few black and mexican heads.   Moda is a Kareoke bar first and foremost, but they do play hiphop inbetween sets and people usually get down on the dancefloor. It's a great place if you're looking to shock your filipino friends with something new hahah!  Oh yea watch out for the uncle who wants to be your best friend and the guy who tries to dance with ladies in his dress shoe and white socks =X!
Scale 1-10,I give them 1/2.Due to the special occasion from our 20th Anniversary celebration with early reservation we did,they made it double booked in one small place.I think they take advantage on us because all of us is from out of town.also unfair from the other group.And the food is not that good scale of 1-10,maybe 2.Another thing busy weekend,with party reservation, men's restroom broken.Its good I always bring my sanitizer in my pocket.The date 8-15-09.
So Cafe Moda is a tiny little club on Jones and DI off the strip.  The place is kinda crammed with very little wiggle room because of the dance floor and restaurant tables taking up most of the space.  The food features all types of Filipino fare all night long.   The DJ was good and the place was your typical Saturday night crowd in Vegas..... Only reason for a non-five star was the pricy menu.  Other than that Cafe Moda is a great late-night spot.
Restaurant/Karaoke/Dance Club in one? Fun Filipino atmosphere where the old folks and young kids can all hang out and have a good time. The place was kind of dingy with dimmed lights and loud music. The dining tables were wrapped around the small dance floor and the only kind of light that was provided were from the candles, disco ball, and the big TV screen that was on stage where the karaoke mics were.   As for dinner, I gotta give it to them and say that it was quite tasty. I was satisfied with everything that was ordered and pretty much licked the plate clean - totally murdered it. We ordered:  Tosilog (pork with fried rice and fried egg) - $9.95 Sisig (shredded pork w/ onions n' mushrooms on a sizzling plate) - $12.95 Sizzling Black Pepper Chicken - $10.95 Garlic Fried Rice $7.95  Service: I thought was okay, not friendly at all, our waitress was kind of stuck-up'ish. We ordered water to start off with and she came back with six bottles of the small 0.5L Arrowhead Bottle water which were at $3 a pop - that's $18 for just water! (This is the kind of water that I can get for 50¢ at 7-Eleven). We flagged her down and told her we wanted tap water (the free kind that comes in a glass), but she told us they didn't serve tap water - which didn't make ANY sense because "later" on that night I saw people at the next table over with tap water! And on top of that, I too was able to get water from a different waitress so that totally pissed me off!!!  Note: She quickly gave us our checks before we were even done eating and told us we had to pay because she had to clock out. The rude part was when she came back with our cards and waited for us to sign the checks and see how much we were going to tip her. The next thing you know, she was changed into her hoochie-mama outfit and was on stage doing karaoke! (I guess someone was in a hurry to go sing).
5 Stars just for their SISIG! Nothing compares. I was visiting my bff in Vegas in November and we were suppose to go to Body English.I forgot my ID at her house so went back to Henderson to get it and kinda pooped so decided to go to Cafe Moda instead. My bff had been here before and said they had a dj. It was a Sunday night...so they actually didn't have a DJ that night. It was pretty empty (it was around midnight). They did have kareoke. I wasn't even hungry. All we ordered was the sisig because she told me how good it was. It was delish. I ate so much even though I already had dinner. We shared one plate and even had left overs that we ate the next day for lunch. Going to Vegas this weekend and Cafe Moda and their delish sisig is on my must-do-list and it will be every time I go to Vegas. Service was pretty good. And um...the kareoke music was horrible. lulz. But I'm not much of a kareoke kinda gal.
While Cafe Moda isn't as popular as it used to be a couple years ago, it's still pretty full on the weekends.  The crowd is a on the older side and there are often parties set up there.  You can eat and drink first and then either karaoke or dance to whoever's singing.  The dance floor is a decent size and the dinner tables can be large enough for a good-sized group.  The restaurant/bar is located right at the Spring Mountain/Jones intersection across from the 168 grocery market.  There's plenty of parking available in the strip mall.  Since Moda isn't too far down Spring Mountain, oftentimes I'll just head down there after a night on the strip to get some sig sig and beer before heading home.
After a night of drunken debauchery, friends and I were all craving Filipino food. And thank gawd, I came up with the brightest of ideas and yelled out "Cafeeeee Modaaaa." -- I swear, that was, like, the best idea of the new year for me.  Our party of 10+ left (crappy) Haze and went to Cafe Moda on a Saturday night @ 2am. And, boy, were we pleased.  The music was hip hop and R&B -- better than the last place we were at *cough*cough* The dancefloor wasn't crowded -- we could dance/walk clearly; forget that we were dancing next to old men (tatas) and old women (nanas) And they had food there -- *sisig, plabok, lumpia  *Granted our breathe was crazy from the onions in the sisig but, we really did dance our asses off...  I woke up smiling and talking with friends about "how fun last night" was =)   I highly recommend doing this if you wanna end your night on a different kinda of bang-bang-BOOM!!!
The food has got to be the best filipino food I've had in Vegas!  Sisig dish is the best sisig anywhere, hands down!  So crispy and yummy! (i had to edit this and say the sisig is BANGIN'!!!) Ask for extra jalapenos.  Filipino breakfast dishes are so good, especially with garlic rice.    The atmosphere... well, I think the food and entertainment alone make up for it.  Fun laughs and fun times guaranteed!
Cafe Moda is the most fun place to sing, dance, laugh, drink and eat the best Sisig and yes, extra Jalapenos please! Crispy Pata is as delicious as it should be with a crisp at each bite! The lumpia's are pretty good, garlic fried rice is tasty and as Filipino as it can get and the sinigang is delectable!  This place is also a Filipino Karaoke bar folks, so be prepared to be in a very loud, entertaining venue and with the Nanay's and Tatay's doing the cha-cha and bringing sexy back! You never know, you might just catch a drunken girl trying to do a stage dive into the dance floor after singing or screaming her heart out!!   And here is a big tip....don't let the little Filipino guys or girls intimidate you if you are not Filipino and walking in alone. Yes, Filipinos do stare but mostly because they want to eat you! Just kidding....we stare because we want to know what you are wearing, so smile back and if the stares don't go away....offer them a drink and they just might be your best companion or compadre for life!  :-)
One of pretty good place to hang out with friends on Friday night! You can dance, sing on the stage and/or eat, drink on the side...while watch others 'being happy' on the stage :)  One full bar right after you enter this place, then stage in the middle and many tables around! Live is here on Friday (at least on Weekends I think so) ! I love their Filipino karaoke (even I couldn't understand at all), and they also have so many English songs (even issued many many years ago) !  Parking is hard to find because this plaza still has Korean karaoke and Chinese karaoke places + massage + one Chinese restaurant, which open very late....
Not too far from the Vegas strip, live entertainment, down home Filipino soul food... and open late at night! Aside from going to family or cooking myself, I wouldn't go anywhere else in Las Vegas to satisfy my late night cravings for adobo, sisig, sinigang, crispy pata AND karaoke!
The food here is so good.  If you are going to try one thing here, please try the sisig.  LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!  Their sisig is not the typical one that you would get anywhere else.  Sisig is supposed to be various pork meats (I'm not even mentioning what cuts of pork it is) with peppers and spices with a side of lemon, served on a sizzling platter.  Their version is what I would call chicharrón chopped up into smaller pieces.  But nonetheless...it saves me time from picking out the "bad" pieces of pork, and instead lets me enjoy it instead.  Their sisig, or whatever is should be called is delicious!!!  It can get "ghetto," depending on the night you come in.  It's pretty much hit-or-miss.  One night, it was "tango" themed.  Pretty cool watching the couples dance formally.  Some nights it'll be middle-aged women getting their groove on.  Not a pretty picture.  But other than that...nothing like good food and cheap entertainment from the karaokers to get the night rolling.
The sisig was top notch...also had the combo fried rice--not too shabby. I could do without the extra bass from the speakers and bad dancers tho--I wouldn't go there again at 4am...probably during the day so I can fully enjoy my meal
I've been here 3 times, not by choice, and I have not ever left this place happy. It's a late night hang out with karaoke, food and alcohol... You always expect, any place that has a karaoke machine, will have people who think they can sing or people that are so drunk that they think they sound awesome. I'd never return if it weren't for the people that we hang out with, I'd NEVER return here. My most recent visit was last night and here's the play by play...   Right when you walk in, it smells like rotten eggs. There's is usually someone there, bouncer type person, usually LARGE and in charge. From watching the rumors, I've heard that they've had to to hire more security due to the "Fights" that break out there-- GHETTO. Then you're walked over to your table, keep in mind that the place is so dark. I get it, there's a dance floor and you want the lighting so low to hide the fugly-ness of your patrons but c'mon... You have a bunch of drunktards roaming around in this cramped restaurant, give the place some light!   We were greeted by this grumpy, older Pilipino lady dressed in the most casual of clothes. She took our orders and brought over our food and that's it. Soo the services sucks booty.   So, to deal with the music, karaoke and the dumb drunk people that go there, I drown myself in alcohol, which makes me visit the restrooms more times than I'd like. EVERY TIME I GO HERE, THERE'S ALWAYS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE RESTROOMS. The first time I went there, there was water all over the floor, which I believe was from the toilets, ew! On my next visit, the toilet was broken and they didn't put a sign on the door to tell you "HEY! Don't pee in here... Or crap, cos it ain't goin to go where it needs to go!" This last time that I was there, the locks fricking didn't work in the stalls so I accidentally walked in on someone and then someone almost walked in on me, luckily I was holding the bottom of the door closed so, sorry, no free shows!   Ok, the FOOD. I miss pilipino food, being from San Diego, there is a plethora of this cuisine to choose from. There aren't many selections here in the desert so I was SO disappointed in their food and the fact that good Pilipino food is hard to come by out here. I had the Tapsilog... First of all the rice had no taste... It had the look and smell of fried rice but it was in no way close to tasting like fried rice. The tapa looked like it was burnt to a crisp and-- you know how meat looks like if you fry it for too long? Yep, that's what it looked like, gross and inedible. I was hungry and a little buzzed so I ate it anyway. It tasted like day old meat that they flash fried to pass off as fresh. It was horrible. And, my companions had the Tosilog... And ended up throwing up and having the runs.   The next time that I receive an invite to go to this establishment, I am going to give them a BS excuse or flat out "HELL NO".   Gross, gross food.
This Pinoy joint was mad fun. Not alot of these places in Seattle, so I had to just check this place out.   We were there on a night when there was a 70th birthday party going on. So that alone was entertainment enough. We sat at the bar and the bartender made good drinks. He made me a "bartender's special" which he says had like 5 types of alcohol. It was good and definitely not watered down. Although it tastes like a fruitified long island.   My other half was stoked that there was San Miguel. The sisig was good.  The lumpia on the other hand did not seem or taste real. It was like store bought ready to fry lumpia. What's up with that yo?   Other than the fake lumpia, this place was fun. Nothing classy about it ... but not too trashy. My friends who are Vegas locals however did warn us that one of their friends got shanked like 50 times ... so .... that kind of put us on some type of alert. We didn't stay too long. But good times nonetheless.
5 stars!! This late night cafe is the go-to spot after clubbing all night long. Not very pretty on the outside and not a whole lot better looking in the inside, but what I like about this place is the SISIG, the Resident/house DJ, and the fact that I feel like I'm truly at a late night club in the Philippines.   The food is deliciously pricey, but that's okay when you're splitting the tab with your entire party. I suggest getting the sisig!!   The DJ is the best spinning DJ ever, and no, I'm not kidding.    In between all the food, drinks and music... KARAOKE is obviously not ignored. this part of the cafe makes it feel like home.   Every time I'm in LV I make sure I visit this place.
Despite the rave reviews about the sisig, I don't think I'll ever make a trip back here. The overall "ambiance" (if you can call it that) is not very inviting, in my opinion. It's dark, with minimal decor, and "party" style tables. The "bouncer" there was just chillin' at the bar, and the bartender was just as inattentive to any potential customers coming through the door.  I went on a weekday at about 8 in the evening? The only people in there was a group that consisted of about 4 older Filipino men, I'd say around... hmm mid 30s to early 40s, and a bunch of young girls... somewhere around their 20s? Them,  and a middle aged couple.   Anyways, I was having a good time with my 2 girlfriends, singing karaoke and such. I was stoked because I actually got the couple to slow dance when I sang "Crazy" by Patsy Cline. My friend Amber sang a Britney Spears jam, just so I wasn't hogging the mic... well, I was up there for the 3rd time, since uh, there was no one else in there, and our other friend, Maria didn't want to sing, then SUDDENLY, as I was approaching the last lines of "I Will Survive" by Gloria Gaynor the "DJ" cuts my song off, and decides to introduce one of the girls sitting with the Filipino Mafia, or whatever, saying she has a CD coming out.   Really? Well, whatever... Perfect timing. Just when Amber was about to tip the DJ he cut me off.. NO MORE! Not since he pulled that stunt.   So I sat down with my friends, and we attempted to listen to this girl's supposed skills on the mic, and I have to say, I'm not the best singer, but I was definitely better than her.   I'm giving this place one star, NOT ONLY for the horrible DJ, but for the horrible service, and UNDER SERVICED restrooms, not to mention the uncaring workers.
It's really dark inside because of the "club" feel.  I wish there was more lighting than the little candles they put on the table.  Also, the music is really loud, so I wouldn't bring a date here.  You literally have to yell to each other if you want to say something.  Also, you have to put up with the karaoke divas.  Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're not.  It's a risk you have to take.  The dance floor was dead, but that's because none of the music was hype.  Lol.  Aside from all that, the food is really good!  They make hella good sisig.  Also their crispy pata is good too!  I tried their pancit a while back and had no complaints.  There's not many places to get sisig in Vegas, so this place can satisfy that craving.  Good food, just some things you have to put up with.. ^_^
Don't go here to eat, just go to get your Filipino dance and karaoke on, I guess.   I had a $20 certificate (glad I didn't actually spend good money here). Ordered (to go) the waitress' suggestion: egg roll appy and Mike (noodle/bok choy/noodle something). Both were so SOOO greasy that I took a few bites and trashed the rest. Yet another disappointing Vegas dining experience. Also seemed like waitress had never seen the menu before. Amateur hour.   Pass.  BTW, I was tempted by the sisig until I learned it is traditionally made with pig ears and snout (wat?!). Waitress said theirs is made with pork belly. Yeah, I trust her? Pttht.
Never fails. We come for food and end up dancing the night away. Hahah And this time we even had the balls to sing some karaoke!  LOVE. THIS. PLACE!
Writing a review on this very day after experiencing the infamous Cafe Moda I heard so much about just hours before on a Friday night.  It was my first time and reason of my presence there, it was the meeting point my friend Will suggested before heading out.    Being filipino it just seemed natural to at least try this place once since it's so popular with my race.  Came here at about midnight and the moment I stepped in I felt like i was back in the army stationed in South Korea haha.  So much ladies of the filipino ethnicity being escorted by old white males. I thought the beer prices would match the interior of this place but I was wrong.  Still $4.50 which I thought was still too high for a place that looked like this.  While waiting, I also decided to order something to eat.  Just wanted to kill time while waiting for my buddies. Ordered a calimari.......not that good and the sauce that came with it was some type of vinegar that made my breath funky.  So bad that even the fresh off  the boat ladies didn't wanna talk to me.  I would recommend this place to the older asian generation and any looking to find and older partner to leave with it.  BTW, I joke around half of the time so I apologize if I offended anyone by the fresh of the boat description of this place.  I'm fresh of the boat too, from the Titanic tour of Luxor I experienced with the yelp crew.
We heard so much about this place that we wanted to check it out before a show that night.  What I really like about this place is that the staff is really friendly and very accomodating.  There was some kind of event going on Saturday night and the restaurant was hosting a private event.  The host said that they could squeeze us in.  The put out a table for us and found some extra chairs to fit 6 people in the corner.  I liked that they didn't want to turn away business.  Sisig-pork belly was awesome and so was the sinigang.
Whenever I step foot in this place, it's like I'm in the Philippines.... It's interesting.  I've been here a few times to grab a drink and maybe dance a little.  It's funny that you can get some sisig and two feet away there are people getting down on the dance floor.  The drinks are slightly overpriced in my opinion.  But the resident DJ actually plays some pretty good hits... mixed in with a little bit of electric slide and its bound to be a good time (for like 20 minutes, then I'm done).  The crowd is also bit on the older side.  However, if you're looking for a non-pretentious place to just have a quick drink and dance to some good music (especially if your Filipino), this is an OK place to go.
Are you kidding me?!?! this place is the Shit! After Tao we were hungry so our friend (local) suggested Cafe Moda. The Sisig makes my mouth water as i type this..that good! I was blown away by the music selection. By far one of the best DJ set for Late 90's-2010's. The crowd is mixed (young and old) but everyone got along. No drama. Drinks and food were affordable and staff was excellent.
Went here strictly for the sizzling sisig, and it did not dissapoint! However, I was not into the atmosphere. I guess on the weekends it turns into a Filipino disco disco complete with a DJ that mixes songs together without letting them play all the way (so Pinoy). It was dark as hell in there, so I could barely see what I was eating. But you know what, that damn hot, sizzling, citrus pork dish made it all worth it.
Wow is all I can say...I came for the food and ended up staying for the pure entertainment of watching Lola's on the dance floor... Gentlemen- if you have that Asian persuasion thing going then you might want to check this place out..  It's true what everyone says- it's really dark in there, I had to use my cell phone light to see what I was eating half the time.  It was pretty empty when we arrived at 9pm on a Weds night, even though it was their 7th Anniversary celebration.  We sat down and ordered just as they were starting up the Karaoke session.    We ordered: Ox Tail soup- pretty bland but vegetables and ox tail was good Kare Kare- a stew with ox tail and peanut butter and veggies...sounds kinda gross but was actually pretty good, it comes with a shrimp paste you can add to the sauce to give it more flavor. Mike Bihon- rice vermicelli noodles and thicker udon like noodles stir fried with vegetables, it was okay Sisig- fried finely chopped pork bits/parts brought out on a sizzling plate.  This one was pure awesomeness if you like that sort of thing. You squeeze lemon on it and eat with rice and its a good night...  Well- the karaoke started and I just about threw up my food..not from the food itself but more of the shrieking and how loud and bad some of the singers are...geez...thank god karaoke was ending at 11pm that night..there was not going to be enough shots for me to be able to deal with that all night long...I mean, it was funny laughing at some of these people but some were up there like they were all auditioning for American Idol!  Once the dancing started, that's when things really took off!! They play a combo of hip hop, R & B, house, trance, techno...it was hilarious watching people of all ages out on the dance floor and the get-ups of some of these folks...  Next time, I'm bringing my friends from SF here!  The food was good and the entertainment was even better! I will for sure be back!!
The sisig is great along with the nightlife.
This is one of my very few reviews that don't have any photos, as I usually include visuals with my reviews.  Lookit, here's what happened-We were curious to try their Sisig after hearing other yelpers rave about it.  As we step inside, Loud ass music is blasting away and already I can sense this is not gonna be good. As we're taken to our table, across the room, a wedding is going on!?!?!  Totally felt like wedding crashers, and there was NO WAY we were gonna have a decent meal/conversationn with all these distractions.  As the wedding party got up to do the Electric Slide, we got up and headed for the door and headed next door for cover at China Mama.....ALOHA!!!
Ok atmosphere ... Yeah it needs improvement! But who cares! The food is good here! Plus they got a couple cute workers and the vibe us chill; weather it be karaoke or a club night. For me I just go for the food! Hahaa!
So I was in Las Vegas for business.  Yes. Business.  No, I'm serious. Business, you heathens.  Aiight and a LITTLE BIT of pleasure. I mean c'monnn son! It's VEGAS.  So I'm eased in! Cool. Like I am. Chillin'. (Lol RIP Bernie Mac). Just came out the Mark Curry show, which was MAD hilarious! But I really wanted to touch base with my local fam in the Sin. So I tagged the cousin, and she says to meet her at Moda, where another relation of ours works the door. Awww snap! FAMILY DISCOUNT! hahahaha.  So I get in and it's like...being back at Serramonte Mall. HAHAHA! HELLLA Filipino folks! I mean, there were a few other spots of colors here and there, but Manilla was in the building! LOL (hey, I love my PI people! Manny #1! haha).  The floor was packed with some maddd fly females and the occasional dude who has NO CLUE as to what dance to do when the music starts up. I almost was about to call the medics for this one Asian dude who started this weird jerking, body-stuttering motion. I wasn't sure if homeboy was feelin the groove or having a seizure. But tell me why homeboy had like 3 of the baddest ladies dancing around him!? HAHAH! So I wasn't mad though..well not that much lol.  There was this one cute female though who kinda creep'd me out though because no one wanted to dance with her. So she decided to play Go-Fish and just dance AROUND dudes and hope one would turn around and hit their Dougie on her. That was a negative. LOL! This one cat was hittin the Cat Daddy and she got behind him and started mimic'n his movements..but HORRIBLY OFF. She kept trynna edge around so he'd see her and they'd dance, and this foo just rotated the same direction to avoid eye contact. HAHAHAH!! Priceless!  Cousin then ordered hella food! Some beef sigsig, garlic rice, and pork adobo. I didn't eat so I can't comment on the food. But it smelled deiricious! (I know what I typed)  But overall, the place was mad chill. No drama popped off like it usually does at spots around the Bay (I mean, not that I know of. I don't really do the nightcrawler bid. LOL Seriously!) The staff was coo..the only problem was the DJ. He was WHACCCK!! And he kept hoppin on the mic to talk over the music. Wadda doooofus. LOL. So I dropped a star. But still, if you're Filipino or even from Daly City/South City and you're visitin Vegas, this is a decent local spot away that'll make you feel at home and it away from the strip and good for easing into ya evening till the wee AM hours.  Done!
went here to celebrate a friend's 40th birthday on the last day of 2010! they had a table of filipino food goodness including a whole roasted pig (lechon)! the restaurant was equipped with a sound system, dj booth, a large dance floor and a full bar! it's a nice place tucked in chinatown of las vegas. nevertheless, i heard the sisig was good here but never had the chance to try it this time around.
There is only one reason to go to Cafe Moda and that reason is the sisig. I haven't been to Cafe Moda to experience the nightlife. I figure if I want to hear some really bad singing I could go to any Filipino party where they have a Magic Mic.   The decor definitely needs updating... when you walk in, it's like you're stepping back into the 80's. There's a dance floor and a stage in the middle of the restaurant. The restaurant is rented out sometimes for private parties but they still welcome other patrons even though there is another function going on. The first time I went here, there was a huge family reunion and they were showing videos and a slideshow of that family. It felt like we were party crashers but we made the best of the situation.  I usually order Kare Kare and sisig... both are really good and keep me coming back. If you want to avoid bad karaoke, go when they open, around 5 pm.
The first time I came to Cafe Moda, I was a little skeptical of going in based on the looks of this strip mall. For some reason, this place was poppin'! It was a Night Club, Restaurant, and Karaoke Bar in one! The DJ was pretty good (and I'm picky with my DJ's). They have a pretty good sound system. Karaoke, well, it's open to everyone and not everyone can sing. Best thing about this place: SISIG!!!
For a Cheap fun night we come here.  Drinks are cheap and filipino food is delish.  Random: SUSHI! Filipino food and sushi is kind of good you know!  The DJ, is ok but the karaoke is funny.  It's fun to watch Filipinos (I'm filipino myself) sing Karaoke.  They just make it entertaining.  They always feel like it's the stage of American Idol when in reality they had one too many drinks and one plate too many sisig.  But this is a must stop for me!
The Calamarie is Amazing!
I give them 5-stars because they have an all-night kitchen, they're open late, the waitresses are friendly, though a bit pricey the food portions are huge, the liquor/beers are reasonably priced, the dance floor is spacious & well-laid out, often they have a DJ though sometimes someone's singing karaoke (which I loathe) and even on weeknights it can get festive whereas the rest of Chinatown is dead.
Nice place to hang out and have a drank on, karaoke, Dj with  a dance floor. The staffs are awesome! The sig sig is out of this world
The main complaint first, then a review of everything else.  I attended the birthday party of a nice married couple at Cafe Moda.  They made reservations for up to 12, but for most of the evening, there was only 9 of us.  To seat us all, they had to move two tables for six side by side.  As the night wore on, a large group of people came in, and wanted to sit together.  The solution of the waitstaff was to move our group of 9 to the table of six.  Without telling us a thing, they began to move all the food down to one end of the table, then tried to have us shift down toward the end.  Well, if you can imagine it, some of us were still eating food, and would have to move our plates to where someone else was just eating...no cleaning the spot, nothing.  I don't know what the extra three people were supposed to do in this scenario, it wasn't explained.  Well, at the time I was raising hell about being moved from a table I was eating at because another group arrived and wanted my space, two more from our group arrived, and then we had 11 of the 12 slots filled.  They decided not to move us, but they did communicate to me, that because I was loud (having to complain over loud music, a normal tone of voice would not be heard) they thought of cashing us out and making me leave, at least.  I'm not sure if the intent was to completely ruin someones birthday or not.  Anyway, they made it clear that I was wrong.  Me. The customer.  The guy that was eating food at a table with my friends.  A guy that was ready to pay the bill for the food, table and service.  To their credit, they did not make me leave.  I was informed that they had to change waitresses because I raised a stink.  Clearly, the customer was quite wrong.  Now to review the rest.  The new waitress was capable and attentive.  The music for dancing was fine.  The place had good energy.  I had fun.  I've had the food on four prior occasions, and while I'm not an expert on Filipino food, I've had enough to know that it's the worst of what I have eaten.  Maybe, somewhere, there is a Filipino restaurant with worse tasting food.  When I find it, I'll let you know.  The portions are large, but so is the price.  A quick word about the sisig...I've eaten it, and it's dry and chewy.  That's not how it is served in the Phillipines.  I'm not quite sure what sisig the other reviewers have eaten, but this is just plain bad.  For the adventurous person not deterred by this review, feel free to eat here so long as you are flexible enough to move with your food to another table if someone else wants take your spot.
To all filipino food lovers. Do not go to cafe moda. First, the food is too salty and they don't give you enough. My friend had a birthday party here last night and it was the worst birthday she had. The server ROCKY was very rude and unprofessional, she yelled at the 51 year old birthday girl and threatened her.  She changed their agreement because she thought she could make more money. When we asked for the manager there wasn't one.  So to all those people planning parties there get your money back and go somewhere else. You'll have a better time @ Dennys.
My friend and I came here just out of needing something to snack on. She mentioned Cafe Moda had some very good salt and pepper wings. So we took a drive to get some. On arrival, there were a lot of people in and out of the establishment which was good. It indicated that there is something good going on here. Well, walked in and realized it was a Filipino establishment which caught me off guard. I figured I was in for a treat because there is a lot to rave about when it comes to Filipino food. Then again I was only there to snack on some wings. Upon arrival, we sat ourselves at a booth overlooking the dance floor and watched everyone dancing and having a great time. It was a mixed crowd as far as the age goes and everyone was friendly, randomly saying hi and smiling. And that's kind of where the pleasantries ended. The staff was very cold. The waitress took our order of calimari and salt and pepper wings. The salt and pepper wings are to die for and the calimari was cooked perfect. The only problem was the customer service. I had to flag the waitress down as she was sitting at the bar. Asked her for another drink and she kept reiterating to me that there were "no free refills", like i didn't hear her the first time or as if i couldn't afford another cup of sprite. Not sure what that was about. I'm not sure what was going on with the staff but I will give this place another chance in the future. Only because my friend said that The service was good last time she was here. 2 Stars is for the overall customer experience. Sometimes the food can't save bad service.
"You guys wanna go to this place that serves sisig until 4am??"  It was precisely what me & my friends wanted to hear on a Friday night/Saturday morning after being at Vanity nightclub.   Whaaatt?? Sisig? This late at night? Good lawwd.... Yes, pls.   It's on the corner of Spring Mountain & Jones a little bit past Chinatown. It's not the most attractive place from the outside but I could care less. The food was great, the service was good and the music was dope. We were tripping out the whole night on where we were, what we were eating and what we were listening to.  This isn't a family restaurant. It's 21 & over... More like Bayanihan in Los Angeles back in the 1990s. Our friend who's a local in LV now, brought us to Cafe Moda and we're so glad he did. We were seated at a big table near the small dance floor. Yes, dance floor... complete with fog machine and cheesy disco lights. Awesome!   Not too long after we were seated, they brought our table bottles of Red Horse beer and San Miguel beer. Hahaha... Our local friend was familiar with the menu and we let him order everything. My mouth is watering a little bit thinking back on the late night meal we had there... We had sisig which was delicious, served on a sizzling plate and we liberally squeezed calamansi on it to top it off. Yup, mouth still watering... We also had lechon kawali which was cooked perfectly and had the requisite Mang Tomas sauce on the side. I would've been good with multiple orders of those 2 pork dishes but more hits were coming.... We also had calamari, pansit bihon, kare-kare, a whole fried bangus (milkfish), lumpia, etc... All the food was delicious. Granted, anything late that night should taste good but if my still-salivating mouth as i type this is any indication of how tasty our dishes were... well, that should be proof enough.  The music was great. They were playing hip hop and r&b classics. It was a live DJ and he definitely kept the dance floor busy. We arrived around 2am, i think, so I'm guessing there were even more people earlier that night. I heard everything from Wu-Tang, Lauryn Hill, Naughty By Nature, SWV, etc.. So many hits from the golden era of hip hop... And to end the night with their last dance they played Jodeci's Come & Talk To Me remix.... WOW. This is what clubs need to do. Play some damn Jodeci at the end of the night. Everyone would leave the spot so damn happy.... no fighting. Strictly on lovemaking missions. HAHAHA....  Cafe Moda might be too hood for some people especially if you're used to eating on the strip or were expecting a Goldilocks type atmosphere. The place is loud, it's dark, the fog machine is out of control... But the music is on point & the food hits the spot.  Be back to Cafe Moda next time we're in town. Lookin forward to it... Mouth is watering, once again.
OK, I've been going to different spots and trying their lechon kawali, chicharon bulaklak, and their sinigang na baboy. Cafe Moda is always on point with these three favorite items of mine. The kawali and bulaklak was freaken amazing! Perfect every time! There is nothing left on the plate whenever we get these niblets of heaven. The last time we ate here, for some reason the sinigang was the best sinigang I've ever had. The chef made it a tad bit more sour than usual and we all looked at each other. Their was nothing left in the bowl when the waiter took the bowl away.   Quality Filipino food here yallz. I'm never disappointed whenever I have a cheat day from the gym.
We went with a large group and ordered a bunch of food for 16 people. The food was overpriced and super salty - probably full of MSG. On top of that they charge per soda !!! (No refills - and they only have Coke/Diet Coke & Sprite).  Neither did they accomodate us with our request for upbeat music - our group were the only people in the place.  We will not be back, that's for sure.  Positives: The calamari is super-yummy and we still had a good time as a group
This place is a club that serve dine ins as well where their sisig is just to die for.
Love this Place..Friendly people, Love the Kareoke and Dancing... Abit too Loud for Dinner but dont mid..:) Dont know if for Family outing ;never been here during the day, but Great for  Late night weekend....Food, Dancing, &Karaoke
I really like the place.  I go on Thursday to the ballroom dance night.  They also have it on Monday I believe.  Also, I have eaten there a number of times and everything is excellent.  Good place for a bithday or party especially if your from the Phillipines.
Cafe Moda is a Filipino Karaoke bar. They serve a variety of Filipino food as well as their own alcohol concoctions. If you order alcohol, insist on ordering a regular drink (i.e. Vodka tonic, Gin and Tonic, etc.) and not their mixes unless you enjoy fruity drinks that are extremely sweet. Although their names for their drinks are interesting such as the "Piece of Ass" which consists of Amaretto, Southern Comfort, and Sweet and Sour Mix, the mix itself is too sweet for my palette.  Cafe Moda is located in a really busy Asian shopping center. Parking is really scarce during peak hours so you may have to park really far away from this place. This was the case when we arrived in the evening.  The setup of this restaurant/bar was interesting. It is essentially one big open space with tables setup surrounding a dance floor and a stage. The people who are sitting at the tables brazenly gaze at the brave soul singing their heart out. I was expecting separate private rooms for karaoke like Korean karaoke places but alas, this place is not like that at all.  Our table ordered a variety of Filipino dishes. I don't know what the names of the dishes were, but the Filipino dishes tasted decent. However, I ordered ceviche (a Latin delicacy) and was quite disappointed. Lime juice is supposed to cook the ceviche but instead, the shrimp was actually boiled in water! Stick with the Filipino dishes as they obviously do not know how to make ceviche.   There was a live MC that entertained the karaoke and music portion of the entertainment. Initially, there is ambient music in the background playing the latest dance hits from the club, and suddenly, it transitions into someone's karaoke selection. This pattern continues back and forth. If no one wants to sing, the MC will gladly sing a song to fill the void. In addition, the MC frequently sang duet with other singers too which I though was interesting. I liked that the MC was participating and keeping the party alive.   After a while, the MC lead the group into dancing the electric slide. It was really odd. The only time I have done the electric slide was various company functions. Hence, if you grew up on the electric slide, you would enjoy this. The patrons mostly consisted of Filipinos who love to sing karaoke.
My half-Filipino-ness loves deep-fried pork goodness from this place such as crispy pata and sisig.  Last Friday, my big sis was craving for some sisig.  I've been to Cafe Moda before and have experienced how loud this place gets at night so I suggested we call in a to-go order.  After trying to talk my sister out of eating here, we ended up eating at the bar since the tables were blocked off for a kid's birthay party (yeah, a kid's birthday party on a Friday night).    As predicted, the place was obnoxiously loud.  The dj had a thick Filipino accent and was saying stuff like "happy bird day (happy birthday with a Filipino accent)...you guys wanna dance IN the dance PLOR?"    *CRINGE!!!*  The food couldn't come soon enough!  Then the dj started urging people to do karaoke!  OH HELL NO!  The server/bar tender was too busy trying to flirt with every guy there and flipping her hair.  This place is stright up tacky! If I didn't love my sister, I wouldn't have eaten here.  But I'm sure she learned her lesson: call for a to-go order!  But then again, their sisig is the best!  The crispy pata is excellent here too.
What? $8 a shot and almost $15 for a drink?! This aint the strip!  Food is good, very Filipino. Actually, it is Filipino! I always get their sisig. Went here during lent and my religious friends couldn't eat pork. Damn it. So tried the chicken sisig instead, it's still delicious and tastes like pork!  2 stars because of the pricing...come on, I consider this place a dive bar. It ain't that classy! Service is aiiggghht. Drinks are aiiggghht.   Still, 2 stars. Don't get stabbed in the parking lot!
I just came back from studying from the phil. And i felt like i was back in manila when we went to cafe moda. People singing karaoke and feel of the place brought me back to my college days in manila. As for the food, i personally have had better but it the food was good. The serving sizes are american sizes and the price is just right. Cute and friendly waitress. :) cafe moda is a great place to experience the Philippines in Nevada.
Stop #3 of our Chinatown Crawl...  Café Moda, I upgraded you, but not by much...I still don't see how people are able to eat/conversate while the music is blasting away.....  It was hilarious seeing a couple of fellow Yelpers(names withheld) get down on the dance floor, and didn't even notice us tucked away in the corner  LOL! Better music selection with more current hits and I hope they got rid of Electric Slide...I surely doubt it though!  ALOHA!!!
Hang here! Mama Lu will take care of you!  A friend and I came here based on a recommendation from a co-worker last Thursday night. I was a little hesitant to come, since parking at this plaza is usually a nightmare. We found a spot right across from Cafe Moda and walked in. There was a bouncer at the door, no cover, and maybe only 8 people in the entire place. The place is a restaurant by day and a karaoke dance floor/bar at night. Despite the small crowd, I had a blast watching the drunk regulars singing their hearts out on the karaoke machine. We chatted it up with the manager and she told us that everyone calls her Mama Lu. She brought us some Sisig to try with our drinks and it was delicious. She introduced us to the other regular customers and the servers and really made us feel at home. I've decided to make this my friendly neighborhood bar!   A little about my credentials: I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
Went here for a party. They already had all the tables set up with plates and water. I don't really like that. From my entrance intro the building, I already had mediocre opinions on this place. Tap water was disgusting! I don't recommend drinking it at all. I don't even think lemons could save this one! Had to drink soda instead because I didn't want any alcoholic drinks. Food was okay. Karaoke was loud, but people seemed to be enjoying it. Bathrooms were not that great - with the foot traffic, they should at least flush adequately. Nope...  Don't think that I'll return anytime.
Came here to verify that the sisig was as good as everybody claimed it to be. I gotta say that they were spot on.   Me and the wifey came on a Thursday night at about 9:15. First thing I noticed as we walked in was the blaring music they were playing and people that were dancing ballroom style. For a second I thought we went in through the wrong door because outside it wasn't marked clearly.   Once we were greeted by the hostess and was led to our table, we weren't too sure if we should eat there or take our food to go. Since we really didn't want to wait til we got home to eat, we decided to tolerate the club style ambiance and ordered it for there. Im kind of glad we stayed because what happened next was really something you cant forget.  We ordered Pork Sisig and Tokwat Baboy. As we were waiting for our order, we were watching all the peeps that were on the dance floor do their thing. Now I wasn't sure if this was a typical Thursday night because upon looking further, we noticed the crowd was a mix of young and old folks. The DJ was playing a mix of fast moving songs from the 60's to today. Didn't matter what he played, everybody on the dance floor did their thing. What really caught my eye was when they played "Gangnam Style". I kid you not I swear I saw at least 2 old ladies that could have been my grandma doing the dance like they were Psy themselves! Wow. Dinner and a show!  So we finally get our food. If you refer to my pics, these two dishes alone could have fed at least 4 people so we knew we were gonna have leftovers for the next day which wasn't a bad thing. Of course we had steamed rice to go along with it so if you think we were gonna eat it just by itself than you are so wrong.  Service was mediocre. Our server came by every so often to check up on us but it seemed like forever in between those times.  The food itself was definitely worth it just going there. Only thing is, I think its a bit pricey. The Sisig was 13 bucks and the Tokwat Baboy was 11 bucks. At some other Filipino places, it was definitely cheaper.  So in my opinion, if you don't mind the loud, blaring music and the out of tune karaoke singers, then eating here should be ok for you. Otherwise, call ahead and get your food to go.
Put your hot shoes on because this place knows how to party! I have never tried Filipino food before until now. Nothing says fun like great food, drinks and music. On some nights its karaoke night and other nights its top 40. Aside from the restaurant side, there is also a full bar. Never have I ever been to a place like Cafe Moda before, I never knew it was such a exciting place to be. They have a huge dance floor in the center of the room to let loose and dance the night away. I also hope you love line dancing ;) !
Ended my early birthday party here at Cafe Moda since we were shooting pool right nearby couple doors down. I never been here before but went too few of the restaurant in this little shopping mall and always thought from the name of more coffee shop. BOY talk about farther from the truth! It more like club at night. They do serve food but really here too dance the rest of the night away or look at other people getting their grove on. My first impression was I know not no strip club so not expect all the glamour or high tech stuff. They still have dg that was playing all the current catchy songs too some old ones. The place is pretty dark dark and if looking too meet someone good luck, You need night vision goggles too find them. Since low ceiling the place can get fairly loud so conversations need too shout in the ear. (really is it that much difference then club on the strip?). The drinks price I thought was fair but too be honest not much of club club person. I believe they take song requests and certain nights they have karaoke most nights?? The dance floor is actually decent size for the small location. Once it gets packed really hard too find table area so want hang out all night best too get there early. Cafe Moda definitely has its own personality and if looking too mix things up get away from the strip club or the cover charge Cafe Moda great choice. I would go get my grove on here again.
Updated review: I came here to celebrate my bday with some friends and coworkers (who I trust, shame aint it? lol). I knew what I wanted to eat, Sisig! The food is delish. Ok, one would think with regular ol soda there would be refills right? Boy, was I wrong. Majoring in culinary arts, that's the one thing I learned in purchasing, sodas are the only thing that really dont hurt a business, everything else? yeah.  Of course I sang a few songs.   Negative: Small dessert section. Charging extra for refills. Oh if you go as a group and have your check split, Dont count on it.   I did have a good time at the place, but its rather frustrating to have an establishment not to bend a lil. I mean what are they, AZ when it comes to the new law?  anywho, I have yet to find a good karaoke asian place on the east side o town.
I m not filipino but I luv their sisig, it s so good and I want to say it s the best sisig in town
After 2 years of trying to come here late night, I finally made it on a chill Sunday night out.  Drais always wins for the after party...lol.  But, FINALLY, I got to try the infamous sisig that my (once local) BFF raves about....and it did not disappoint.  YUM!  The hot, crunchy sisig here is the bomb.com....and that's sober!  I can only imagine after a night of drunken dancing.  It can get a little salty after awhile, but that comes with the filipino deep-fried food territory.  The lechon kwali is also delish and packs a crunch, which I'm all about!    All in all, this place is great for food.  It also is/turns into a club for dancing and hosts karaoke...super random, but I can see how it would be a spot for locals or anyone who is over the strip.  Sketchy area, but I will def be back...for food and maybe a song if I ever choose to come here over drai's one night...
I was duped!!!! Lack of karaoke. DJ talks too much. If I wanted to go to a club, I'd have gone to one. The food is the saving grace.
sisig is good but the service sucks and they have NO refills...i know it's a Filipino bar but seriously this is NOT the fckn Philippines! quit being CHEAP!
best karaoke sound system in town!  Sunday through Thursdays are great days to go if you like to sing. Friday and Saturday of you like to dance. they have a club like feel and good people here that work.
If you like ballroom dancing, then this is the best place for a party.  Had a party last week, great time, good food, lots of fun.
Reminded me of my mother and grandmother. Filipino reunion for the win! I love courgars!!!
nice!
It's loud here. Don't come here thinking you can quietly eat and actually enjoy your meal. And hopefully you do not get the corner seat which consists of a coffee table and a sofa or folding chairs which is conveniently located behind the blasting speakers.  The food gets two extra bonus stars because it's good.
It's a great place to come if you are craving sisig late at night.  Hands down I think they have the best sisig.  I believe you can order it in pork or chicken.  It's perfect with steamed rice and that alone hits the spot.  They have moderately priced drinks, and friendly enough servers.  I almost hesitated to give it three stars because I didn't like the ambience in there.  It feels small and  It's not for me but I would go back for the sisig.
It's three stars because I don't know how to rate it -- I didn't think it was very good at all when I went the other night during their grand opening, but maybe I just don't have a taste for it.  Service was prompt and polite.  The food?  Eh.  I had one of the house specials.  I didn't think it was very special.  I do think the waiter deserves bonus points for talking me into a half order rather than a full order.  The lemon-lime beverage was strong and sweet.
the food was alright, but the if you want to be annoyed the whole time while eating by the loud TV, and loud music playing on the other room from some kids trying to learn how to dance than go here.  every time i went it just gets worst and worst, one night the girls that were rehearsing on the other room played the same song over and over and over again, i think the whole time me and my family were there thats all they kept playing.  we asked the waiter to do something about it but he says he can't cause they're rehearsing.  so me having a smart mouth said, well than i guess u just lost some customers than.  only if they had a sound proof door separating the dance floor and the dinning room than it would be a good place.
I couldn't wait for this Filipino national chain to open up back in 2007.  I was there on opening week, at three-month mark, and then another three months later.  All visits were met with horrible service and mediocre food, most of which tasted canned.  If you feel like you must visit and eat here, then try the lechon.  It's the dish the chain is famous for back home.  It's the one item offered I cannot complain about.  Customer service is horrible; you may start with one server and end up with another.  You'll be lucky if either knows what the dishes they're serving are (none I stopped to ask could visually identify what the food they were bringing to the table were called), much less what ingredients they're comprised of, and these are servers that have been there for months (maybe even a few years, since I haven't been in for a very long time).  The first week was understandable, but the same lousy service extended to you after three months?  After six months??    On my last visit, I specifically stated I was in the mood for fresh seafood and asked the server, who was the brother-in-law of the manager, for some suggestions.  Upon hearing that I liked mussels, he suggested I try the mussel dish.  When I complained of the taste of the dish, the manager disclosed to me that the mussels were from a can.  What the !@#?  He then tried to appease me by saying that dessert would be on the house.    I was kept waiting for another 15 minutes or so while they tracked down my server, since he apparently left the property.  Knowing what I know now, I could wager a bet on where he went, but then I would be disclosing where I work, and I'd rather not.  He was finally called back in, and I tried the ube halaya dessert, which I now wished I did not waste 30 minutes of my life waiting for.  To top it off, the bill arrived with the charges including the disgraceful entree AND dessert.  Tsk, tsk.  The shame was all on me for coming back the third time...  Do yourselves a huge favor and do not eat here.  These proprietors used to do business in California.  Do some legwork and see why they left that state and set up shop here.  What a disgrace to the Barrio Fiesta reputation built back home.   (Actually, Barrio Fiesta has franchised so widely in the Philippines that it no longer has the great reputation it once did 20 or so years ago.  I think that Kamayan is a more-honored chain; I had the opportunity to dine at a Makati location in '99 and the food was FANTASTIC!)
Would you guys PLEASE stop putting Pinoy places in my path that I can't resist stopping at!    I was on my way down Alma School Rd. on my way to Chandler from my daughter's in Mesa when I spotted this place.  I went to the bakery "next door" (open between the two, not two different store fronts) and got a cheese pimento turnover, a chicken turnover/pie, and a Tuna Turnover_ to go, then came back over to the restaurant  side and sat down to order something to eat there.  I did feel like I was being treated as an oddity or an inconvenience rather than an appreciated customer.    Unfortunately they didn't seem to be set up for a singe person eating alone, so I had to order a huge bowl of Sinigang, enough to feed a family of 4 or 5 and then get a container to bring what I couldn't eat home.  The service was a little aloof-maybe they thought I wandered into the place by mistake instead of heading in here on purpose because I like Pinoy food so much.  I would hope if I lived around here and became a regular they would get to know me and be more friendly.  Racial profiling can work both ways of course.    The Sinigang was good, both hot, there on the premises, and cold the next day at home.  I wish I knew a group of people to come in here with! (4/14/09)
Oh man was I excited when I heard there was a Barrio Fiesta in Arizona. The one back home is BOMB and all I kept thinking on my way to this place was "lechon manok, lechon manok, lechon manok". But WTF, the waiter didn't even know what lechon manok was!! He was probably thinking "this white girl is crazy, a lechon can't be a manok!"  Anyhoo, I settled for fried chicken and lechon kawali. Yeah it was good, but not having the lechon manok killed it for me. Also, Barrio Fiesta's are usually good substitutes for mom's cooking.. but this place made me miss mom even more. If i can't find a better Filipino place, I'll probably be back.
The food was A-OK.
Tired of "plain old Golden Corral"?  Ok, here's an oddball buffet for you!  This mid-sized restaurant is nice inside, with an appropriate Tropical/Rattan look to it that gives it a back-home in the P.I. look.  I have visited the Philippines a number of times & love it over there, so when Norm R. suggested a visit to try the lunch buffet here, I was all for it, in spite of the very low previous ratings for the place here on Yelp.  Mike C. joined in, & the three of us headed over there "to get our fair share of abuse," to quote Mick Jagger.  I started with some nice "Americanish" fruit salad & then it was on to a bowl of Sinigang na Hipon, which is a chicken broth soup with whole shrimp & a few other things in it.  It was good once I deleted the front half of each shrimp.  (I don't like animals looking back at me as I'm eating them!)  Next was some good Kinilaw, which is a spicy raw fish dish similar to Ceviché.  Then there was Ampalaya Ginisa (main ingredients bittermelon & beef pieces), pansit (similar to lo mein), Lechon Kawali (deep fried pork belly plus sarsa, a dipping sauce), Lumpia (similar to a Spring Roll), just a little Dinuguan (pork stew in gravy that is thickened with blood).  Eek!  ...but it tasted ok.  I also enjoyed some tapa (think re-hydrated beef jerky), two kinds of rice, & more.  With a nice San Miguel Beer on the side, this made for an interesting buffet meal.  (It's served cafeteria style, & I'd say it's strictly for the adventurous diner, so you might want to leave the kids home for this one.)  Weekday Buffet Lunch $8.99, $7.64 Sr.
Try adobo rice! Everything was good! Since none of Indonesian restaurant in Arizona, the foods in this restaurant was similar with Indonesian foods with different name such as La Ing for Cassava leaf coconut sauce or "Sayur Singkong," Sinigang fish soup was awsome although I prefer with pampano fish (they didn't use this fish)...I always come again! Highly recommended!
I had dinner here last weekend with friends and shared a couple of dishes. We started the meal with delicious, crispy calamares then went on to nilagang baka (boiled beef and veggies), sisig (a spicy pork dish), relyenong talong (roasted eggplant covered with ground pork and scrambled egg), and fried chicken. The portions were generous, the dishes were good, and with rice it turned out to be too much food for the three of us, meaning we had some pretty good food to take home. It was Saturday night, so there was also Latin Dance instruction being given on the dance floor at the end of the restaurant, with several people enthusiastically trying out the steps being taught.   I came back today to try the lunch buffet with fellow yelpers Rand H. and Mike  C. The restaurant decided to venture into offering a lunch buffet option only recently, so I guess they are still feeling their way around in this field. The selection of viands was limited (especially if you're used to going to Chinese buffets). I liked the dinuguan (pork stewed in pork blood; this could be a bit daunting for the uninitiated), the lechon kawali (deep fried pork belly), the tapa (thinly sliced beef fried in garlic), the ampalaya (bittermelon with beef) and the kinilaw (the Filipino version of ceviche). Some of the dishes could have used some tweaking: the lumpia (spring rolls) could have been a bit more crisp, and the pancit noodles had an overcooked texture.    Come for the regular menu for lunch and dinner. The buffet also offers authentic Filipino dishes and will hopefully incorporate the needed tweaks in some dishes as they get more accustomed to offering this option. Four stars for the regular menu, three stars for the lunch buffet at this point.
Well 3 stars is "me" being nice. I love filipino food and eat it a lot.  A woman recommended this place to me so I decided to try it. I spent about almost $15 on Chicken Adobo and two odd lumpias. I took it to go and did not know that the meal does not come with white rice. The guy did not ask me if I wanted any either but I never met anyone that didn't eat there adobo without rice. So yeah... I had to make it when I got home. I wanted the thin rolls of lumpia and ended up with two wide rolls. It just did not taste that great to me and very bland.  I just can't say I could crave that food there. The person just took my order wasn't mean but wasn't nice either.  Customer service needs some work. Ugh! So the 3 stars is being nice but I know I can get better filipino food or make it myself.
I'm Filipino and I am picky about my food and I found that this place was just all right. I've had better food at different places. It was a bit over priced for the food portions they have.
I can't say I eat a lot of Filipino food, but my Filipino buddy says it's pretty authentic.  So I'm gonna have to take his word for it.  However, truthfully, I rather eat when he cooks for me :)  Some of the dishes I'm gonna have to pass, but there was a curry like beefy dishes I can appreciate.  It was like moms.  Nothing was overly seasoned, but I feel like it was under-seasoned.  Red Horse beer -- wow -- I drink whiskey these days and this beer got to me (I suck!).  Service, well I think if you speak Tagalog you'll be fine - you'll definitely get better service!  The place itself is pretty blah -- plain and simple.  I'm gathering on a Saturday night the place becomes a Salsa joint.  Nice touch for the business, but they close too early - Enjoy!
My wife is Filipino and I have been over there a number of times, mostly in Cebu City, but also Manila and a few other places. Barrio Fiesta is a known name there, at least in Manila, but I have to say this place is different than what one would experience in the Philippines.   Of course, it is not possible to get all of the ingredients here, so I guess we should cut them some slack. But other Filipino places do a better job, so that is not the entire reason.   I've been here at least half a dozen times, and each visit is a different experience. One time we will be pleasantly surprised and hasten back, only to find the quality has gone down hill. I have to assume that the quality depends a lot on which chef is working that particular day. The service is generally good, however, and I like it a lot better now that they serve San Miguel Beer. Prices are okay, maybe a little high--though we tend to order a lot when we visit.   I would say this place is worth a visit, but don't neglect some of the other Filipino restaurants in town.
Ashlee, Kerry & I came around 10pm and still they serve dinner. Dinuguan, Mechado, Kenchai Beef, Calamari, Kare Kare....it was too much but it was good. It was ballroom Friday night so it was a little bit LOUD.
Barrio Fiesta has pretty decent Filipino food for the Phoenix area. I tried the adobo and the crispy pata. Crispy pata is beyond delicious! If I am ever in the area again, I will go for that dish alone. The rest of the dishes are pretty authentic though. The ambience is a bit sub-par. It may need help in that department. They also turn it into dancing and karaoke after dark on weekends which is cool. This place is definitely a place to try if you're looking for filipino food and your in the area.
This place is very good for a filipino dinning experience.  It's a bit pricey but the service is good and the people are nice.  I would recommend it as they have many options on their menu.
the food here is delicious and cheap for a buffet.  unfortunately, i had to take off one star.  one star taken off because of the dining arrangement in the restaurant. it is very difficult to get a seat in there on a busy day because it's such a small space. also, if you are with a large group, you might have to end up sitting at separate tables or trying to cram about 6 people on the table in front of the buffet table where the kare kare is.  so even though its the whole seating thing that sucks, i'll still go there for the amazing filipino food and tfc on the tv.
Nanay Gloria's has good Filipino food for a fairly decent price. It's nice to see a Filipino buffet with the traditional Filipino meals such as kare kare (peanut butter beef stew), longanisa (Filipino sausage), beef steak with onions and lechon (fried pork). For dessert they sometimes will have the Ginataan (a Filipino sweet soup dessert made with coconut milk) Yum! This dessert itself is enough reason on why to go here. For all you health conscious fanatics out there hehe..Nanay Gloria's has added an all you can eat fruit bar too =)  As an added bonus, the people that work here are really nice and friendly.
For all of you hard core first generation filipinos that grew up on your mom's home cooked meals that you crave and cannot get anywhere unless you decide you want to cook for two hours...come to Nanay Gloria's!  (Mama Gloria's)  This place is a filipino buffet...just the way things are served at my family 'get-togethers';  there is a lot of food, it's always buffet style because we don't limit the food that's given to company...ever, and you cannot stop eating because the food is so good!  Seriously!  The food here is cooked as if I were at my mom's house and I lifted the pot lids to see what was cooking.  My mom always made food from fresh ingredients, never cooked from a recipe.  This next part may sound foreign and yeah, it is. I won't try to explain what these dishes are, just look at the picture!   At this buffet, there is tinapa, pancit, pakbet, lichon paksiw, sago, and halo-halo.  You may have had to acquire a taste to these dishes to appreciate them, but nonetheless it's worth trying if you've never had filipino food.   Wow!  I'm having visions of big spoons and forks hung over the dining table with a portrait of the last supper in black velvet texture!  Oh, and never mind the atmosphere - it's a dive and it's great!  You'll get the latest episode of filipino soap operas and can read the latest filipino newspaper that you see the same people in all the time.  $7 all you can eat buffet!  You can also take-out by pints and quarts at very reasonable prices.  Mabuhay!
This is a staple every time I go back to Vegas.  I really enjoy the food and love the prices.  I usually try to go at the tail end of breakfast because they'll start bringing out the lunch trays, and I get the best of both worlds.  The place is small.  The decor is minimal.  It's in a mini-mall (but everything is in a mini-mall in Vegas).  But, again, the food is so good that those things shouldn't matter.  Be warned: make sure you know Filipino food because it'll make the experience that much better.  Don't get me wrong.  You'll still get a good meal if you don't know.  It's just a matter of appreciating what you're getting.  when you have two aces, go all yelp
living in texas, i miss the convenience of great filipino food. there is something comforting about pancit, white rice and lechon. i get my fix every time i visit las vegas at nanay gloria's. my only suggestion is to get there early to get all the good stuff.  also, try the young mango with patis!
Excellent value for the price. Probably the best way to introduce Filipino food to people. The selection is big and the price can't be beat....
So I just came home from a weekend in the ever so exciting and mind blowing city of LAS VEGAS.. This past weekend was my "first" time in Vegas. Let me tell you this, I had the worst time ever, worst weekend ever and even bigger headaches.   After arriving Friday night and all plans going down the gutter and spending ALL night and morning looking for a place to stay (damn MTV VMA's) I finally got some sleep... Woke up at 12pm Saturday and my friends suggested to go to "Nanay Gloria's"...  As soon as I arrived at Nanay Gloria's.. For some reason, all the pain in my head went away... The smell of fresh rice, the tuyo and the ever so delicious longanisa just put me in complete contempt. I felt like I was back at home in my dinning room eating my Mom's home-cooked meal.   $5.99 for ALL YOU CAN EAT filipino food is a huge bargain.. Not JUST a bargain but a steal.. The food they serve is great quality and straight out of the kitchen. I didn't see any flies around nor any type of bugs.. And usually, going to a filipino or ethnic restaurant you see this. The place was moderately clean even with so many ppl coming in and out.   The food was delicious... I went into Nanay Gloria's with 11 of my friends and we completely OWNED the place up.   I highly suggest everyone to go here, especially if your feeling maybe a little home sick and things are going the way you planned it in Vegas, this is the remedy.   OH!!!!!!!!!!! OMG! I almost forgot, whatever you do, try the Cantaloupe juice drink! I can't even describe its amazing taste, I haven't had that good of a cantaloupe drink ever since i was a little boy with my bowl haircut in Philippines.  Only reason why I didn't give it a 5 star cause of its venue of course, it was a decent venue but I've been to better looking ones.
A woman at a local car rental place said that this was supposed to be one of the best in town and she was right - it was excellent.  Didn't have time to eat there, so got mongo beans and lechon to go. I'm probably the only person who was eating filipino food at the Valley of Fire State Park that day. It was GOOD. Crispy pork skin goodness. Lots of pork and bittermelon in the mongo. Yummy. It was hard to decide on just 2 things for combo takeout. Everything looked good.  It was full of people eating in groups. A good sign. Wish there was a place like that in Seattle. (Good quality, homemade-style Filipino food and lots of it.) For the price, it can't be beat.
out the three filipino restaurants i've tried in vegas, nanay has to be the best. this place is small, so it can get crowded which was the case when i came here for the lunch buffet.  they offered a large variety of filipino dishes...all freshly made.  loved the baby squid dish and the longinasa (a sweet sausage)...didn't see the lechon as others have mentioned, but will definitely have to go back to try it next time...and also the halo-halo.  the only item i didn't like was the fried plaintain (not part of the buffet)...nothing special  overall, great price for really good food...a keeper
Whenever im in Las Vegas watching Manny Pacquaio kicking someones @$$, I always take the time to stop by good ole' Glorias Filipino Fast food, me and Gloria are on a first name basis. $7 all you can eat buffet, who can beat that especially in this terrible economy. Sometimes ill get lucky and theyll have Kari Kari, my favorite Filipino dish. I wish I could find a Pinay in the U.S. that could cook that, I would marry her in a heartbeat. Too bad alot of them born and raised in the U.S. arent into cooking. Anyways, enough about my personal desires. Anyone looking to fill their tummies with good old Nanay style cooking for a reasonable price should definitely go to Nanay Glorias. Its Talagang Sarap  By the way, if anyone knows of a beautiful pinay or latina (im attracted to both) single female, no kids, never been married, outgoing, down to earth, within the age of 30-25 who can cook Kari Kari, please feel free to message me. Okay, Ill stop with the personal ads.
All dishes are exceptionally good. Very affordable prices. Buffet style with plenty of selections. I used to go here a few times a week, that's how good they are..
Yay! I'm a fan. I was craving rice and a nice cooked meal after a long night on the Strip.  My friend took us here for lunch and I didn't want to leave. They had TFC on the flat screen. All you can eat for $8! Another cool thing, my hubby loves sigsig, and my friend called ahead to see of they had it.  They didn't, but they would have it ready for us by the time we arrived!  So awesome. We tried about 7 different dishes, and about half a cup of the rice I was feening for. Ha!
Every dish I tried at Nanay Gloria's was extremely good. Since I tasted just about everything and I do not know names of many of the dishes, I am not going to review each one. Every dish was equally tasty. Everything tastes homemade. YUMMY!!!  I think this place has became my go to restaurant for Filipino food in Las Vegas. I would suggest anyone to give it a try. I promise you will not be disappointed.   Did I forget to mention? It is a buffet!!! For two people, I paid $15.06. What a deal?!?!  Thank god I found a Filipino restaurant I love!
Buffet is abundant in Las Vegas, but a filipino food buffet?  Well here is one.  It is a hole in the wall, but there is plenty of good food.  There is so much dishes and actually well prepared with good flavors.  It's only 6.99 per person and with all that food it is definitely worth it and a must try.    I am from California and I am used to the 2 or three item combos.  But this is great especially if for a small price you want to try many dishes you haven't tried before.  You just serve yourself and you pay at the end of your meal.  How great is that?
came here in apr 09 and just now getting around to review this place.  usually when i hit cali or vegas, i go to dj's but my friend recommended going here instead. was a little hesitant at first cuz it was right before dinnertime 4pm, parking lot was empty, and the restaurant had one patron. so my thought was the food was leftover from lunch sitting around and not replenished.  i was definitely won over. the price was good, the food was quite good, and the buffet style AYCE was very, very good.  all my favorites were here mungo, pinakbit, taro leaves in coconut milk, singigang, pusit, and fried tilapia.  dessert they had cut up fruit which i didn't have any cuz i was too darn full! they have other desserts like suman and cassava for purchase.  i will be back nanay Gloria. you can count on it as much as I count on the quality of your tasty entrees!
Great place to eat. Food is awesome especially the bicol express and fried chicken skin..........all you can eat...........heart attack.  A lot to choose from and food is really good. Well worth the 7.99. Will go again when i visit Las vegas again.
My first time trying this filipino restaurant in las vegas. HORRIBLE! i would not come here ever again. The beef mechado was hard, the pancit looked like it has been sitting under the sun and the look on it was soggy and to top it off, didnt have much flavor to it. The Beef Steak was dry and meat was a bit hard, the melon drink had no kind of flavor. I mean i can go on FOREVER with this place. Its not an AUTHENTIC FILIPINO restaurant, if that's what you're looking for. You're better off going to Pinoy, Pinay on E. Sahara if this was the case. for $6.99 i guess that's the food that you will be paying for. Not recommended at all!
Yes another Filipino Food Buffet. Yes we ate a buffet with food we could have had here at home in SD. Yes WOWOWEE was on the tv and we watched while we ate.  Yes, I know, why do all that in Vegas?   Don't judge me.       Food was good! You know why? Because they had SISIG!! Spicy too!! YUM!
This review might not make a lot of sense to anyone that knows filipino food, because I was pretty much a lost lamb in here. Actually more like a pretty tall white girl who had no idea what she was eating.   The buffet for 6.99 is a steal so points there for sure. I tried pretty much everything they had out when I went in for a late lunch. I tried a bright yellow curry looking dish that I thought would be fish but turned out was tripe. It was pretty good. Pretty sure I got the lechon as well...definitely knew I wasn't on a diet at that point. Also some sort of pork stew was really good.   This spot is like going to grandma's house. Good food and lots of it in a really laid back environment. Will definitely have to return with some filipinos so I can get schooled :)
I enjoy the lumpia and pancit. Each year we have a roasted pig at our Holiday potluck at work. It's always tasty.
There is one thing in life that I love, which are Vintage Fashion, House Music, Yoga, amazing food and especially all you can eat buffets!   5 Stars to Nanay Gloria for quality & price. It is a small venue and tables are limited and full.  However, Filipinos love to share so Ninongs, Tatay's and Nanay's will share their table with you.  $7 for all you can eat at Nanay Gloria's....Girl vs Food says let's go!!!
Great filipino food at reasonable prices.  I love filipino food and wanted something that reminded me of home a few days ago.  This is a great place to grab some authentic cuisine when you're on the go or in for lunch. The food is, of course, displayed buffet style in the front, and you choose what you want to eat.    I suggest the fried pork belly and adobo.  They change it up once in awhile, too, so you have to stop in to see what is served for the day.  Overall, the food is great and I love their adobo a lot!  Tip: they sell some filipino snacks on the side if you're looking for sticky rice or those powdery cookies.
When I'm in Vegas, I usually eat what is close by and it's usually a buffet.  There are times when you want to eat something else and this place is it.  Food is awesome, they always refill when it runs out and if you stay long enough, they may put something new in the buffet lineup.  Did I mention this place is C H E A P!  On the strip, you will pay $25 to $30 min right?  I barely spent $10 here.  If you like the best Filipino Buffet in town, go here and don't forget to Yelp it!  Also, get ready for a packed place, it is very small here.
Best Filipino food in Las Vegas!!  Price is great! Only $6.99 per person and it is all you can eat buffet style!!  Go there anytime after noon and before 7pm. They are constantly putting out new food!  The place is small but totally worth the wait! My favorite dish is the lechon/pork sisig!!
Very small and very busy at lunch time but well worth the wait. I'm a halfie but look white so I get stared at while getting my grub on but I'm used to it.  Delicious!!!
Nanay Gloria's has really turned me on to Filipino food.  Walking into this small buffet style restaurant makes me feel as though I'm in the Pillipines..! It's hot and humid in there and there is a television on the wall streaming either a soap opera or "wow-wow-wee" (a game show).    Good ol' filipino comfort foods such chicken adobo, sinigang, fried mackerels, and other braised meats and veg.  The look of it all is not so appealing but once you get a taste, there's so much flavor and depth to each dish, not to mention a lot of fatty goodness.  If you're lucky you'll find lechon or sisig, a filipino delicacy of crispy fried pork belly.    The day to day offerings at Nanay Gloria's varies but that is what makes it exciting.   Every now and then they will have Ta-ho... a soft tofu desert with brown syrup and black tapioca balls. My favorite..  Nanay Gloria's is what filipino food is all about...
Good food - not as good as my Mom's but it will do.
Pssh...I thought the best Filipino Food was in Daly City.  But damn you Las Vegas, Nanay Gloria's serves up some real good food!  Not to mention, it's the only Filipino business I've ever been to where the TV was tuned to Jerry Springer and not TFC/GMA.  Whoa!  Tried out Nanay Gloria's infamous $6.99 buffet and I gotta say, it was so worth it.  They had about 12-14 items on the buffet and what was cool is that if something ran out, which hopefully wasn't your favorite item, they'd put something new on the buffet.  There were a few items I didn't try mostly because I couldn't identify but, the food was super good.  Kare-Kare - If you're lucky enough to get some meat pieces, it's way delicious. Lechon Kawali - Cholesterol at it's finest.  Cooked perfectly and was crispy. Pancit - There were two versions of pancit the whole time we were there, the darker version tasted much better. Caldareta - The beef could've been a little more tender but the sauce was yummy and had the right amount of sweetness. Afritada - So damn good!!  When we were about done, they brought out the Empanadas which cost extra but if I wasn't full, I would've definitely tried one out.  Here are a few tips before visiting Nanay: -They work on an honor system.  So, grab a plate near the cashier and serve yourself.  You'll pay when you're done. -Sodas are in the very back.  Yes, they have Sarsi as well.  Again, you'll pay when you're done. -It gets crowded and can be a little hard to maneuver around.  So, if Tita Baby elbows you, let her, she's hungry and so are you...so blow it off.
Visited Nanay Gloria's for the first time two weeks ago and was first surprised at how many different entrees there were to choose from! It's sad to say but I don't know my Filipino dishes aside from the typical ones you see at Filipino family parties and the ones you know by only looking at rather than taste. This was the case the day I was at Nanay Gloria's. I took only the pancit, lechon, and after searched high and low for sisig, since that is almost always to be found at Filipino all-you-can-eats but sadly, I found none.. until one of the very friendly workers behind the counter offered me the last of the sisig. Apparently they keep the sisig in one of those to go containers? Anyway, I was happy and excited to try the sisig since it looked pretty appealing but I was disappointed. My first reaction was why in the world was the sisig chewy and when my dad tasted a piece, he said it was lechon sisig? Idk but that was definitely not my cup of tea. The pancit and actual lechon were so-so. After engaging in some conversation between meals, I noticed one of the workers put out a steaming tray of ginataan. I quickly filled a bowl for each of my family members and myself and I'm pretty sure we all had the same look on our faces after the first spoonful. The ginataan was SO sweet that it did not even taste like ginataan.  Overall, this place is okay - the atmosphere is nothing special and I noticed they had some show on GMA playing on their TV. Sorry Nanay Gloria, your price of $6.99 is good but I've eaten at better Filipino all-you-can-eats and.. I'm team TFC Kapamilya.
Great price! Especially for those that have gambled away all their money and looking for a lot of food for very cheap. Not walking distance from the strip but close enough where you won't miss the Casinos that much.   Only $6.99 per person, all you can eat, buffet style.   They are always changing up their menus so do come back if you enjoy descent Filipino food. I'm not a big fan but it gets the job done.
Want filippino food. This place can serve the whole family... It's all you can eat & there's plenty of selections. Make sure to use a new plate when going back for seconds, they like it that way.
This place offers a decent place to get Filipino food on the go.   It's not the best Filipino food I've had, but for the prices it works for me.   It's a turo-turo restaurant, meaning they have a buffet of food and you get rice and two sides or similar combos. Selection changes a bit from day to day. I personally prefer actual sit down Filipino restaurants where they have a menu, but sometimes this is just easier. You can also eat there and treat it as a buffet. A great thing if you're looking to get full.   Oh, but I will say it's my favorite place to get Sisig [it's a spicy crispy pork dish]. They make it oh so good.   It's a pretty small place and gets pretty busy and crowded. So expect to get friendly with some people.
I had a tip from my Filipino friend in San Francisco to go here for some good Flip food.  We found it and tried it.  I am a big fan of Filipino food, even though it can be greasy.  My favorite dishes are sigsig, bistek, and pata.    Pros:  Buffet style.  Lots of Variety.  Two dishes stood out - the pata and the beef curry dish.    Cons:  I only liked 2 out of the 10+ dishes I tried.  I guess this is Filipino fast food and connot compare to the likes of Ong Pin in Daly City, CA
2/2   Happy Birthday to me !  -=)   I went with the family to eat at Nanay Gloria's for breakfast today (I was totally craving Longanisa).   Longanisa is a filipino sausage that is usually either sweet / spicy.  Nanay Gloria's Longanisa is not spicy at all.  Anyhow, I went at 9 am in the morning.  It wasn't too crowded, so finding a table wasn't a hassle.  This place is small, so on some days it can be real difficult to find a place to sit and eat.  The place also has a Flat Screen hanging with TFC (The Filipino Channel) on.  Here's the deal:  PROS- * All - you - can - eat brunch for approx. $6.00 (w/o a beverage) * Good selection of authentic Filipino cuisine I recommend their Longanisa, Beef Steak, Garlic Fried Rice, & Pancit * Filipino Channel while you eat * MangTomas, Jufran, and Vinegar w/ onion @ every table * Everything tastes just like home ! * Take out option * Good for the Family  CONS- * small space w/ uncomfortable seating arrangement (spacing  between tables suck...I may as well start conversation with the stranger sitting next to me because they can easiily hear everything I say.  I don't think this place would be wheelchair accessible) * Desserts/Drinks are not included in the AYCE * They only take cash (No Credit Cards... it's 2011... Hello).  The weird thing about this place is that you pay after you eat... That's rare now-a-days.  I'd give Nanay Gloria's more stars, if it weren't for the minimal (and warm) selection of fruit, the lack of water available (they need to keep an eye on their community water pitchers), and all the other cons that I listed above.  Overall though, if you are looking for quality authentic Filipino dishes for a cheap price, this is the way to go! Recommended!
Masarap ang lutong ni Nanay Gloria! (Nanay Gloria's cooking is good).   The food was pretty decent and nicely flavored. We were surprised at the selection- we were expecting to have maybe half the choices offered.  From what I recall there was-  mungo (mungbean with bittermelon and pork), - pretty okay, but I make it better since mine is very meaty/savory paksiw baboy (pork slices in a sweet soy sauce), * - BF loved this. Sweet, sticky, but nice flavors.  ginesang pusit (sauteed squid w/ chilies, and bellpepper), *- I really liked this. Right on with the flavors. pancit (thin glass noodles),- was okay  sisig (chopped pork with vinegar, chilies and onion), *- made with the lechon kawali, lots of chilies, added more vinegar for a kick ginetaang baboy (pork in coconut &shrimp paste sauce), *- this was good. I love coconut milk based dishes lechon kawali (crispy fried or roasted pork belly), - good, crispy. Like always, big layer of fat, but at least you can pick it off it you're not a fat lover.  lengua estofada (beef tongue slices in a tomato soy sauce)* - the tongue was really soft, but I like how they kept them in thick slices to keep it juicy inside. The sauce was good, but I scraped a lot off since I like tasting more of the lengua flavor afritada manok (chicken in a tomato sauce- has bellpepper, potatoes, carrot),- I didn't try ginisang (squash, shrimps, green beans, bittermelon sautee)- grabbed only some green beans, okay ginisang ampalaya (bittermelon sauteed with eggs)- didnt try seafood ginetaang (mixed seafood in coconut milk)- didnt try diniguan (pork cooked in it's blood and spices)*- pretty decent for the standard style of doing diniguan. I do it in a different style which no restaurant makes and I feel is tons better palabok (thick rice noodles in a sortve "gravy" sauce)- mushy, didnt like pork afritada (pork tomato sauce stew- has peas, potatoes, hotdog, bellpeppers)- had a small bite only, decent Nilaga Baka (beef broth soup with chunks of beef and veggies like bokchoy, cabbage, potato)- didn't have kaldereta (beef stew)- pretty decent, but a bit more oily than I make it kare kare (oxtail, tripe, eggplants and green beans in a thick peanut sauce)- no oxtails to be found, way too oily, but the tripe was nice in it. beef steak (sliced beef and onions in soy sauce)- this was okay...it was straight soy...lacking that signature sauce lemony/soy/beefy flavor  fried salmon- didnt try fried bangus/milkfish*- pretty good! my favorite fish and it was fresh.  pata na paksiw (pork leg/hocks cooked in soy and banana flowers)- didnt try, I dont really like the fatty leg rims ginetang (warm coconut milk dessert with sweet yams and tapioca)- too full to have dessert banana que (bananas fried with sugar) - too full to have dessert fresh fruit bar- watermelon, oranges, pineapple, etc. - looked fresh  The * are some of our favorites. BF really loved the paksiw- tender and nice flavor, I love the lengua the best.   There are some extras you can buy but we were hella full to grab them. They have chicken empanadas, crispy pata (deep fried pork leg), sweets like polvoron (powdered milk "cookie"), pastillas (chewy milk candies), cashew tarts, tamarind candy, turon (fried banana and jackfruit "eggroll" cooked with a coating of sugar on the wrapper), kuchinta (steamed rice cake), pichi-pichi (rice and cassava cake rolled in grated coconut).    BTW- they are CASH ONLY. Lucky I had cash today, I normally don't roll with much more than a few bucks for tips and my cards.   Simply put- compared to the Filipino a-la-carte places nearby, this is better in terms of quality and flavor and freshness (they have decent traffic so it doesn't sit forever). Add in the kicker that you can eat all you want for $7!. Some items were a miss like the palabok was mushy, but most were decent to good, spot on flavors. I can't complain since I can pick and choose what I want to eat and can skip out on the a-ok items and pig on the things I love.   Yes, there's a bit of fat, a bit of grease, but nothing that you can't scoop out. It's kinda part of the culture...Flipinos enjoy their fat. It's not  really more than say other greasy cuisines like diner food, chinese, soul food, etc.. It's why I don't eat out all the time though is so I can savor these when I do decide to eat something greasy and homey.  I think that's partly why MY mother's food is best to me- she tends to buy only higher end, leaner meats, but cooks with all the love and flavor. I got used to my moms health conscious, yet still flavorful Filipino, but she's no where close so I'll take something 2nd best to moms cooking....specially since I don't cook my own cultures food on a regular at home (for shame, I know and I call myself a "cook").   Will definitely be back!
I stopped by here on a random day off. I didn't realize it was a breakfast buffet. For around $7.50, I had AYCE of the all the Filipino favorites - sinangag, egg, tocino, tuyo, longanisa, etc. There are also non-breakfast items. I pretty much stuck to the breakfast, but I grabbed a bowl or two of some sinigang - warm soup always goes well with Filo brekkie items.  Everything was good. Obviously, since the eggs were pre-cooked and sitting out, they weren't optimal. I was really looking for a "ToSiLog" type of breakfast with a less cooked egg, but this buffet satisfied my craving.  3.5 stars
The place is small, and it gets jammed pack. for the price you pay, you can't beat it. $7.50 AYCE buffet style is really good. Food here is good as well. =) you cant go wrong with any of the items.
Sometimes, one feels like eating a home cooked meal which is why I go to Nanay Gloria's once awhile in Las Vegas.  It's not like mom's home cooking but it has some comforts of home.  The expectation of maintaining a healthy diet shouldn't be in your mind when entering this restaurant too.  It is, of course, Filipino cuisine--lots of fried and greasy goodness.  The restaurant is small and serves a buffet style fare for only $7.49.  Seating is pretty cramped and limited so I wouldn't advise on bringing large groups.  Once you find a table get your grub on.  It's Filipino style, first come first served.  The most popular items usually run out, like oxtail, although I did not see it there when I went.  Dig on some of the different types of adobo (way of cooking food in the Philippines), pancits, and some lechon kawali (crispy pork).  Whatever you decide to eat here, don't forget to bring your heart monitor.  The food here is a cardiac arrest waiting to happen.  Don't forget to pay the cashier when you finish your buffet, and please leave a small tip in the tip box.  They do, of course, have to clean up your table's litter.
This place is only for Filipinos who are too lazy cook for themselves and are willing to eat dirt as long as it is called Filipino. Perhaps I am just white guy spoiled by a Filipina wife who cooks better than anyone on the planet, but I tried only the Nanay Gloria dishes that my wife cooks at home for comparison and I came very close to puking on the table. So, if someone invites you to this restaurant, they are either trying to kill you or prove that they hate you. Run, run fast and far before eating at Nanay Gloria's restaurant.
Yelpers I agree. The format of the buffet line is very confusing. It gets packed in here at certain times. The food is great! I personally cannot cook most of these dishes. I'm not really the best judge for taste. All I know is that the food taste good to me.
I love this place, great food. I wish they have one in San Jose
I saw this place when I was leaving the restaurant next door. I got 2 empanadas to go and they were delish!!  Can't comment on the buffet except that everyone there seemed to be enjoying it. I'll be back to try it.
:)  If you want a crash course in Filipino cuisine here you go.  It's a buffet, it's cheap, and has all the Filipino staples.  The food isn't amazing by any means, but it is definitely an easy one stop shopping if you want to just try everything.  But remember, as my friend always tells me, Filipino food isn't supposed to be fancy, so eat up and enjoy! :)
Carenderia style FIlipino restaurant... Can't beat their buffet of $7 (LUNCH) for yummy Filipino food.. Tables are too near each other, and they accept CASH ONLY but I love their Menudo and Bistek! I love going to this place when craving for fast Filipino food.
Not bad!  For the price this is a great filipino buffet. I felt at home there... but then again, I'm half-filipino. For non pinoys, I wouldn't suggest this restaurant. None of the food is labeled. I didn't know what half of the food was, so I stuck to my favorites. But if you're adventerous and have very   The food is very homestyle, as most Filipino food is. Very down to earth, and unpretentious. Their pansit is very good, and I loved their sinigang.   The atmosphere was great, but if you're not filipino, you may feel a little out of place. The value of the fod, however, is unbeatable. About $8 with tax. If you're filipino and want some cheap food, I suggest trying Nanay Gloria's!
Yep, it's a solid 3 star.  I like trying the variety of food...some of the dishes I have never tried before...and will not know how to order in the future...but none of them truly stood out.  There are many filipino restaurants in las vegas, and I feel that they are all better:  DJ Bibingkahan, Ito'y Sariling Atin, and especially Elena's.  There was only fruit for dessert.  The price was reasonable, and the food decent.  I will however go back to Elena's.
The food was ok. Not bad for all you can eat for $7. The restaurant could be cleaner. It wasn't outstanding, but ok. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
I've had better flip food but for $7.49 AYCE and open till 10pm Mon-Fri, how can you complain?  There's a decent selection - maybe 15+ items including sinigang, pancit, chicken adobo, and many of the other traditional specialties.
Maybe it's my personal taste. Maybe I'm just biased. Maybe I just set high standards for my fellow Filipinos, but if I'm coming here to fork up $7.95 to eat some decent Filipino dishes, I would hope that I could taste some culinary spirit in my taste buds.   I love the concept of "turo-turo". This means to point and pick your dishes. It reminds me a lot of my Philippine vacations when I was a little girl. I was always so eager to point at all the things I liked.   Now, I only come here for the sake of my mother. She loves this place, the dishes they offer, and the taste of home. But for me, I feel like this place just doesn't live up to culinary expectations of a really good, home cooked Filipino cuisine.   The dishes they offer here is a hit or miss for me. Yesterday, it was a miss. A variety of the dishes I picked out were really cold, and have been sitting out for a while. The dishes also started to taste the same as well. I love Tocino, but when I took a bite of the Tocino dish they offered, it was REALLY dry. It had none of that awesome thick burning sweet sauce I love so much. The Pancit Malabon is also my favorite noodle dish. However, there were no pieces of chicken or meat to found. There were no pork grind crumbs, or any hint of green garnish from chopped onion that I hoped for. It was all noodle. My heart was really torn. I really wanted to cry.  My experience here just isn't satisfying for me. Unless they can cook better than my mommy, auntie, grandma, uncle, cousin, friends, and my friends' parents. Then I won't feel like they can provide me anything of monetary value.
This is the Filipino buffet my family and I frequent, and for good reason. Most places offer really greasy food and it just looks so unappetizing. Other places also mostly have meat items and my family and I would like to see more variety namely seafood and vegetable dishes. With that said, that's why Nanay Gloria is our favorite place to go (second would be Kusina ni Loraine).   My only complaint is the limited seating. If you come during busy hours you will most likely not have a seat :(
I'd give this Filipino buffet 3.5 stars.  It is better than okay, but I would not say that I am a fan of the place.  We frequent here if the whole family of in-laws are with us.  The price of the buffet is very affordable, and no one complains about the price.  They have many food choices such as pancit, adobo, lechon kawali, etc.  Everything tastes pretty good and fresh.  The place can get very crowded, especially if our family is there.  The seating is a bit crowded.  I recommend coming here if you are on a budget and want to eat some decent filipino food.
Let me start off by saying this place is worth ever penny. 8 bucks for a buffet.  My brother and I haven't had phillipino food for 3 years. We were craving some goat, dinuguan,  and chicken adobo. unfortunately, they didn't have dinuguan, "next time" , they said. That's fine with me, because DAAAAANG was the rest of the food good, everything was "fall-off-the-bone" melt-in-your-mouth tasty.   When we walked in, we felt at home, as the old fillipina grandmas behind the counter couldn't help but explain all of the great foods they've cooked.   If you've just finished watching "bizzarre foods with Andrew zimmern" , and you're now craving some of that mouth watering amazingness, sloppy, cartilagous , fatty good stuff, this is the spot. Full of flavor.   I'm going back. 5 stars.  Edit : went back 2 days later. They had dinuguan. It was delicious.
if you want to give your wallet a rest, this is the place. So many selections of food for a filipino buffet at  lunch. Can't count any longer after 10 fingers  for  less than $ 8. I don't think any one can cook kare-kare, sisig, mechado, dinuguan, lechon, and much more for "$ 8.00"! The food was a-okay, but can't beat anyone in the strip for that price. You have to drive from the strip to get here since this is located at the other side of the freeway. If you are in groups, this is worth the drive. I give this place 3 stars only because i don't eat that much and i think that because it is a buffet, they cook the food in bulk. I don't feel that they cook with their heart.
Okay, it does depend what time you get here. Three stars if you're strolling in here in the evening, and a definite four if you walk in during lunch time.  Went in during an evening to scratch the itch with the homie Akk from Stain Tattoo next door. I get my regular three items whenever I venture into a Filipino restaurant. Sinigang na baboy (pork and veges in a sour tamarind base), Lechon kawali (deep fried pork), and chicharon bulaklak (deep fried pork intestines).   The sinigang na baboy is up to par. I can't complain. Now since it was in the evening, the sought-after items were down to the last pieces. I'm talking about the lechon kawali and chicharon bulaklak. This can be a good and bad thing all at once. Part of me was glad that there were only pieces left of those two items. I get a few of the kawali and bulaklak. Everything was gone on my first plate. I gets up and tries to get more kawali and bulaklak. All gone for the day. Nick D explains it perfectly in his review. "Cholesterol at its' finest". I swear to God this stuff is bad for you. I liked that they have the secret sauce that makes lechon even more heavenly on every table. Mang Tomas! You my only friend! Their vinegar sauce is one of my favorite sauces between the other Filipino restaurants. Seasoned vinegar with chucks of onions marinating and just waiting to be dunked with unhealthy pieces of chicharon bulaklak. OH MY CHRISTO!!! SUS-MAR-YO-SEP!!! My body was thanking Nanay Gloria's that they were out and was not going to be making anymore the rest of the day.  THEN, I stroll in here one day during lunch. I had two FULL PLATES of the bad stuff. I had to talk myself into just paying and leaving as soon as possible.  Great price for a buffet. Definitely a great place for a cheat day from the gym.
Bang for your buck!
You can not beat delicious all-you-can-eat Filipino food for $8.  With a rotating menu, you'll never know what you'll get.  The kare-kare is delicious and a favorite of mine.  There is always a pancit served, although a different kind everytime.  With all-you-can-eat, try a bit of everything.  They have expanded their space to allow for bigger crowds.
My wife is Filipino and we enjoy good filipino food. We came here because we saw there was a buffet. When we walked in we were not greeted. We grabbed our plates and started getting food from the buffet. We sat down to eat. The adobo was bland and the beef steak was tough. My wife and I both swelled up after eating. MSG maybe.......All I can say is this place is ass backwards. Eat first buffet then pay. No greeting at all. Serve yourself canned soda. Thumbs down!
Cheap Filipino buffet and lots of food to choose from.
My family came to visit me from Hawaii during the hottest week of June 2013. During their stay I took them to Nanay Gloria's for late lunch.  From other reviewers description of the possible wait for a table, we were lucky that it wasn't crowded at all.   You seat yourself.  There is no instructions from the staff to what to do - no signs, either.  So, don't expect a greeter.  I think there should be one, though!  In any case, Thank goodness for reading the reviews here on yelp - so, I told my family just pick a table and start filling your plate.   For water there is a water cooler and ice bucket with plastic cups off to the corner.  If you want regular drinks, ask the busboy that comes around cleaning the tables.    The restaurant is pretty clean - we noticed that it took a bit for the bus boy to clean the tables from previous customers.  Otherwise,  the dining area is relatively clean AND the buffet area is VERy VERY clean.  There are signs throughout the buffet area starting from the plate sections of the health rules:  basically, do not come up to buffet table with your used plates.  Must get new plates and bowls.  I was relieved that they at least had these signs.    They have large plates (for starches) and small bowls to put your other entrees - initially, we just piled it on our plates.  Only, when we saw what other new customers were doing on loading their plates:  large plates for starches and small bowls for other foods.  Theres no rules But I thought I would mention it here.  :)  The food was pretty good - a large variety.  I guess you never know what will be served.  We all enjoyed it.  We especially loved the pancit.  Very simple yet yummy.  We all tried everything.  It was all good and tasty Filipino dishes.  I liked the fried smelt - or, dilis.  so - good!  My aunt liked the beef stew (Nilagang baka).   The dinuguan was good - no grit.  There was a lot to choose from!  However, the dessert is priced separately.  We didn't try any of it but the turon and cascaron looked yum.  I  noticed a customer got some and looked happy eating it.    In the back of the restaurant - there is a little grocery area where you can buy ingredients for a meal or buy crackers and candies from the Phillipines like polvoron.  So, check out the back for more.  My only real negative was that the air conditioned was not on full.  It felt humid in there.  Outside was literally 113 degrees and we had hoped to cool in a restaurant but we were disappointed.  It was not cool at all!!   They were stingy on the air-conditioning!  The staff behind the buffet didn't smile at all.  We didn't feel welcomed.  Even when we paid, there was no smile.  We were 4 filipino women just wanting to eat - nothing strange about us.  So, don't expect a friendly staff.    In any case, I would come here again - maybe cooler climate. LOL   :)
A little bit crowded for such a small place especially Sunday. Your Typical filipino food served here from adobo to bistek.  They have longanisa and eggs in the morning.. Cheap and the food is good..
Visiting from the bay and our friend highly recommend us to come here and try it and so we did. The food was good but some of the meat was hard. But what disappointed me was the service. I just wishes they were more friendlier and nicer. But other than that it was good.
Great food, cheap prices and a clean place to eat.  Will be back!
I give it a 3 1/2 stars.  My Pilipino Peeps say Nanay Gloria's is great!  "Hoi nakong, you will bee pull!  Da beep-stek is delicious!" I was told by an older patron, which I think thought I was one of her relatives.  Oh well, we do what we do!  Be respectful and tell nanay 'salamat'.    Nanay Gloria's is a Filipino eatery, they do either choices with rice and soup, or you can go for the gusto and do the all-you-can-eat-especially-if-you-love-pork option for about $7.50.  Do the buffet folks!  It's worth it if you have the time and are familiar with a lot of the dishes offered.  Which day to day will differ, but it's a good thing especially if you don't mind change.    We manage to always miss breakfast at Nanay Gloria's.  Some say it is probably the best meal they serve.  Rice, eggs, tocino, tomatoes, sweet longanisa (oh how I relish those potent loganisa burps), what's not to like?  And for a buffet?  Even better!  And with the breakfast buffet usually the lunch items are already mixed in there as well.  Brunch if you will.  All for the same price!  If you're gonna go, go BIG I say.  We usually get here for lunch and there's often a crowd.  It can get busy between late breakfast and early lunch.  Seating is pretty limited, but at least there is a dining area on the opposite side of the buffet line.  But be aware when you go to Nanay Gloria's, the rooms are warm!  Even with the AC on I was still sweatin' a bit.  I don't know if they are just trying to save money by keeping the thermostat at the 80s or folks working there want to feel like they are back home in the islands...hot and humid!  Bring a fan to cool yourself down just in case.    The food?  Overall not bad.  Everything there goes lovely with white rice (which they server plenty of).  If you're into the carb and gluten-free life proceed with caution.  Hell, if you're watching your cholesterol proceed with caution!  Nanay Gloria's is some down home, stick-to-your-ribs food, and is often sitting in 'juice'...aka 'grease'...aka 'fat=flavor'.  Don't nobody be draining the fat!  Bastos!  I like my crispy pata.  I like my bistek.  I like my adobo.  I like my bangus.  I like my sinigang.  I like it all over my rice.  Trust me, there are a number of pork dishes available at Nanay Gloria's, but I stick with my basic favorites.  Just hook me up a plate of food with a side of vinegar and garlic for dipping, some jufran, and a bottle of all-purpose sauce...and I'm set.  Let the battle begin!    We literally cannot go there more than once every couple of months.  It just takes a lot out of you!  Cholesterol and salt content must be monitored!  And extra runs on the treadmill help too.  But oh do I like the food.  So the next time you want some pretty authentic Filipino food and you're on a budget, hit up Nanay Gloria's.  You will be greeted with a smile and and empty plate.  Fill that sucker up!
Came to Vegas, craved some filipino food and thanks to yelpers we gave this place a try. We ordered to go and was happy to see a wide variety of choices. I also liked how there was a little of everything versus a whole pot of something that's sat the whole day heating.  We chose lechon sisig, the pancit, menudo and adobo. Service was fine and we were happy with the price. Two items for about 6.50!! That's pretty good.  The food taste wonderful. The sisig a bit spicy but the taste didn't disappoint. Everything else we got was good too and had the traditional filipino flavors.  Glad this place didn't disappoint and was the usual fast food buffet I've seen in LA and in Diego.
I love going here for breakfast and lunch, mostly breakfast . Their longanisa is the best, along with the tocino. I was kind of flustered by the "cash only" part. They were nice enough to let me drive off and grab some cash. It's an overall good place for cheap eats. I seriously recommend breakfast. It's the best.
The food is awesome, but they do not accept debit/credit cards. It is 2014. Get a machine and I'll come back. Until then, I'll find another mom and pop Filipino restaurant that will accept them. It maybe a petty thing, but not everyone carries cash. Y'all need to get with the program.
For $7.49, I had to give this place 4 stars for good authentic Filipino food and great value. There were over 20 buffet items to chose from. Our whole group consisted of 9 people and Nanay Gloria's was able to accommodate with plenty more available seating. This place is comparable to the Filipino all-you-can-eat joints in San Diego, if not better. If you need to satisfy that sweet tooth, they have desserts here than can be purchased separately. This will definitely be one of the spots we hit up when we come back to Vegas from Cali.
I am Filipino. Born and bred. I know Filipino food. This is mediocre. I guess for a cheap Flip food to satisfy a craving then perhaps this is a place you can try.  The location is good.. Not tucked away in some far off street. It's right by China Town. Which is good.  The staff are not as friendly. They didn't even make eye-contact when I was asking questions. And we are Filipinos and supposedly hospitable. But then again, I guess that's not what I paid for either.  Then there's the food.. It's not bad per se. But it's also not great. Like I said, it's mediocre. I don't know how else to put it. Nothing stands out. I'm unimpressed I should say.  But for $7.99 it should do I guess.
Lower your expectations. This place ain't gourmet.  Hit this joint up for breakfast cuz that's when everything is freshest. Come later and you're gurranteed not-so-fresh items.
Wanna go to a buffet? Craving Filipino food? On a budget? If you said yes to almost all three, then Nanay G's is the place for you! On the way home to California we stopped to have breakfast here and there was a pretty good selection!  $7.95 for AYCE. They also have a bunch of snacks and drinks just like a Filipino store! That impressed me so much!  So, for service they're just alright... But the food was pretty good. It wasn't extravagant, but it was good! My favorite was the fried "bulaklak", the chicken, and the dinuguan. Prepare yourself to get oiled out because everything is basically oily. It's Filipino food, go figure!
Some of the tables are sticky and dirty. Make sure bring cash coz they don't take credit cards.
Like what another person mentioned, lower your expectation... or don't have one. I'm straight up all about Filipino food and my standards are not high, my wife can vouch for it. The price is CHEAP, but the food was okay and don't expect a casual dining experience. I was looking forward to going to this place because of what heard, but I think we went to the wrong place...I think we should have gone to the other place. to make this worse, I just came off a flight and was starving. if you've been to a "hole in the wall" kind of place, this is close to it. They have a decent variety of food, but we had to pay for an order of lumpia...it was not part of the buffet.  If you want drinks other than water, you need to get it from the fridge near the register and the shelve of snacks.
-yay! they have one here -was searching for ice cream -didn't feel like having boba/halo-halo from red ribbon or jollibee -didn't scope out the store much but it did appear to be the same size as the one in union city -still no overpowering fish smell -no scoops of ice cream but found mochi balls -inline, got the slowest clerk....she needed to retire but she was so sweet -"magandang hapon po..." i said (good afternoon) -"ay, pilipina ka pala, akala ko hindi" (oh, i didn't think you were filipina) ="MAITIM KASI "(cuz i'm dark) AS SHE GIGGLES AND TAKES A YEAR TO WRAP UP
Live crabs in barrels! Whole fish! Gross weird things I have never seen!  I love this market. i used to live down the street and loved to pick up some yummy fishes and all sorts of noodles and whatever Asian spices smelled perfect for the night.  I had no idea what i was doing half the time but the ingredients made themselves.  The fish was all fresh and the whole store interesting. I don't think I am a fan of boba. I love this store I love this store. I love this store.
This place was good until it was well known in the asian community. You have to fight for a parking spot. It's waay crowded, the employees have somewhat of a lack of communication.  The positives of this place, it reminds me of home...the palenke (however you spell it) smell. The fish you can inspect yourself for freshness (I am picky when it comes to fish). Also I like the fact they can clean and cook it for you (for those who are always on the run).
The good things about Seafood City are that it's interesting, clean and bright.  I especially liked the seafood department.  The fish were just beautiful to look at.  They also had mutton and goat meat today.  I've always wanted to try mutton....The reason I didn't rate it higher was that they didn't have as many interesting things in the other areas of the store.  The produce section was nice, but a little unremarkable.  The frozen foods and grocery areas just didn't have as much unusual stuff as either 99 Ranch or Diho Market.
Seafood City Supermarket is my first choice grocery for specialty Filipino items and obviously for seafood. My only warning is that it's a stinky place. I don't do my bulk shopping here, but it is definitely a place I go to for something specific.
Good selection of filipino items and of course seafood. They have mostly anything you need thats asian. I used to go here a couple times a week when i lived in vegas because it was right down the street. I sure miss this place.
Real Rating is 4 STARS for the SEAFOOD                            1 STARS for SERVICE at the seafood counter   Here's the lowdown. This is the best place in Las Vegas for fresh seafood. They have a nice selection that rotates a lot. One week you can get Pompano, the next you can find Strawberry Grouper, after that... you get the picture. And the prices are fantastic. Farm-raised Salmon for half what the box grocery chains offer.   Now here's the major problem. You take said fresh fish to the counter and you tell them, please scale this and gut this and leave the head and tail. When you pick it up, they have slashed off the tail, partially gutted it, and it still is chock full of scales. There is a big communication gap. You speak English, the guy at the counter speaks Tagalog, and the guy in the back speaks Spanish. And no one of you speaks any of the other languages. They have butchered at least one of the fish way beyond presentation EVERY time I've gone. And usually ALL of them more than once. So this is the absolute weakest link at this store. Period.  And Yeah, most customers and employees stare if you're not Asian. But they have a good selection of items from produce to bakery goods to the great fish, so get over it. Hell, I get mondo-stares because I don surgical gloves and really inspect my fish purchases. Now if I could only get THEM to prep the fish correctly!  And on the service end of it, the girls at the checkout counters have always been extremely nice. So don't worry about that aspect of it. This is a great place to find Asian items from Asians for Asians. Non-Asians just aren't part of their flow charts is all.
This placed scared the b-jesus outta me! When you first walk in it's like they have all these strange fast seafood set-ups to your left and right. Non of it looked very appealing. I felt like I was at walmart only with seafood. The floors looked dirty and the lighting was florescent and everything looked sort of green. The live crabs had about 3 pieces of ice underneath and their eyes cut out. I sat and watched in dismay as customers (mostly bored, no intention to buy, teenagers) walked by and hit the live crabs with the tongs. I felt grossed out, sad, and without appetite by the time I turned around and left.  I hope this place closes down, you really do get what you pay for and with seafood I wouldn't risk it anyway. Heading to Whole Foods for my tuna steaks from now on.
Once I got over just how crowded this place gets I had an absolute blast checking out the seafood selection! Live blue crabs (yes some of the little kids were smacking them on the shells with the tongs, but some of those crabs were fighting back!), a huge selection of fish including parrot fish, live catfish (and frozen), lobster, squid, shrimp, oysters, clams, etc etc. I spent a good 30 minutes just browsing around making little mental notes of the selection for later. I got there around 7 pm on a weekday and it was a tad crazy so I decided I'd come back at opening time the next day before things really got busy.  New opening hours though!! They seem to open at 8 am, not 9!! Wasn't too bad though, had my cart and was wandering around a bit, only occasionally running into the odd elderly grandma or child, lol. I had decided the night before to try my hand at some chioppino and had put together a list of some of the seafood I wanted to get. Ingredients bought were live blue crabs, some alaskan crab legs, clams, cherrystones clams, some squid, fresh shrimp, and some fish. Once you pick what you want and put it into a plastic bag (paper for the crabs) you get in line to have it weighed at the counter. Quick and friendly, and if you have some whole fish you can have it cleaned, gutted, and chopped up for you! Very convenient since I doubt I'd have been too successful at it. I still wish I could have had them do that with the squid, that stuff was nasty to do at home later (yet sooo worth it...yummy).  The fresh ingredients made ALL the difference in the chioppino, my wife was raving about the taste later.  If seafood isn't your thing though they also have a huge selection of pork/chicken/beef to choose from. Pork snout? Beef liver? They have it. Wonderful selection, even the frozen areas were fun to browse through! I saw a huge bag of frozen crawfish that was practically calling my name... mmm, maybe next time.
Unless you've been sequestered all your life in suburbia, Whole Foods, and other regular supermarkets, you might be a little overwhelmed with this seafood market (like Ms. H down below). But it's one of the best seafood markets in Las Vegas.   It's in the heart of this so-called ghetto neighborhood and it caters to the Filipino and other Asian communities of Vegas. The market offers a variety of fresh produce, noodles, rice, and desserts. As for the seafood, if you're used to the pre-packaged fish fillets (like in Albertson's, Smiths) get used to looking at whole fish with head and tail in all. They offer several types of fish, squid, crab, and lobster. They even have my elusive seaweed salad! You can't get this stuff at Vons.   On another note, it provides a little oasis for the Filipino community. There are Filipino fast food restaurants such as, Jollibee and Chowking. For all those who are homesick. I wouldn't advise eating here though, the food is laden with MSG and grease. And it's so not worth paying that $9.00 for a meal! Also, since it's the only major Filipino market, it gets really crowded. So go in the early mornings to avoid crowds, you can also get first dibs on seafood!
As mentioned in other reviews, this place can get really busy. The place was swarming with asians. The only white person in the whole place was my wife. They've got a wide variety of stuff you'd never find at Smith's or Vons. Fruits and veggies that I've never even heard of and a lot of their produce (the stuff that you have heard of) is much cheaper than at the big name grocery stores. If you're looking for asian ingredients this is the place to go. The seafood section is like something straight out of San Francisco -- piles and piles of whole fish and crabs on ice. It's not something that you would expect to find in Vegas. If you love to cook (especially seafood) it's worth a visit.
Good selection of seafood (hence the name right?). They have a lot of items not offered in other Asian markets. This place primarily caters to the Filipino community. Nice and clean with a great variety of fast food places.
This place is dangerous, whether you want to cook the food yourself or buy it already cooked. The Filipino buns are dangerous and so is the fresh fish. DELICIOUS! If you don't feel like cooking that day, no problem, buy the "freshly fried chicken (make sure it's been fried recently or you won't enjoy the experience like I did)," then you pick up a halo halo next door at Red Ribbon Bakery and you are set for your "low fat meal." Just kidding! It will kill your arteries, but you will enjoy it! I had to boycott this place because I was gaining weight too rapidly in one month! Now, I have stayed away for three months and I am missing that wonderful taste of the beans and condensed milk, from the halo halo ;(
I love this place. So far, I am not disappointed with this place. I have been a few times and gotten what I wanted. I have bought kimchi, coco jam, and other things. I like it so much that I took Grandma with me one day and she loved it. We like it because we can get fresh seafood, different meat, veggies, fruits, just about anything. They even have restaurants such as Jollibee. The restaurant has excellent food. This is a definite place to do your grocery shopping and great food to eat.
REVIEW FROM A NON-ASIAN:  I don't go there for the food at all.  Although I have eaten at some of their entryway diners and the food was acceptable.    I go there for their beauty product selections.  It's not an extremely large selection, but they have products I can't find anywhere else, and prices to die for.  I usually stock up when I go since I don't live close and I make a trip specifically for these items when I go there.   I love to buy their allue collection make-up for my daughters, it's cheap and decent quality and I don't get mad if my kids lose it or waste it.  MOSTLY, I like to buy their line of daily scents, and baby cologne.  These are great for after your shower and I like to rub them on my arms before going out, the smell is great and lasts a long time.  I feel comfortable hugging & shaking hands with people knowing that I am extending a lovely fresh scent when doing so.  They also have some nice facial bars & soaps.  Very bright, brilliant eye shadow colors are easy to find here.  Same with nail polish, although I haven't bought any nail polish here.  They also have good prices on scented baby lotions as well.  I buy those too.  They do accept credit cards, but F.Y.I., they do not allow you to get cash back.  I don't really care, but I thought you should know up front.
Great seafood selection at reasonable prices; fresh looking squid, salmon, shrimp, whole tropical fish, octopus, baby octopus, and a large selection of frozen fish and shell-fish. On top of that, they have a large and usually quite busy meat counter, packaged meat section [including marinated pork belly], fresh seaweed salad [a personal favorite- I can eat tons of it at a time], lots of frozen dumplings, gyoza, lumpia, imported fruit, etc. Lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, too, which might be hard to find anywhere else including taro, banana blossoms, and a wide variety of chiles. Lots of dried/salted/seasoned fish & fishballs/sausages, chicken and quail eggs, masago, tofu, and tons of sauces, teas, chips, candies, and kitchen equipment. Parking can be ridiculous sometimes, and having been the only white girl in the area I've gotten some intense stares- but nothing too uncomfortable or weird. I don't know enough about philipino cooking to utilize everything in the store, but I've found things I recognize and enjoy but might not find frequently - daifuku for one. Cheap sake and tasty beer [Red Horse] don't hurt, either. Interesting and useful resource to have in the Vegas valley!
everytime i come here, it feels like home. it has everything i need. grocery, dvd, jolibee and chow king.. :)
Gyoza crazy me, I don't always have the time nor the inclination to go out to eat, so one of the first things I do wherever I live is seek out an Asian supermarket.    Kampai!!!  Seafood City on Maryland Parkway is the jackpot.  Bags of gzyoza to pick from so that at any given moment I have a selection in my freezer.    The product lines concentrate on Filipino foods, but there's enough variety to satisfy most.  Big and airy, high ceilings, well lit and huge, the produce is always fresh and a much better deal than other supermarkets in the area.  Also included are fruits and vegetables beyond the usual broccoli spears and eggplant.  There's also a variety of fast food establishments as you enter their doors, which make good soups and the standard fried chicken baskets.  Just finished off a bag of gyoza...  may have to do a DUMPLING RUN soon...
Love this store.... better than Ranch 99. It use to be that I went to Ranch 99 because it was the only place to get all you asian cuisine items (versus little mom/ pop filipino shops that might not having everything you are looking for). I believe that Seafood City here in Las Vegas is much cleaner than the ones I have seen in CA (granted they are like a VONS in CA). We only have one here in Vegas.  So as far as other Seafood City markets go, this is a nice clean one. I don't think it smells as bad as Ranch 99 either.
i vacationed in the Philippines a lot when I was younger, and have spent a lot of my life in Asian/Filipino markets in California..  seafood city is all that I remember about those specific markets and more.  it's totally hooked up with all your filipino/asian needs and kept bright and clean.  I come here mostly because it's hard to find fresh veggies, meats, and seafood for cheap at local american markets.  i also go here to buy rice and pick up all the indigenous ingredients for my culturally indigenous foods. ;)    come through  if u need to send things door to door, swoop up a pinoy pride shirt,  pacqiao trinkets, santo nino's, skin whitening or papaya soap.. [lol]  you can even hang out with all the peoples chillin!  grab a bite to eat at chow king or jolly bee.. or hit up red ribbon for dessert!  haha.. this is a monthly trip for me cause it's far.. but if it were closer i'd be picking up my meat and veggies from seafood city every week.
Seafood City is a great place to grab ingredients for you typical Asian/Filipino dishes. Adding to they're variety of Asian/Filipino foods they also have a grocery like any other Neighborhood Walmart would.  Definitely a good place to do some grocery shopping. Prices are average facilities are clean and order, they also have a Jollibee, Chow King, and Red Ribbon in the same store if you get hungry.
I love going here! It's like my go to place for all the Filipino/Asian foods! It's heck of a lot cleaner than Ranch 99 on Spring Mtn. and I love the service of them cleaning your fish.  I'm also glad they had a number service system, which allows you to pick up your (cleaned fish) or meat and etc.  It's been a lot more organized since it first opened up.  Sometimes I am a little sad that some vegetables aren't there or the sliced salmon filets are usually gone by the middle of the day.  If you want the fresh stuff, get here early in the A.M.  People do tend to buy more in bulks, so you can kiss your fresh stuff goodbye.  Aside from that, I'm glad they're open late.  It's good for my hours, especially when I do get off late.  They're open from 8 to 12 I think? I don't know if they changed the hours.    You can find all Philippines beauty products, a little pricey but I think this is the only big beauty central.  I love how there's a Chow King, Jolibee and Red Ribbon.  It just makes shopping easier!  If you're looking for Filipino vegetables and what not, stop by here.  There stuff is most of the time fresh!  And they 75% of the time have what you're looking for!
Getting to prepare Filipino meals require Filipino ingredients. To eat Filipino food, get Filipino supplies, cook it Filipino way, cater or succumb to take-out ready-made food. Not just Filipino items are available in this supermarket but Thai, Japanese, Malaysian or other Asian fare. A large supermarket with fresh vegetables, rice, canned foods, beverages, soups, fruits, eggs, frozen food, ice cream, cookware, rice cookers, hair & beauty supplies, meats, live & fresh seafood is a shopper's delight. "Balut" or the well-known Filipino delicacy of duck-with-embryo-egg is available as well as quail eggs.("Balut" is eaten best with salt and lemon juice and pairs well with a beer ("cerveza")). Recently, the addition of a Fish Fryer offers your fresh seafood fried and ready for you to take home without the cleaning and cooking tasks needed when you get home. There is a line at the Seafood section as fish is at a low affordable price and the fish frying is a great convenience. You will find this in the left side of the supermarket upon passing through the passageway next to the cash registers. The fresh produce of fruits and vegetables is on the right side of the supermarket.  Adjacent to the supermarket entry is "Chow King" also offers hot meals, soups, hot taho, ube or pandan smoothies and combination meals of chicken, meat or fish. Also, "Jollibee" is a fast food joint where Filipino style Spaghetti (which I must warn you is on the sweetness in taste), burgers, fries, mini sandwiches and munch on a Filipino style fried chicken called "Chicken Joy". A Beauty Salon called "Monet" for your haircut and beauty needs. "Red Robbin Bakeshop" offers breads, cakes, pastries and hot meals.   Restrooms are in "Chow King" and in "Jollibee". Read about latest local and international Filipino news from a variety of newsmagazines and newspapers stocked in newspaper bins by the sliding doors to the supermarket. Parking lot is accessible and this clean supermarket stays open from 7 a.m. to 12 p.m.   Communicating in English with Filipino attendants, servers and staff is not like being in a foreign land. Take time to browse around and ask questions from helpful supermarket associates if you are unfamiliar of Filipino or Asian supplies and viands.
I just got off the phone with them to find out how much it costs for lobster per lb.  They absolutely refused to tell me.  I told them I live all the way on the West side, and with the cost of gas at $3 per gallon, can't they tell me the price?  They said no...it's their policy not to give prices over the phone.  When I called all these other supermarkets they obliged.
I've to say I expected better from this big corporation but it failed my expectations.  First of all I bought a parrot fish roughly 3 lbs and had them clean it. The wait was hefty but I will excuse that because I understand they were busy. But the thing is I took that fish home and baked it in the oven well over the recommend time and my family got sick!! I'm no ametuer about cleaning nor cooking fish, I was raised on a island most of my life. Anyways, I also noticed the seafood area didn't look like it had alot of care taken into it. Most of the fish was smelly, like old smelly. Even I know when it starts smelling and the eyes get glassy you should remove it from the selling area. The last thing that somewhat irritated me was the cashier was talking in tagalog the whole time to the other cashier in the next lane. She didn't even greet me, tell me my total or even say thank you. I've been to most of the asian markets and even the cashiers that don't speak English try show me some manners and smile. I don't believe I will be going here EVER again!
This is one of the most extensive seafood markets that I would've never expected to find in the heart of a city.   The selection here is excellent. You walk in, and there are rows of fish on ice, live crabs, crawfish, and lobsters. Pick out what  you want, take it to the counter, so they'll clean it for you, and wait for your number to be called. It's as simple as that and quicker than you would imagine.  I'd definitely go here again. Etiquette tip: do not play with the fish and make them talk to people. It kind of freaks out some of the Asians that are there shopping, but if that's your thing, it's up to you.
Great produce selection, both common (apples, oranges, tomatoes,etc.) to the more uncommon and exotic(jackfruit, durian, lychee, dragonfruit)  Like you can find everything for a house at Home Depot, you can find everything you need here to throw a Filipino Fiesta!  I usually just shop here for Filipino dessert ingredients and hardly anything perishable because when we make a stop here, we're out and about and not on the way home....ALOHA!!!
Seafood City Rocks!!!  I wish we have one here in New York.  They have eveything that a supermarket has and more.....mostly are products from the Philippines....from Canned Goods,  Biscuits, Spices to Beauty Products...Shampoos, Cologne and Magazines....but they also have Thai, Malaysian, Chinese & Japanese products as well!!  The seafood section are neatly arranged and clean...Great selection foryour pleasure!!! .You can also have the luxury of having your fish fried, ... you don't have to do it when you go home...something we don't have here in New York...I know they also have the same service in California and Seattle!!!...!!!!   I find the prices very reasonable and affordable...Great place...hope they open one here in New York soon and give Hongkong Supermarket a run for their money!!!!...
longanisa!!!!1 (totally spelled it wrong) This is the place to get it. THE PLACE!
It's a love-hate relationship, i must say.  Love: if you love filipino goodies, this is the best place! They even sell stuff you can't even find somewhere else. It's where I pick up stuff that reminds me of HOME.  They have a large variety of seafood and meat here. their stuff tends to run out later on the day so its best to go shop earlier in the day. Fresh fish. Fresh seafoods. Even live crabs and lobsters. Playing with the live crabs makes me happy. There are fast food restaurants around the supermarket complex. Chowking, Red Ribbon and Jollibee. They sell fresh bread right nextdoor, Valerio's bakery. Open from 7am till midnight. Clean and organized.  Hate: Parking.  They do have really huge parking space, but since it's one of the biggest Filipino supermarket in town, people do come here a lot!! So go off hours. The distance on every registers are REALLY narrow. Even the shopping carts couldn't fit. The meat counter can be overwhelming, esp the line for fish cleaning. They can be a little too overpriced. You can find some of their exact stuff at Walmart or 99 Cents Store for about 2-3x cheaper.  I love you more than I hate you, so I'll keep visiting.
I've got mixed feelings about Seafood City.  What I like: They've got Magnolia Coconut Ice Cream Bars. Sure other Asian stores have them, but their are always in stock and reasonably priced. They usually have a goodly amount of steamed cheesecake onhand. I love this little Japanese dessert because it is nice and light and not too sweet. I don't have to make a separate purchase at Red Ribbon cause they have the mamon sponge cake in store as well. And lastly my mom usually finds all her beloved Filipino ingredients.  What I dislike: It's crowded. Ugh. The store is always packed. I don't think I have ever been there at a time when it wasn't filled with people. If I wanted to willingly subject myself to agoraphobia I'd just go to Walmart on a Saturday at 10 a.m.  And the parking lot is crowded as well. Sometimes I feel sorry for those people who just want to go to Jason's Deli. And of course the smell. Sometimes I can ignore it or it's not too bad, but other times the fish smell is overwhelming.  All in all, this is a great place if you are shopping for Filipino foodstuffs. I usually only get over to it if I am on a shopping trip with my mom. I think one of the biggest draws for me is visiting Chow King for a mango shake - but that is an entirely different review.
This is very out of the way for me, but since we were in the area, we decided to stop in.   I wanted fish, but it was such a long line for cleaning and such that it probably will be an hour before we get our stuff ready to go home.   Filipino products are obviously abundant and there are some harder to find offerings here. I think if there's some odd thing I need to recreate a Filipino dish this is my go-to. Most dishes though use very common ingredients that I can find in the Asian marts much closer to my area so I don't see myself coming out of the way to come here.   It's a good place for Asian needs on this side of town, but it's nothing special if you're a Filipino living somewhere like the NW like me.
I was running low on foodstuffs so thought I would check this place out after my classes. The front area of the place is a food court, with a couple of different dining and bakery establishments. The place actually reminds of Fubonn Shopping Center in Portland, OR, except it is Filipino than Chinese/Vietnamese.  I wasn't terribly impressed with the fresh vegetable and fruit selections. I mean, the prices seemed decent and all but I was expecting more variety. Same with the meat selection. There was a cut of beef that I had been wanting to buy, but they did not have it. I did like the fact that they had all sorts of offal. The fish and seafood selection is probably what they are best known for. I saw many people in the self-service are picking up mollusks and shrimps. There was also a long line for fish cleaning.  Since it is so close to the university, this is a good place for me to stop by after school to pick up common Asian-y foodstuffs.
Filipino grocery store open 24 hours.  They have eveything that a supermarket has and more. Most are products from the Philippines but from other Asian countries as well. Aisles are neatly arranged and the store doesn't have that fishy decaying meat smell one encounters at these kind of stores.   Please come to Alexandria along with the Golden Ribbon bakery and Jolie B to put to shame the competition of stores like H-Mart, Grand Mart, etc.
What other place in Vegas makes me feel like I'm back home like Seafood City does? No other place than this... Place where Tita Baby and Tito Boy shop for their filipino goods.   It may not be the cleanest and most complete supermarket Vegas has but for it being a Filipino Supermarket it sure does the job.  Whitening soap? Check.  Red ribbon ensaymada? Check. Phone cards? Check. Filipino movies? Check. Fresh seafood staring at you in all its fishy smelling glory? Check. You can even have your fish cooked. Yes, we Filipinos are lazy and that's exactly how it is back home.  My ultimate favorite is their marinated meat and OMG their crab!!! It is soooo good. Crab fat and all. *drools*  If you don't look Filipino, don't be surprised at people staring at you.  And even if it's all the way on the other side of town what the heck, for that piece of home? Why not!
One of my faves groceries store. Make sure you go to the back of the store to get the $.99 cents coconut milk. The front ones costs more. Just a tip.
Seafood, yes. Just avoid going to get Seafood on Sundays. It seems to the busiest times. Too long of line to drop your items off to weighed and even longer wait if you want them cleaned.  Vegetables, only if I have to.  The quality of the veggies isn't always so fresh to me. It often looks old and withered. But i can get ube (purple yam) here so that always makes me look past this.  Filipino staple items, yes.   Love the food courts in the front and the bakeries. Easy location with lots of offerings. I can't complain.
This market sucks... Maybe I'm biased, since I usually shops at 168 market on Spring Mountain and Jones. Where they have everything you need from Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, to Filipino and American. Plus their fresh fish and meat department.  I was on the UNLV side and wanted to get some fresh Asian vegetables so I decided to go to Seafood City instead driving over to Chinatown. I've been hearing so much about this Seafood City place.    Their vegetable selection was weak, and most of them are old and dry.  I wanted to get some Thai curry too while I was here but nope, walked down every isle and couldn't find any Thai section. I guess this market only has Filipino food? Their fish did not seem fresh, I was checking the eyes, under the fins and it took me a good old 10 minutes before I found one that fairly decent. And there's a line of people waiting by the seafood department? I don't get it.  Don't waste your time if you are looking for a Asian market that has good and fresh selections, just drive over to Chinatown.
My moms favorite place to go when she needs to buy groceries and send money to the philippines. But for me its chaotic. Yet i still love it.   LIKES: the products they have. Most are from the philippines. But the prices are funny. Whenever it comes down to paying, we always hit the $100 mark.  And of course i like jollibee, chowking, and red ribbon. They should add Greenwhich ahaha  DISLIKE: PARKING, SECURITY, LOCATION, and how TINY the market is. Its gets crowded easy, there are rude people who just make their way in and out of the market, people fight over parking, not enough secuity especially when it gets full, and i can barely move my cart around without saying EXCUSE ME or squeezing through aisles. They restock during the busiest hour and i find that annoying. I see boxes everywhere which makes it even more crowded.   Relocate with a bigger store please? Like henderson... :P
Great place for Filipino fast food and if you need some groceries while you're out of town
A Midwestern guy walks into a Filipino Supermarket and gets overwhelmed. Film at 11. Wow, this was one of the more interesting places I've stepped foot into since I moved to Vegas. Parking for this place is a zoo but once you find a space you're in for an experience.   Once inside the door the place reminds me of a Hypermarket with restaurants, a bakery, financial services, and other shops right up front. You walk past all that and into a full fledged supermarket where the first thing you notice is the smell coming from the fish which you can't see at first but you certainly know they're present. This is not your typical American supermarket. It may look like it at first glance, but it's certainly not. So what did I find here?   Produce: They have a good selection but the pricing for some items is a bit higher than I expected. Also the produce section had a LOT of flies. As in even as oblivious as I am to some things when I notice it's pretty bad. But they had some stuff like different varieties of bananas that I haven't seen elsewhere.   A quick loop around the store will take you to the source of the very distinctive smell, the open air fish market. They have a nice sized selection of fish and other things and after you pick out what you want they will clean it up for you. This section of the store is CROWDED. Even a big guy like me got bumped into. And if you don't like raw fish this is not the place for you as people are flying past you with all kinds of it. I overheard grumbling about how long it was taking to process the fish but I just thought it was cool and I want to go back when I can properly transport my fish home in the desert heat.   A walk through the center of the store led me to a lot of different ethnic items, some I've seen at the International Market but quite a few items were unique to this store. The list of unique items is too long to list here, if you're looking for something your best bet is to stop in and look for yourself. I picked up a couple of things (they even had the tamarind hard candy I have trouble finding!) and went to check out. Checkout was packed but moved fast. And the people working the registers were friendly and they actually have a Point of Sale / Credit Card machine that's programmed intelligently. I want to make a point of saying checkout was easy, as it should be elsewhere.   In short I didn't have much time to spend in here but I'm glad I went in and it was quite the experience. I will be back.
I try to avoid this market unless its absolutely necessary. Not because the selection isn't great or because the staff isn't friendly. Its because its almost always overly busy!
We found this place by accident (visiting a store in same plaza) and can now say without a doubt that we love this place.  You can find some cheaply priced essentials; Asian delights and very reasonably priced seafood. Oooh the seafood that was why we went back the 2nd time.   We grabbed a few pounds  of whole shrimp and a container of old bay and we couldn't get home fast enough to cook them up and properly season them.  It was heaven; As soon as we can find a place close to the apartment where we can break crabs open and not have to worth about the after effects of smell and the random chunks of flying crab as you break them apart we will be back.    Oh word of advice is to be sure to weigh your seafood before going to the register; it not you hold up the line and look like a fool; we thought it was kinda funny but won't be making that mistake again.  The man at the counter was very nice and was able to use his scale to weigh everything but it took a few minutes.   Be careful/buying dairy/eggs here both of my trips here they had them sitting in the aisles.  I touched a few and they were dry and room temperature. I'm sure the health inspector would have freaked but as long as you are careful on what you buy here you won't leave disappointed.
Great Asian Store in bad location. Too many homeless' in the parking lot  and by front of store begging for money or cigarettes.
Seafood City is a grocery store that is located in Maryland Parkway just off Flamingo is one of many franchises that cater specifically to the Filipino community but also other Asian and ethnic cultures.  Fairly big in size with neighbors such as Jollibee, Chow King, & Valerios Bakery rented directly in the facility...it makes it a convenient one stop shop for your Filipino needs.  You can pretty much find it all in here.  Highly advertised on the Filipino Channel, especially in California...Seafood City is like the Filipino version of Vons or Safeway...well known but can be a little highly priced on some items.  Plenty of fresh fish and vegetables to choose from.  Staff for the most part are friendly and can help you locate what you are looking for.  Shelves are continuously being stocked which is nice to see.    The downside is that, this place gets crowded, especially on weekends and Holidays!  Parking is a pain in the @$$, but upon availability it is alright.  The parking lot is big, it is just that this place gets so packed it can get ridiculous.  I suggest getting there early or off hours to ease the tension.    Over all it is nice place to go to, but if you are not a people person or hate crowds...you might want to head over to China Town or other asian/oriental markets around the valley instead.
Very convenient for Filipino shoppers. Welcome to all. Prices are pretty decent. Some better improvement over time. Friendly employees.
5 things that go through my head when I visit.  1. Presh pried pish prom Philipino polks.   2. Ahhhhhh I feel like I'm in Daly City again. Win.  3. M u s t..  r e f r a i  n.. from.. picking up multiple packages of dried squid, mango..  4. Dude, where else am I gonna find fresh coconut and lychee on this side of town?   5. Hmm.. What am I gonna buy from Valerios when I'm done with this place?
Very nice place this is a place you could buy any seafood you're thinking about. I buy the Lupia wraps there so I can make my own
Sells everything asian particularly filipino made products. Its like heaven when you walk in here shopping going thru each and every aisle looking for what to buy. The fresh seafood area has a huge selection and they have an add on service where they can cook your fish.
This place is freakin' BUSY. Amando S. made homemade Ahi Poke on St. Patrick's Day so since then I was CRAVING it!! I took a journey to Seafood City to pick up some Ahi Poke. Good prices for some slabs of Tuna! This was really all I came here for so I had my tuna and was waiting in line... lalalala - then a sales associate said since I had so few items, I could go through the customer service line. Yes! Short line. Plus they make money orders there for fifty cents and I actually needed one. SCORE.
Asians unite! Pinoy power! If you love anything asian this is the place for you! Jollibee and chow king are located within seafood city. Tons of asian influenced foods and gadgets a like.
This will not be one of my "adventures in womanizing". I just came here for a couple of quick items and ended up getting numbers from 3 girls. I didn't even ask. I've never really been attracted to Filipino chicks in the past... but these chicks were like those girls you see on the Filipino soap operas. I thought they were really hot.  I recently had a conversation with 3 non-Asian college students about: "Which Asian person had the most impact on Asian people today". They listed off people like: Sun Tzu, Dalai Lama, Mao Zedong, Dr. Feng Shan Ho, Norman Mineta. I being the only person of Asian descent had the most credibility in my opinion. And when it was my turn, I said that the greatest Asian person in history is MANNY PACQUAIO! My argument was that Manny Pacquaio can use his straight left hand to kick the sh!t out of the Dalai Lama, and he can sing better than him as well, therefore he is the greatest Asian person ever.  So, I came to SEAFOOD CITY for some unlicensed Pacquaio merchandise for my Filipino friend who is going to his next fight. Unfortunately, I got off work too late and the Pacquaio store was closed. I decided to just walk around a bit, and I found the selection to be much more superior to Greenland.   We don't really got a good selection of Asian supermarkets here in LV. Every time I ask a Japanese person the question: "What's the best Japanese Market?". In a very enthusiastic voice, they always answer by screaming "GREENNNLLAANND!" I really can't tell if they are being serious or not.  Also, Notice how I am giving this place a 5-star review while I gave Greenland a 2-star.  SEAFOOD CITY has better customer service than Greenland and many of the items are like a quarter of the price. Not to mention I even got felt up by one chick while I was waiting in line to pay. This place is f*cking awesome.
I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review for Seafood City. Since its inception in May 2007, this has been the home to the Filipino community for all their grocery needs.  As another Yelper mentioned, this is a beehive of Filipinos, which is absolutely true.  Although occasionally I do see 1 or 2 individuals of a different ethnicity, but I'm sure they shop here for the reasonable prices. They offer everything you need to cook a home-made Filipino meal; I usually come here to grab ingredients for my parents. This place is super busy on the weekends, so I don't dare stepping foot here.  That goes along with parking, which is probably even worse.  I tend to park closer to what was previously Barnes & Noble.  There's another review on here stating she was so surprised to see kids playing with live crabs. I was guilty of that too when I was a kid, but honestly what do you expect this is a Filipino super market (Seafood City is probably the best one in town). And she ends her review with "I'll go to Whole Foods next time I need crab." That cracked me up because obviously this place is nothing like Whole Foods , but neither are the prices.
I think my rating for this place definitely has something to do with my heritage.  Let's be honest, it has everything to do with it.  I'm proud to be Filipino and this store really caters to those cultural needs!  The store is huge!  You have electronic booths (cellular services), food court-type options (Jollibee's, a Chinese restaurant and a Filipino bakery) and of course, groceries.  I love how cheap everything is in the produce department. Some of my favorites like bitter melon and other squashes seem to be substantially cheaper than other grocery stores like Smith's or Albertson's.  What I love is the fact that this store also has everything I grew up with.  It's like going through the Asian food aisle at the store...except it's the whole store!  Then, you get to the meat and fish section.  That's where the heart of the store is.  So many types of fish!  So many types of meat.  All kinds of meat parts: pork, chicken and beef.  The back counters are super efficient.  What I love is the fact that you can grab fish, like catfish, take a number and ask the back counter employees to deep fry the fish.  It's a service not many people know about.  I love it!!  If you're in the mood to make pork gisantes, adobo or other Filipino delights, come and check out this place.  I KNOW you'll find what you're looking for :)
Seafood City Supermarket is a nice grocery store that offers a lot of Filipino foods and goods in addition to American groceries. The aisles are fun to browse through, since I can't find a lot of Filipino products back at home. Prices seem pretty reasonable.
Its like a mini filipino town. Love it. Love jollibee also.
WOW!  I called these people to ask a simple pricing question and the woman on the other end said they didn't carry my item anymore and hung up promptly!  No suggestions where I could find it, or how much it should cost at a good place....just a dial tone.  didn't think lobster was such a sensitive subject and when I tried to call back to talk to a manager, since she hung up before I could get another question out, without a goodbye, the phone was picked up and hung up AGAIN!!  So far they are shooting for really bad reviews with me.  If you are answering the phone as an employee don't be rude!  What a moron, customer service is not rocket science!  I called back a third time for the manager and what do you know; not available; I guess I'll just have to pay them a personal visit and trust me guys you won't like what I have to say.
Up until recently, I'd avoided Seafood City because I don't eat seafood. I'd go to the Barnes and Noble next door (RIP) or eat at Jason's Deli, but I'd skip the City.  I decided to see what veggies and other delicacies they had. I was pleasantly surprised by the range of produce, and I was ecstatic at the dozen or more varieties of tofu offered. They also had tiny citrus trees for sale, which is awesome.  I ended up with veggies, seaweed and tofu, all at excellent prices. I'll definitely be going back for more.
Came here to buy beer for the Filipino Potluck!    I figured since it was Filipino town here, they would have decent prices on the beers...damn, $18 for 12 packs!  Red Horse, San Miguel Lager/Negras/Lites...all $18.  Same prices as Total Wine BTW ($9 for 6 packs).  The lines really sucked...I only had a 12 pack of beer, but it took me at least 10-12 minutes standing in line.  Sounds like I am being impatient...probably am lol.  Couldn't believe how busy this place was...reminded me of a cafeteria from high school lol.  But it was pretty clean though considering the walk in traffic.
got a large selection of filipino foods. Also has decent restaurants in front of the grocery market to choose from such as jollibee, bakeries, and more. decent price. sometimes expensive.
Excellent fried fish! I love the option of picking your own fresh fish (large variety too!) and having it cleaned and fried to your liking on the spot!  The prices are great as well.
Fun grocery store with interesting foods. I can always find something I've never tried before here.
What can i say, Its Seafood City. The staple of filipino americans trying to get some authentic back home flavor.. I mean this place even has a built in Jollibee and Chow King! Being married to a Filipina for nearly 10 years and having visited the Philippines many times i can see why this place is so popular. Get there when they open if your trying to buy fish because it gets picked over very fast. Also get ready to wait in line at the cashier, they usually only have 2 or 3 cashiers and hundreds of customers. Its not exactly the SM Grocery store..
Excellent selection of seafood and very authentic Filipino and other Asia. Items. I live in Henderson and was searching for an Octopus to Cooke because I am a chef and someone outside of work wanted to make then an Octopus Tomato sauce. I wasn't sure where to go but after calling this location the person who answered the phone was very friendly and willing to help me. She let me know there was 1 octopus left and said she would hold it for me. As I was in there, the selections of shell fish and other fish was awesome. Being from Florida it is hard to find good seafood out here in Vegas so I was very impressed with some of their options. Whenever I am need of some fresh seafood or whole fish I will definitely be going back to this store. And a bonus they have a Jollibee in their supermarket. I have seen this fast food restaurant on many different shows and always wanted to try it, this place is a must go!
This place is crazy!  it was like black Friday!  OMG, people everywhere!  People, don't move out of your way!  I this was my first visit, but "I AIN'T GOT TIME FOR THAT" I'm going to have to figure out a time to go there where it's not all crazy!  But it was cool, I wasn't expecting a food court in there!  it's not only just seafood, its a full grocery store as well.  But they had fish on ice there.  You pick what you want.  My only thing is, I don't know for sure, but I think you have to gut it too ( ewwwwww)  I can't do it or look at it being done.   But when I want something good, I know where to go and pick it up.  I'm glad I have a husband that can do the dirty work for me.
This grocery store is good for those of you needing filipino food supplies. The 50LBS of Jasmin Rice is cheap and the food selections are wonderful. I do however recommend if you dont speak Tagalog then bring someone with you that does.
Ah, the one stop shop for all things Filipino. Yes, it's true, a lot of Asian people lounge here to buy their groceries, or pick up their favorite snacks.   My parents usually drop by to pick up some tocino (Filipino breakfast meat) that you can just pop in the pan and cook away.   It's cleaner than Chinatown here and the staff is super helpful. Prices are comparable, a lot of the time it'll be a little more pricer than Chinatown..  Also, you gotta know when to go so that it's not busy = late at night, 2-3 hours before it closes. Filipinos usually be gettin their jollibee and chowking flow on, and you can be free to shop in Seafood City!
Let me start this review by saying that you don't have to be Asian to shop here! A few of my coworkers asked me if I can get some things for them. I asked them why couldn't they get it themselves? They replied with "We are not Asian and they might treat us differently". I should of been offended right? Nope. Instead I said, "They will only treat you different if you act like jerks so don't be one and you'll be ok."  Seafood City is similar to 99 Ranch but caters more to the Filipino population. If you have ever eaten at a Filipino restaurant, this is where you will find most if not all the ingredients in all the dishes you eat.   I come here for all sorts of things like different flavored chips, nuts, biscuits, crackers, etc. Drinks like coconut juice. mango juice, calamansi juice, etc.   Basically, a lot of items you just cant find at your basic Smith's or Albertsons. What is also great is the location of this place. If you get hungry there is a Chow King and a Jollibee just right in front where you enter.  The layout of their place is nice also. All the way to the right you have all your vegetables. All the way to the back you have all your refrigerated items. All the way to the left are all the seafood/meat items along with the frozen section. In between you have all the aisles with all the little things I mentioned in my 3rd paragraph.  Service is actually above average. They usually have enough people on registers so that long lines are virtually non existent. Most of the time each cashier has their own assistant that bags all the merchandise you just bought.   So for those non Asians, just relax and shop just like you would at any other supermarket. Sometimes its ok to shop somewhere different. You never know, you just might find something you really like here.
I'll admit it, I love coming here!!! I get all the essential Filipino things and also get entertained by all my uncles and aunties in the thick flip accent.   Every month or two, I'll take the twenty minute drive to the not so nice part of town and load up on all the Filipino necessities. (Quick tip, don't come here when you are drunk because you will end up spending way more than you originally planned.) On my last adventure, we had to get rice, longanisa (Filipino sweet sausage), soup mixes and chicken. Aside from necessities, we found Red Horse (beer), pastries and lychee.   Be prepared for long check out times depending what time of the day you are here. The employees here aren't that helpful. If you ask where a certain something is, they'll just point with their lips and assume you can find it yourself. They can clean and fry your fish while you finish your shopping. If you work up an appetite after you shop, there is a Jollibee and Chow King conveniently located inside.   P.S. "Eight pipty por, your order is ray-dee"
This is a Filipino market that also has other Asian stuff. You have to come here on a weekday at an odd time to avoid the crowd of little old Filipino ladies that cut in front of you...I'm pretty tall for an Asian so I'm sure they can see me but old Filipino ladies don't care. Parking can be chaotic. Filipinos are not used to traffic signs/rules so it can get frustrating. Being half-Filipino, I am aware of the lack of discipline which is a trait common among Filipinos...I can't stand it!  Valerio's is a bakery to the left of the entrance of Seafood City. They have good sugar doughnuts that are super heavy and filling...and other Filipino breads and baked goods. They only take cash.  When you walk in, to the left is Chowking. To the right you got Jollibee and Red Ribbon. Straight ahead is a bunch of stalls selling phone cards and a travel agency. Behind all that is a grocery store.  Today, I was looking for ingredients for kare-kare for a potluck - that was my main mission. I couldn't find peanut butter so I asked one of the employees stocking the shelves. "Excuse me! Excuse me! Where can I find peanut butter?" But he ignored me or he's completely deaf. Denied! I should've talked in thick PILIPINO aksent and said "hoy kuya where is da feanat vatter?" And who would've used his lips to point to where I need to go.   So I ended up leaving with cracker nuts and cakes from Red Ribbon. Mission failed! Since the potluck isn't til next week, I'd have to come back here to buy oxtails and veggies. Sweet Jesus, give me the patience!
They offer fresh seafood and all kinds of Filipino/Asian items n ingredients. even seasonal fruits from the Philippines like lansones, rambutan n many more. 4 stars coz it's somewhat pricey.    Their is definitely something for everybody.
I love this store!  Almost all the products remind me of Philippines.  Every time I'd come here I would stop by jolly-bee and then shop for cheap snacks and drinks!  If your Filipino, love seafood, or like cheap things you should go here.  They sell so many things.  If I could, I would go here every day. :)
It is one of the cleanest seafood city supermarkets i have seen.  I haven't seen seafood city supermarket so lively in awhile. I like the set-up of the place. Jollibee, Red Ribbon and Chowking is very inviting and the open area is welcoming to the public. I also like the background of the parking lot, you can see the silhouette from the strip standing from there.
This is part of a chain of markets.  They seem to specialize in Filipino foods in particular, but there is a variety of other stuff.  Plus mostly fresh seafood (I mean, this is Vegas...there is no ocean...but it still seems pretty fresh).  Plus lots of grocery items for the Asian/Filipino recipes you want to do.  Patis, bagoong, sauce for Filipino spaghetti, etc, etc.  Overall, a good market.
This place is packed, the Deli counter is the worst,seems like everyone is here for fresh fish and meats.Have at least 20minutes or more to pick up something!
I am a huge fan of Seafood city.  I love going to explore and find something new to try.  It is also great for all of those things you can't find in your regular store, like manostein.   Yea it is busy, especially on the weekends, but that is part of the fun of it.  Everyone is very friendly and the staff there is very helpful.  If you are looking to try something new or are looking for some specialty stuff, this is the place for you.
I love ethnic grocery stores, it's like you can take a trip to a foreign country without leaving your hometown! Seafood City is a fun place to do just that. I've never bought much here except for some exotic spices and snacks, but the seafood department is something of a marvel. I find myself staring at all the fresh fish for almost an hour ever time I'm in here. Although the parking lot is huge, parking can be a zoo, especially during the weekends. Worth a stop if only for the educational aspect of the place. For foodies, it's a no-brainer!
Sigh.. First the lady thought I was paying together when there was a divider separating their items from mine. She just took it out and included my items with theirs. Theirs a divider for a reason... Even though we're in a group together doesn't mean we're paying all together.. And plus she charged me for the full price of the items I got! She didn't put it for the sales discount... -.-
My only rant about this place is there should be a designated smoking area/break area for their employees. I dislike walking into the store smelling smoke. Everytime I go in the store, their employees are just standing on the side smoking cigarettes. Uggghhh!!!
You guys, I have this really humongous love-hate relationship with Seafood City.. & here's why:  LOVE: I love that I can drive to a little "home away from home" market that definitely has the feel of being back in the Philippines. You have Chow King and Jollibee PLUS Red Ribbon inside. And the actual market has vegetables/fruits for your Filipino dish. They also sell balut here! But be warned, BALUT is not for the faint of heart! Middle section has condiments, the tabo that you've been needing for your bathroom to wash your pwet, Milo & other Filipino and non-Filipino beverages, and as well as your Filipino chichiria (snacks). Then you have the meats and seafood in the left side of the market which is actually my favorite because it really reminds me of the palengkes in the Philippines. You choose your own fish and put in the bag basically. Prices here are fairly reasonable. It's also pretty clean compared to the other Asian markets in Vegas. And the staff are super nice!  HATE: Oh goodness, what I don't like about this place is how crowded it is in the market. It's small and two people can barely fit in the aisles. I also don't like how my little home away from home is nearly a 30 minute drive from my house. I seriously wish that they would build a Seafood City closer to where I live, and it wouldn't hurt if it was a tad bit bigger than it is now.  Overall: Despite my little rant there, I would have no other choice but to come back here when needed. It's the only Seafood City in Vegas. It's the only place that would remind me of "home".
I had to bring my mother and the titas (aunties) here while they were visiting so they could have their Filipino food in the time share where they were staying.  I've been here before, but only very quickly to get halo-halo ingredients. On this recent visit, I had a chance to browse the aisles since the ladies like to linger-shop.  I don't eat fish, but if you buy fish here, they will clean it for you in the butcher section.  The beauty section sells whitening soap for the "dark complected"--hmm, interesting, but I don't think I'll ever use that.  I had no idea that they sold frozen Filipino dishes a la Lean Cuisine:  pop it in the microwave for a few minutes and bam- sisig is ready!  There was a lot of yelling going on over the intercom: "Sharlene, please return to your register!"  Sharlene was called more than once since she must not have heard the yelling the first time, even though the rest of us did.  There was also more than one crying baby.  In fact, the whole visit was very noisy and it felt just like the name suggests:  being on the street in the city.  However, this is one place where we Pinoys can get our native food and you should come to here if you ever need or want some.  Hopefully Sharlene is at her register (name has been changed to protect the innocent who was probably at Jollibee on break having spaghetti with hot dogs).
I love how they have everything you need that's from the Philippines and other asian countries.  They also have 2 restaurants for you to eat.  One is Jollibee and the other is Chow King.  The both are good.  The only reason why I gave 3 stars is because it's really crowded.   I wish they would make this place a little bigger like the Boulevard Mall.   The best time to come here is in the mornings not as crowded.
I totally love this store!! I'm a big fan of seafood and Asian foods. They have a wide variety of everything you would need to make Asian food. I love to make Pancit and lumpia and they always have the ingredients that I need.    Not only is it a great store, they are located just down the street from me which is a big plus for me. I like to be able to just run down the street and get the items I need without going all over town for it.   Downside for me is that this place is so popular that it's ALWAYS so crowded and busy. I always feel rushed to get my items and get out.
Seafood City is a pretty good place to shop. There is an assortment of Filipino/Asian products without having to go to Chinatown. It lives up to its namesake and you'll find whole Yellowfin Tuna down to wild caught Oregon sardines. They also carry Filipino beers, Kewpie mayo, Filipino toiletries and magazines. It's a one-stop to the Philippines. Inside the shopping center, they have Pinoy franchises such as Jollibee, Chow King and Valerios Bakery. There is also an esthetician behind the Asian jewelry counter.  The location is centric; it's close to the Strip, airport and major streets. Inside, it is clean and the employees follow sanitation guidelines based on what I see. I have family in the culinary industry and pay attention to these things. The staff is okay; they are not overly friendly, but are not rude to us. Perhaps looking Pinoy helps, based on some reviews, which is unfortunate since this is business.   What kept me from giving the one-stop shop 5 stars are two things, one worse than the other. The groceries are fresh for the most part, but sometimes are not at peak freshness depending on the day one shows up. Fortunately, I do not have to trek too far or else I'd be upset.   Onto the bad thing about Seafood City. There are a few customers who cause trouble. A few weeks ago, we witnessed Africans fist fighting outside of the Jollibee section. They were hollering (maybe profanities) in their language. Although the police arrived, human detritus has come to shore at Seafood City. There are some vagrants who hang outside the store and parking lot who beg for money.   A few days ago, my mom encountered a rude male customer who was pushing her out of the way with his shopping cart and pushing his groceries ahead of hers while flailing his arms at her, thus creating physical contact. When she told him to stop and say "excuse me", he claimed that he couldn't tell whether she spoke English or not. Regardless of a customer's level of English literacy, everyone understands "excuse me." Even recent Spanish speaking immigrants know and say "excuse me" with thick accents. My mother was about to move on, but saw the same man chatting and laughing with the nonchalant security guard about what he did to her. Mom told the security what the man did and that he should do his job and then pretended to scold the man.  I think I will have to consider going to Chinatown, even if the trip is further away.
-buffet -the guy behind the counter was sooo filipino "corny" -they did not have much dessert selections but fruit, come on now we are KNOWN for dessert -the bathroom was big and clean -a lot of drink choices -they did not have any ice cream scoops either -the little grocery store to the side was somewhat dark and possibly closed -ate the beef steak and onions (i love me some onions) that was swimming in grease -we are known for grease -food was tastey but had better -no sinigang, boooooooo =RICE FRIED WITH SHRIMP PASTE IS WORTH THE HYPERTESION
For a $6.99 Filipino buffet, this place is pretty good. But I have to mark down a star because they kept running out of food! No more halo-halo, no more lechon kawali, no more sago gulaman, no more egado for the rest of the day, and it was only 2pm! And there were no plans to make more. So sad! Otherwise, pretty good, especially for the price you pay. So the lesson is to go early!
i came here with high expectation seeing that my cousins, that have only been in the states for about 4 years, told me about how much more better it is than Pinoy Pinay and all the other chains.  This place gets 3.5 stars! I mean really. A Filipino buffet for $6.99. You cannot beat that with a bat. With an array of selections, it was hard to just pick here and there. My only gripes of this place is the food is a little oily and the rice was a little mushy. Maybe they just put too much oil and water...hahah. Pretty much from there, you get what you pay for. I had everything from the pancit to the beef steak. Pretty tasty food, not too bland, but then again it is what it is. Don't come here expecting you are gonna get GREAT home cooking. You will get what your $6.99 pays for. Have I made my point clear yet?   Would I come back? Maybe if I was really hung over and I can't find a PHO place that looks decent around the STRIP.
Aww....we ended up at the wrong Nanay Gloria's. I thought they'd be the same, but my boyfriend is convinced the other location is better and homeier.  They had a ton of choices, except no lechon or lumpia :( We got there at 4pm and there were still quite a few people there, so they're continually refilling the buffet.
All I can say is you get what you pay for and for around $7 I got a lot. All the times I've been to Vegas, I've never ventured off the strip but thanks to some kababayans, they recommended this place after a couple of days of overpriced food options elsewhere.   They had a lot of different options, but I chose the ones I was more familiar with like pancit, fried chicken, kare kare (my fav, but my mom's is still the best!), sinigang, and lots and LOTS of sisig. I know it wasn't the most healthy choice, but this is Vegas and I would pay the $7 just to eat a plate of sisig.   I took my Vietnamese friend here and even he had more than 3 plates of food. Along with the halo-halo, I would say my $7 was well spent. I will definitely be coming back next time I'm in the city.   If you're looking for a five star restaurant, go spend $30-$75 somewhere else.
For Filipino buffet, this place gave us a great first impression.  But after a few more visits, we noticed that the quality of some of their dishes were just average.  One star goes to a pretty good selection of authentic dishes for only $7.  There's about 25 dishes that include Pancit, Chicken Tinola, Lechon Kawali, Laing, Kare Kare, and Crispy Bangus.  The standouts were their Sinagang na Salmon, Adobo with skinless chicken/pork, and their colorful and spicy sisig with bell peppers and crispy pork skin.   But don't expect to see a large dessert selection in this buffet.  Only Ginitaan and some fruit were available during our visits.  I'll give them another star for having Mang Tomas (A popular Filipino all-purpose sauce used for lechon and other roasts) and Jufran banana sauce available at EVERY TABLE.  Speaking of tables, this place is cleaner than most other Filipino buffet joints I've been to.    Their unlimited Fried Chicken SKIN (another standout buffet dish) deserves one star by itself.  Where else would you find hoards of crispy chicken skin?  Sadly, or not, I can eat this crunchy goodness like popcorn.  It's not good for you, but hell....whatever happens in Vegas.....right?
I was going to hit up the Rio World Carnival Buffet but decided to venture out a bit. Ok, so I spent way too much money in Vegas already so my purse strings started to tighten up a bit. You can't beat $6.99...well you can at $5.99, but I couldn't find a place for that price so here I went. Nanay Gloria's is a total hole-in-the-wall kind of joint. When you're eating you feel like you were at a relatives house.   The food was good. Extremely greasy, but good. I've always considered Filipino food to be the Mexican food of Asia. Greasy and always makes you want to take a nap afterward. There were many dishes I've never had before, but luckily I had a couple of my good friends who are Filipino help me out in describing to me what I was eating.   With each crispy-fatty bite I felt my taste buds heightened to a new level. The food was actually good! The lechon had crack sprinkled on top which is the reason I couldn't stop eating it. I tried not to fill up on too much rice so I could try everything else. There were 2 different types of curries. I'm sorry I don't know the proper names, but one was pork and the other beef. Both well seasoned and tasty.  The healthiest thing I consumed while during my Filipino cuisine were probably the 2 cans of Coke. $1 for each can I may add. So my buffet meal came out to under $10. Not bad right? Would I come here again? Sure I would, but first I'd have to have an angioplasty to clean out my arteries from the first time I came.  Nanay Gloria should really consider expanding this place just because it was a little too crowded at times with all the people coming in for take-out orders as well. I said so many "excuse me's" that the phrase lost all meaning!
AYCE Filipino food! If you're in the mood to have some decent, not-so-greasy Filipino food (DJ Bibingkahan diss) with no limit, go here!  It's your average Filipino taste, nothin really like your moms or dads of course but it does the job.  They have fruits for dessert and they always have ginitaan (sweet rice porridge with coconut milk) which is my favorite here.  If you don't like the taste of any of the choices, put it on your plate anyway an use the All-Purpose sauce they have at every table called Mang Thomas!  Thats right ALL-PURPOSE!  Food don't taste right? Mang Thomas. Ran out of banana catsup? Mang Thomas. Need a little lube? Mang Thomas. Thirsty? Mang Thomas!! Need an oil change? Mang Thomas!!! NEED WORLD PEACE?! MANG THOMAS!!!!!
For a starving filipino whos craving for some filipino food this is the place they have it all there spread is awsome wit all the filipino favorites i first fell in love with this place 3yrs ago an they still got it goin on
Last time I went there the food is very bad.  Fried chicken was head and dry, sinigang na isda has lots of Bones the fish is not fresh, most of the food are cold the shrimp or meat that they put in the dish is very frugal never will I go back there again.  Sorry!
-First Filipino buffet i have encountered -Should offer more deserts -The only thing i ate was the sinigang and the sisig, and it was delish - The other things on the menu, not so great. -Not bad for a filipino buffet.
My family and friends went here after a  long stroll in the strip....coz we have been eating Nanay glorias in LA. and its good there we just couldnt pass this on...and honestly we are not dissapointed..Personally food was just right according my taste buds :D....we will definetely come back here and eat some more of the goodies...it just could have more desserts and more fruits :)..other than that we loved it. and recommend it for ayone who craves for pinoy food.
My husband and I were in Vegas in November 2011 to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary and were searching for Asian food. When I found this place, I thought, perfect, there's a Filipino place nearby.  I was disappointed. Service was very nice, but very slow. I was 3rd in line and only ordered empanadas but had to wait in line to pay for half an hour - seriously - my husband made sure I knew how long it took. Granted it was not completely their fault since the people in front of me were ordering for their families and seemed to keep changing their orders, but then there should be a re-evaluation of their ordering system. Just have a separate express line for people picking up small ready made items like drinks, chips, etc. instead of the one cafeteria-style line. After eating my empanadas, sadly it was not worth the wait.
Everything here is close to my mama's cooking. Maybe that's why they put the word "Nanay" in the name of the restaurant.  Nanay means mother btw.  Best value in Las Vegas for Filipino food. Forget Goldilocks, forget DJ Bibingkahan, and forget Pinoy Pinay. Nanay Gloria's is the place to be! $7.99 for AYCE Filipino food. Be careful tho, eating too much here will catch you in a food coma quick! I always get the salmon sinigang. TOO BOMB!!!   For dessert, try the warm ginitaan. It's the white soupy looking dish.
I really want to impress on readers how this restaurant has gone downhill within the last couple of years.  Nanay Gloria's on Maryland Parkway used to be a good deal for your dollar, but things have changed, and I feel, it's to save money as much as possible.  Firstly, if you have children between the ages of 1-3 years old, they will be charged.  It doesn't sound like a lot--$1.99, but more respectable buffet eateries don't usually subscribe to such practices.  Still, they didn't use to do this.  Secondly, they've gotten rid of trays.  Yes, trays.  This is a cafeteria style buffet line, and you are expected to fill your plate and carry it to your table by hand.  That means multiple trips back to get water and your silverware.  God forbid that you happen to be carrying soup...and with a kid in tow.  Talk about an accident waiting to happen.  I honestly feel they got rid of the trays to discourage customers from filling their plates.  I actually asked them why they got rid of them, and no one could give me a decent answer.  But, trays are just practical at any eatery, and I strongly condemn this restaurant for  getting rid of them.  I've always liked their kare-kare (ox-tail and tripe in a peanuty broth) which is always complemented by a sauteed shrimp paste (known as ginisang bagoong).  I remember how I used to love their sauteed shrimp paste.  Now, it tastes as if the shrimp paste is coming straight from the jar without being sauteed.  The pancit was left wanting, as it was more noodle than anything.  There were big chunks of the "rootier" parts of the cabbage--not the leafy part, and it left the dish tasting too bitter.   Their curried chicken at the time I dined there, had veggies that were undercooked, and I happened to scoop up the chicken's neckbone, which, in my opinion, wasn't going to do a ravenous diner any favors.  Do they expect that I'll be sucking on a length of neckbone just to lap up the last bits of curry?  If they want to add it for flavoring, they should remove it prior to serving.  The dessert items are very limited.  They always have a hot dessert on the food line, but the selection of fruits and other sweets were very limited.  Trying to sit down to a clean table was almost impossible.  Even the cleanest table that we were at felt sticky to the touch.  They need to not only remove dishes, but they need to really wipe down their tables (and chairs) better.  In all, I think Nanay Gloria's likes to rely on the reputation it had in the past.  As a local here, I can honestly say that customers are better off eating elsewhere.  I am no longer impressed.
Coming from the bay area this place pretty much rocks in terms of value and overall variety... We came here 10am on a Friday and food was of course piping hot. Sisig seems to be the best dish and the hot ginataan mais was a nice treat.
Staff was nice but as for the food, not so much. Fried rice is really dry, the dessert is an assortment of fruits, and by the time I wanted to get dessert, everything was gone and was not replenished. The free water was not refilled, but the ice bucket was over flowing.  You have to pay before eating which I found kind of strange for a sit down restaurant.
If your craving for some flip food this is the place to go. It's also cheap 7.99 per person on the buffet. It's the closest you can get to home cook food.   Space is pretty decent because they have an extension so you do not need to worry about not sitting at all.   Parking is pretty ample so you would have to worry about your car getting scratch.
For $7.99 per person. I really didn't expect much. I spent $10 for a slice of mediocre pizza at the strip. (I was THAT hungry)  3:00 pm bf decides that he's hungry. Friends were dining at buffet and forgot to invite us lol. Most buffets on the strip close 2:00pm for lunch.  So we caved in. It was a pleasant surprise. The place was simple but clean, nothing too fancy. There was a TV playing the Filipino channel. Bathroom was clean (thank goodness)  Sinigang was yummy. Wasn't shy of sampalok (tamarind) Rice was cooked well (not too dry or soggy) Pancit was well seasoned with salt and black pepper and had slices of veggies and pork here and there Pinakbet was spot on  Bulalo lacked a bit of flavor but still good enough, you can count the bone marrow in the tray most of it were veggies and broth. Chicharon was a bit chewy but nothing too bad  for dessert they had a fruit tray, I settled for the watermelon. And it was fresh and sweet. def refreshing for the hot weather last weekend  Again for 7.99 you get your money's worth. Better than the $10 pizza slice I paid for.
Strictly comparing the food at other Filipino restaurants I give this place a 2.5. No "blood" stew included in the buffet while the other Glorias locations do. Overall food quality/authenticity is OK at best.
All you can eat filipino food buffet. Delicious, affordable, friendly environment, TFC shows on TV screen =)
Their phone kept ringing and ringing and no one's answering their phone! Its been two days now! In order to value your customers, you have to pay attention to your callers too!
No tissues on the tables. No trays. Dirty place.
This place is cheaper than the "Ito'y sariling atin" store. That is a big plus for me. There aren't a lot of people and the place isn't really decorated but hell, the place is cheap. That's all I care about.  We had to-go because we were ready to go back to our hotel. The woman that put our food together I think was rather tired that day so she made a mistake by putting the wrong kind of soup in our to-go box.  Oh well. I'm not really picky. The food was average and cheap. That's really all I care about.
We pre-order a whole lechon for my mom's 85th birthday bash and deposited $100 cash  two weeks in advanced. When its time for pick up on jan 4, 2014 sat.  The employee from nanay gloria  has no clue whats going on and did not even attempted to remedy the situation. It's good thing we kept the reciept and got back our money. The bad part is my mom is expecting a huge crowd approximately  50 people , some of them from out of town.  We have to scramble  our resources to accomodate our guest. Nanay gloria  employee  did nothing to help us out, no explanation how they lost our lechon . Very unprofessional and uncompassionate !!! Kabalen pa naman! :(
I visit this place earlier as Im craving for filipino dish...It is an affordable place I paid $ 22.44 for 2 persons and they charge $1 extra because I used my debit card. I didn't argue with the extra charge but still its not usual..   The place was not at its best not too clean. The food was ok nothing special the taste was so.. So...the dessert uhmmm dont like it! I've been to couple of buffets here and I can say that this place is ok but not recommendable.
Do NOT eat here!!!!! got empanadas and they were SPOILED, SLIMY, GROSS!!! I was so upset, drove back and got my refund!!!! I know they re-use left overs. I will never EVER go back!!! You've been WARNED!!!!
I have tasted better Filipino food.
Being Filipino and having moved to Gilbert last year from Southern California, one of my first objectives was to find a Filipino food restaurant here in the valley. I found Lumpia Factory by accident by just exploring around Chandler one day. I found enough of the things I grew up eating (pancit, lumpia and adobo) and also tried some dishes that I heard about but never tried (menudo, which is way different than the mexican offering and apritada). It still isn't like what mom used to make, but what restaurant really does that. In a pinch, Lumpia Factory takes care of that craving I get for "home cooking".
If you like Filipino food you should try this place.  I ate here several times while I was in Chandler. There are so many dishes that are good here and I don't even know the names of most of them.  What I did, once I saw how it was, was to go in after 6pm when they put almost everything on half price to move it out before they close and I just pointed to about 4 or 5 dishes like I was going thru a buffet line and get the smallest container of each item (except the pancit which I really love and get a bigger size of) and took it all home and eat it for the next 3 or 4 meals.  The chicken and pork were both good.  This is not low-calorie stuff so be forewarned it will fill you up!
I drove past this place quite a few times, making a mental note of it but didn't venture to go inside until a few months ago. The guy who typically works there is mostly friendly though he takes a little while to warm up to you. The ladies who work there usually can't take their eyes off of the tv long enough to actually look at you, but oh well.  Previous to going here, I hadn't had much exposure to Filipino food. Most of it is pretty good, though there are a few dishes that weren't quite what I expected. Overall, the dishes seem to be a little on the oily side...I'm not sure if this is typical of Filipino food or if its just this place. My favorite thing about this place is the lumpia, which at 4 for $1 are a pretty good deal. Surprisingly, their sweet and sour sauce is amazing. Also, on weekends they have this roast pork that is freaking amazing.   All in all, its worth trying it out at least. Make sure you bring cash though, because they dont take plastic.
I used to be a frequent visitor here when this venue first opened somewhere around 2005, and Shirley was the cook/manager.  She initially started this Filipino eggroll (lumpia) catering business with a partner who decided to move on and leave Shirley to her own devices.  She expanded her business to include a few popular items she'd freshly prepare, rather than serve it buffet-style.  This ensured that the food was low in fat, but high in flavor!  I remember buying fresh pan de sal and baked chicken empanadas.  How I do miss Shirley and her way of doing business.  The new owners (as of 2006), a husband and wife team, do serve tasty dishes.  At least they used to.  It's been over a year since I've last eaten there.  Do go as early in the day as possible to be sure to get the freshest meals.  If you are looking for bargains, do visit before they close, but keep in mind that many items may already be overcooked from sitting under heating lamps/over heating elements.  The meals here are very greasy, but that's pretty much standard about meals served buffet-style (the fat keeps the food from burning).  I used to enjoy the afritada, menudo, and Bicol express.  The lumpia is pretty good, but only if very fresh (that may be more of a personal choice, since I have encountered many people who do not mind eating horrible, soggy pathetic excuses of lumpia).      One can also find desserts, such as halo-halo, biko, and turon.
Several years ago I had a renter who is Phillipino. Every so often, they cook Lumpia (phillipine verson of Chinese egg roll). It is home make style, it is dee -liceous. Since they move out, I sure missed Lumpia.  Three months ago, I by chance saw the sign 'LUMPIA factory', My mouth begin to watering. My thought was could it be my former renter?. I step inside, nop, they were phillipino...but not my former renter. I order several 'LUMPIA' it is just as good.
This place has the personal touch I like.  The guy remembered me from 2007 and 8/08.  Unfortunately they didn't have Pancit today but I got some sinigang and ate it on the spot. (4/16/09)
I had a bad lumpia experience at this place. I went there since I had a huge craving for some authentic lumpia and I ordered the pork lumpia. It tasted freezer burned and the edges were burnt where the meat was busting out. My friend calls this kind of lumpia "lazy ass lumpia" cuz the edges are open faced and not enclosed....hahahahaa. Anyhow I might give this place a 2nd try if I'm ever in the neighborhood but highly doubt it.
I miss Manila Café from the early 2000s, the little Filipino joint that used to be at this location, a little pocket nudged into the strip mall on the southwest corner of Alma School and Elliot. I love lumpia, though--the Filipino version of the egg roll, its biggest difference coming from the thin, crisp wrapper as contrasted to the thick, doughy wrappers used with Americanized Chinese egg rolls. Thus, it was easy to be drawn to Manila Café's replacement.   For a place called the Lumpia Factory, though, the lumpia pickings are usually sparse when I'm there, and those that I've had, aren't quite my style--cigarillo-thin and filled only with meat, they left me yearning for Mom's big fat lumpia, elegant, ample, savory, and home. That aside, the food here can be pretty good!   Shove some storage boxes aside, shift the somewhat awkward and somewhat heavy tables and chairs so you can actually sit at them without having to be as thin as a stick figure (they don't mind that their clientele shifts tables and chairs around to suit their parties, which is usually families of various sizes), then step up to the hot plates nestled into the steam table to see the 8-10 dishes offered on that day's menu--it changes daily, but is usually the same from week to week. Whoever I've run into, manning the counter, has been polite, downright friendly, and eager to please (and answer any questions, for those of you novices). Point through the glass at what will usually be stewing meats or soups, braised meats and vegetables, sometimes unusual parts of common animals (tripe anyone?), and set up your plate--a combo with two or three items with a serving of rice--and the counter help will bring it to you in Styrofoam plates and bowls.   If you're Filipino or have affection for the cuisine, chances are, your pick will hit the spot, or at least come close. Of course, if you're like me and compare the food to mom's cooking, you're bound to find something to take issue with, but if you enjoy it for what it is--home-style comfort food from a culture whose food is far too ignored and, therefore, hard to come by, then you'll be pleased and maybe even get all nostalgic.   If you're new to Filipino food, you can start easy with one of their adobo dishes, lumpia, and a pancit dish, which is the Filipino equivalent of Chinese lo mein--you can't go wrong with noodles! No matter who you are, try halo-halo for dessert--this is at the heart of Filipino desserts!
Had to add a star for two reasons:  Lechon.  This is it.  There was a tray heaping full of the stuff in all its golden and shiny glory.  I pointed and said that I HAD to have it. The first piece I tasted was the equivalent of finding $200 in an old wallet when your rent is due.  Crunchy skin that immediately melted in my mouth.  Juicy sinful fatty stuff that clung to the thick pieces of skin.  And tender meat so juicy that it made me google how this stuff was made.  Lechon is all its hyped up to be.  The other reason for the star is for the hospitality I receive whenever I go in there.  Well, I've only been twice, but each time has been great.  Once again, the family atmosphere was in full effect.  I still haven't asked who is who, but I'll work my way up to that.  But the people behind the counter have been awesome.  This time, a dude big in stature chatted about the Knicks vs. Bulls rivalry and actually made a point that I could not deny.  Seems like a great guy and he had complete confidence in his lechon, which he full well should.  But what tops it all is the way he ended our transaction.  Let's just say it was the top of the mountain for customer/vendor relationships.  When trust is built between an owner and a customer, you pretty much have a guaranteed repeat customer.  That's what the Factory has gained in me.  Also, I got the bbq ribs again...and they were even better than last time if that's even possible. And finally, I had an order of lumpia.  Now...mines were burnt on the ends.  It wasn't ideal to have to chop the ends off of each one, but the taste of them nulls the fact that I had to do that.  These were awesome tasting lumpia.  Maybe they just took their eyes off of them for a minute too long or something.  I'll definitely give these another go. I can see 5 stars in their future if the food maintains its deliciousness, which I am confident it will.
Finally got here.  Too late in the evening, apparently.  No more lumpia.  No more pancit.  DOH!!!  Can't knock that too much, as earlier reviews warned me of that.  Anyway, what I did get was some Bistek (sp), a lichon dish, and some ribs in sauce.    Wow.  That's really all I can say about the lichon and the ribs.  Both these dishes have wickedly good sauce...a bit sweet with some awesome spices in there.  No, don't think 'sweet-n-sour'...that's such a step down from what this is. The bistek was a tad dry, but the taste outweighed this small flaw.  Pepper steak?  No.  Much better than your normal Chinese food joint pepper steak.  The flavors here are subtle, and the onions add a sweetness that compliments the meat.    All three items with rice ran me about $8.  That's less than a 3 item entree at Panda's.  That's less than a footlong combo at Subway.  That's less than a lot of things that are less tasty than what I got at the Factory.  I was really hoping to have some lumpia, though.  When she told me that the pancit was gone, I was disappointed.  But then she said they ran out of lumpia, and I wanted to cry.  Not really.  Like everyone that's reviewed has said, get here earlier in the afternoon if you want a large variety.  Because there wasn't even any adobo left when I got there...around 5:30 in the evening.  I see that this is a place where the family/owners just kinda hang out.  I like that.  It gives a sense of...ease...unpretentiousness...non-stuckupishness.  Its funny that whenever I've walked into one of these Filipino restaurants, all the people look at me as if they expect to know me somehow...I'm waiting for someone to ask me in tagalog "Aren't you so-n-so's son?" lol  I was in kind of a bummer mood, but the warmth of family made me smile.  Lol, the Filipino channel was indeed on, and indeed loud.  But it added to my experience somehow.    I will be back since this is not too far from me.  And I'm sure once I try a few lumpia, some adobo and some pancit, I'll be adding a star.  Also, I was surprised they didn't have cantaloupe juice, which is now my favorite beverage on Earth.
This is my favorite Filipino Restaurant in AZ.  There's nothing like coming here for lunch on the weekends.  They have a pretty extensive array of dishes available on Saturday and Sunday.    I really have to stay disciplined when I come here, because I always feel like ordering one of everything.    Their lechon is pretty damn tasty.  I have ordered lechon from them for holiday parties, and family members usually rave about how good it is.  When there's a "pot luck" type party at my wife's work, she usually orders 100 pieces of pork lumpia from here, and it is always the first item that runs out.    If you're craving Filipino food.  You have to pay a visit to Gene at Lumpia Factory.
I really liked this place. Can anyone confirm that it actually closed down?
So...another Filipino restaurant casualty.  I saw they had closed some time earlier this year.  Very sad, as with Karey's Kitchen, the people were very cool.
This'll prob be my last update.   They have earned 5 stars for consistently having delicious food and for the great feeling I get when I go in.   I'm horrible with names, but the guy that owns the place served me this evening and he remembered me instantly.  Again we he had a great conversation about the NBA, this time the 'Super Friends' of Miami.  And again, trust between customer and business owner was built on, which carried over from my last visit.   Good people plus good food equals 5 stars in my book.   They now have a buffet every Sunday from 9-3 I think, or 8-3.  I'm looking forward to partaking of that...wonder how they fit all the people in there, though?  Anyway, my food tonight was again a great experience for my tastebuds.  Yes, the food is a bit greasy...but like a previous reviewer (and all the Filipino folks I know) said, this cuisine is typically greasy at buffets so the meats won't dry out.  Just put everything over some rice and you're good to go...but I still just scarf down the stuff right out of the container. I just can't stress enough how nice the people here are!
As far as Filipino food in Arizona, this is the place to go.  Lots of choices to choose from.  Pancit freshly made right as you wait, halo-halo which is to die for, and the lumpia is just delightful.  The decor is plesant with Filipino television playing in the backround. The staff is ultra friendly and can speak English or Tagalog depending on your mood. Very clean place compared to the other Filipino places nearby, but the food speaks for itself.
out of the three filipino restaurants in Mesa i think this is the best, lots of choices in the food, and the cantelope drink is a must have.  the portions are really good, and price is very reasonable.  i took my friends there last week and they liked it.  only thing i ask the cook though is too go a little easier on the grease, but than again it wont be a filipino dish if there weren't grease oozing out of it  lol
I've eaten here and taken food home many times since it first opened in 2004.  Food is definitely greasy, but as I've said before, foods that are served buffet-style tend to have added fat to keep them from burning sitting on/under heat lamps for hours.  [At least that's what Shirley, former owner/cook of Lumpia Factory, told me.  Shirley, if you're reading this, please open up another restaurant!  Shirley shied away from using the buffet line (only used it on weekend breakfast buffets) and would cook meals to order.]  Had dinner here tonight (12/2/8) after having had a bit of kalamaria at Zorba's Greek Cafe (not Zorba's Adult shop! LOL) down the street.  Had an idea to supplement the squid protein by getting some veggies from JB, but the buffet spread leaned heavily towards meat dishes with little or no veggies or (food allergy) shrimp entrees with lots of veggies.  :(  Still, $5.45 (that's already including tax!) for a two-entree combo with two 1/2 cup scoops of rice is nothing to sneeze at, so I had a plate of chicken apritada (stir-fried on-the-bone chicken with potato wedges, red bell peppers, onions, and carrots in a tomato-based sauce) and pork giniling (stir-fried ground pork with peas, green bell peppers, and onions).  As you might imagine, with the addition of red bell pepper, carrots, and peas, both entree choices were on the sweet side, which is alright, but the dish quickly bored my tastebuds due to lack of other flavor components (unlike Thai cuisine, where every bite offers a spicy, sweet, sour, and salty components to the mix!).  Even the adobo I sampled (sampling is encouraged here) was sweet.   One definitely should try the lunch combos, when they're the freshest, or order the noodle dishes when they're available (usually from lunch to early afternoon).  I've never had the chance to try these noodle dishes [mamis, pancit (canton, malabon, and palabok] since I either partook of the lunch specials or I visited around dinner-time when these said items were no longer offered.    The halo-halo especial served here is pretty tasty!  Try the one with ube ice cream (another option, at least then, was mango- Philippine mango ice cream tastes just like Philippine mango, unlike mango flavors I've tried here in the States, where they do not actually TASTE like mango, but only taste like they SMELL- totally two different sensations.)  If you've never had halo-halo before, but have tried the Vietnamese version Che bau mau, then you kind of have an idea of the Pinoy version of it.  Ours, however, has NUMEROUS variations due to additional ingredients, such as leche flan (custard), ube halaya (a pudding, of sorts, made from ground purple yam cooked with coconut milk, butter, and sugar), coconut sport strings, jackfruit, tapioca pearls (boba to you!), and, well, you get the picture.  "Halo-halo especial" usually means ice cream is involved.    Jeepney Bistro is where I refer Filipinos and non-Filipinos to eat out of the handful of Chandler establishments the valley has to offer.  This may change, however, once I try a spot I recently stumbled upon a couple of weeks ago...  Stay tuned!
I never noticed this place when I was here in Chandler for 9 months in 2007, but the lady said they had been here for 5 years.  My loss.     Today I was driving through the center it is in and noticed it had Filipino food, which I have come to appreciate in San Diego recently.  I used the "point-point" method along with a few questions and ended up with my standby, Pork Sinigang, which was good, a pork snout mixture, and some rice.  The rice was mediocre but the other dishes were very good and I was glad I stopped here, even though it meant I didn't get as far as the places in Chandler I was anxious to get back to.  I now have a new favorite in town!  The combination I got was $6.50 and was way more food than I could eat in one sitting.  I will be back! (4/09)
Ay naku - Santo Nino...where are you? This place needs your help.  I swear I will do an eternity of novenas just so they can get rid of the grease on their food.  I was there several days ago and ordered their pork adobo. For the first time in my entire life I cringed over pork adobo. Me, cringing over pork adobo? what what what?!  The layer of grease on it was...wow. For me to say it was so greasy I couldn't eat it is really saying something. I swear, even their plain rice  had a greasy feeling in my mouth. The flavor of everything was wonderful, but uggh...the grease. THE GREASE!!!  I want to go back. I really do. But the grease stops me everytime.
Drove by today and found it is now closed.  "Greek's Grill" is in its place.
The thing I miss most about California food is my folks cooking, and so I was thrilled to find Jeepney Bistro because their food, at least the dishes I had were on par to my parent's cooking. In fact, I thought their pork adobo was better than my dad's, and that is saying a lot!  The food is served family style and it's on display so you can see what the foods look like before you order it. For two, we got rice, pork adobo, munggo beans, and the pancit bihon. If you'd like to see pictures of the dishes and of the place, you can see what I took at my food blog: http://bit.ly/cZJ1JB  I would give the place 5 stars if they had better dessert offerings as there wasn't much. The pancit bihon was ok but not stellar. The adobo and munggo beans were just like eating at mom & dad's.
From the San Diego Talk Thread, "Sinigang Soup for the Soul":  "Okay, so  yesterday (6/3) I gave in to the swollen gums, right cheek, eye and right side of my lips and went to my cousin's highly recommended dentist in Chandler (AZ) and ended up with an emergency double-root-canal on two side-by-side molars that had cracked back in January and I hadn't taken care of.  So where did I go after filling my prescription at the local Costco Pharmacy?  Jeepney Bistro, a local Point-Point place I found here two trips ago.  Had a bowl of Sinigang and a plate of Bihon.  I left feeling like I'd had a good day in spite of the dental trauma.  Who needs chicken soup??  http://www.jeepneybist...  http://www.yelp.com/bi...  I guess I just wrote my update, huh?"
I went here for lunch today and have found a new place to get my fix for filipino food.    They had a variety of dishes to choose from: pork adobo, pork sinigang, caldareta, mungo, menudo, sarchado - too many for me to remember.  They also offer a few dishes made to order.  Their combo meals come with rice and are reasonably priced ($4.85 for one item w/ rice, and about $6 for two items with rice).  We ordered the pancit bihon, lumpia shanghai, and got a couple of combo meals with the sinigang and caldareta.  Everything was excellent.  Service was quick, and very friendly.  I would have given them 5 stars if they had more dessert to offer, but still a place I will visit again.
I was going to give Jeepney Bistro a 4 star review until my most recent visit this past Sunday. The food needs to be kept warm instead of at room temperature plus the taste of the food wasn't the greatest on my last visit. So after at least a half dozen times patronizing Jeepney Bistro I'm just going to say that sometimes it's great and sometimes not so good. Anybody can have a bad day. I would rate this restaurant at 3.5 stars.  When things are right, the Caldereta, Menudo, Adoba and Sinigang are delicious. I usually take some food home to eat during the week.
Quite disappointed. It was the only one open on Mondays though. I was searching for something as good as the food in LA, but no luck. Food was cold, expensive, servings were small. What they had on the menu wasn't there such as pancit. They said they stop making it at 4:30 pm and the place closes at 8:30 pm...wow. Never again, no matter how Bad the craving.   Any suggestions for other Filipino restaurants worth eating in Chandler???
It was nice to see a business that's thriving but to combine a mini mart and a restaurant seems not good when people are eating while others are shopping for their groceries. It's kinna annoying when you're eating and people pass you by back and forth. I am Ok when someone serves me "tutong" cold rice because I can just mix it in with my warm food but honestly every customer should not be given that since it's just way of showing a, "Come what may service and WHATEVER attitude!" Always maintain the Filipino food standards even though you know you're the only Filipino Fast food in Chandler.
This and Gingeroot are the only places left close to me.  I pick this one when I want something packed up quick to go.  They have the pick-a-dish style setup and I like asking what I'm pointing at.  Some of the staff are more friendly than others, but they are all decent.   I've been here probably 5 times or so.  I've never gotten anything unappetizing.  I have little experience with Filipino food...that is to say I've never had a meal in someone's house by some old grandmother, so I don't know good pancit from bad pancit...good adobo from bad adobo.  But honestly, everything I've gotten from here on any visit has ranged from pretty good to delicious.   Compared to the late Karey's Kitchen (tear), Halo-Halo, also late Eggroll Lumpia Factory (tear), and Gingerroot...this food is just as good as any them.  At each place I've had at least one dish to completely wow me...and I've had about three here, and I'm sorry I don't remember the names!  I SHALL learn my Filipino cuisine, by darnit. The prices are decent, too I guess.  I mean you can get a 2 item combo over rice for like $8.  And the amount they give you is enough. One thing that blows me away every time is this fried pork..uhm...skin I guess???  Its in the tall case sitting on the counter, all fried and golden and evil.  This stuff probably takes months off of your life, but its just pure bad goodness.  And the sauce that comes with it could be put on a hubcap and taste good. I also enjoy their lumpia.  I've had it my last two visits and each time they were very light, fried perfectly, and stuffed generously.  And the taste is awesome!  Worth a whole star from this guy. The interior has a side for karaoke, which one day I will go and just sit and watch...  There's a decent amount of tables and its one of the bigger Filipino places inside.  Filipino grocery type stuff is along the walls and makes you want to try...something or another just to see what it tastes like.  A lot of deserts and snacks.  Very cool to read the packages while you wait. I now understand about the greasiness due to frequenting places like this lately.  Sometimes I do frown at how much of my food ends up being grease, but this is mainly noticeable when you have left overs the next day...warming it up is a grease-fest.  It seems a little greasier here than the other places I've visited.  But I must say, the food still taste great to me. Oh and get the cantaloupe juice!  Theirs is not as good as Halo-Halo's, but it's still one of the best things to drink on a hot day around here.
This is a tough one.  It's probably the best Filipino restaurant in the Phoenix area.  But that's not saying much, because the few there are here are really not good.  Compare Jeepney Bistro to one of the places in Filipino Town (Los Angeles), and they get blown away.  And, for the record, my wife is a Filipina.  And she cooks MUCH better than the chef here.  No contest.  A lot less grease/fat/oil, that's for sure!!  Also, their portions are a bit small.  Bigger than a few other places I could name, but still small.  If you really want some Filipino food, and you don't know my wife to beg some from her, this is probably your best option without driving to LA.  But don't form your opinion of Filipino food based on this place.  Go to LA and try Bahay Kubo Natin, or some others, and you'll get a much better idea of what the cuisine is about!
Stopped by here for lunch a couple of days ago.  Food and service were very good.  Definitely going back again.
First off, the entrance to this place confuses the crap outta me!  When you arrive, go to the door you THINK will lead you into the dining room, then take a 90 degree right turn and use the other door that looks like it's blocked off.  This food will do in a pinch, and it might not even satiate the craving...  The dining room was empty and they were prepping the days food, so I may have come too early....but they were.....open......  I ordered the Crispy pata (Deep fried pig trotter), and diniguan (Filipino deconstructed blood sausage is the best description I could come up with) two scoops of rice and two cokes.  The Crispy pata was over cooked and DRY!!!! I should have known when she took it out of the fridge wrapped in tin foil. Me aculpa. The Diniguan was good and tasted as it should.  I'm not sure what the total bill was, but it was definitely NOT worth it.  Very warm dining room.  Loose stools follwed shortly thereafter.
This was my first time having Filipino food at an actual restaurant.  I have had it catered at parties and made by some of my friends, but I never got a chance to actually go order something myself.  I saw some items that were pre-made, and I wasn't sure what most of them were.  I had a choice between a 2-3 item combo with rice or some items they can make fresh.  I had no idea how long the food was there, so I decided to go with Canton Noodles, which had curry flavored noodles, veggies, shrimp, and pork.  To go with it, I had this delicious cantaloupe drink made from fresh cantaloupe juice.  The juice was so delicious and fresh, and I can tell they didn't add any additional sugar!  My entree was absolutely delicious, and that is with the fact that I am not a huge fan of pork either.  In the same time, I tried random items from my Filipino friend.  I don't remember the names, but one of them was almost like a soup with lemongrass type flavor.  The other was a curry looking chicken.  I am definitely going to a be bit more adventurous and try some of the pre-made dishes next time.
I was so disappointed in this place. I just moved out here and was craving filipino food and found this place based on reviews. Although the reviews were average, I was hoping to catch this place on one of its good days. Nope, not the case.   The place is not much to look at and the food did not look good. I was hesitant to eat here but was so hungry and saw that they had my fav dishes, sinigang and diniguan. They were both ok, I've def had better. I ordered the pancit for my husband and it was terrible! He had maybe two bites and threw the rest away.   Oh well, won't be coming back here. There's another filipino place in Phoenix so we'll be trying that next. Gingeroot, also in Chandler, is way better but expensive. Guess it's worth the price when you have your cravings!
We just moved from CA where Filipino eateries are a dime a dozen, so you can imagine our desperation to find one out here.  Food is OK for a quick fix and prices were decent, feeding our family of 4 for $22.  Selection gave us a taste of home and staff was friendly.  Main complaints: dining room was stuffy and warm, bathroom was dirty.
I have a "don't ask, don't tell" policy when it comes to Filipino food. I don't ask what it is but I'll point at it. You just serve it to me  and don't tell me what it REALLY is. This is true for this place. I've been coming here for a while for lunch. Sometimes with a friend and sometimes it's just me alone. I usually get the pork adobo, the Diniguan and two scoops of rice. Diniguan is one of those things you don't want  to really know about if you're squeamish. But it sure is good. I know this type of stuff definitely ain't what the doctor ordered but my shrink says  go ahead if it makes you happy - and it does. It's in a strip mall with lots and lots of parking. Been to the next closest Filipino place around in the Mekong Plaza and this place has a much better  selection and better atmosphere in my opinion.  Where else can you catch up on all the latest bizzare  Filipino TV shows?
Love the food!
I love this place! The food is great, everyone is friendly, and best of all... The price is right!
Order the Boodle Fight which is worth the wait and only served I believe on the weekends, enough to feed 6 people and was fresh!  Lumpia and pancit was good and basic.  The other dishes like sinigang was ok.  I make better at home personally.   The halo halo was a large portion.  The sari-sari store next door was convenient to get some basic 'Flip' items from.  The pick and choose buffet-style entries were ok.
Oh my. I really wanted to like this place more because there aren't many Filipino food choices in Phoenix, but it was just ok.  The saving grace of this place was their special seafood layout (don't really know the official name of it) that we ordered on a Sunday at lunch time. It is only available at lunchtime and it consists of grilled shrimp, fish, rice and 2 sides all laid out on a table size platter of banana leaves. I went with 3 others and it was only $30! It was delicious!  But then comes the bad part--I've had some of their prepared foods in the little trays and they were not very good. I am a huge kare-kare lover and it was not the creamy, savory stew I was used to.   Also, their halo-halo and sago gulaman was.....HORRENDOUS! OMG I did NOT think it was possible to mess up such simple amazing desserts!!! The sago and jellies were so rock-hard and unappealing and the halo halo hardly had any filling. The crazy thing is they have a little section in the restaurant with grocery racks of Filipino foods, including the jars with the standard halo-halo ingredients! Why didn't they seem to use these??  I would not recommend any of their regular food. But if you're looking for a unique Sunday lunch, you should try out their grilled seafood special.
For some reason, I often find myself the only customer when I walk in to Jeepney Bistro. This happen at least three times, but I still order their food because it is truly Filipino cooking at its best in the valley (translation: tasty, greasy, and flavorful). The appeal of this place starts and ends with the food. I like most of them (sinigang, bopis, dinuguan....) and I don't often say that.  As much as I like this place, I do have some sanitary suggestions: 1) immediately clear the used plates and utensils at the table and 2) perhaps move the stove and kitchen at the back away from the food counter and the customer's sight. I also have to agree with the other yelp reviewer about the open grocery store becoming a kind of distraction when one is concentrating with his eating, perhaps a thin divider just to define the border.  Three stars, and let me just say thank you Jeepney Bistro for bringing the food that I grew up eating in the Philippines here in Chandler, my new side of town.
I was really craving some Filipino and decided to give Jeepney a try. When i walked in there was a party going on and so there was little customer service at the counter. The food looked like it was sitting there all day and didn't look as appetizing. But i did drive out of my way to get there so I ordered a two item plate to go. The pork adobo was alright but not the best. I will not be going back.
I've been coming here for the past few years now and wanted to let the world know about the journey my taste buds took earlier. I'm not big on swine, but these dishes I tried earlier turned me into a "born again" pork punisher. I had some piggie cooked to perfection in coconut milk/ ginger, white rice, and more of that fine swine; drowning in a smooth peanut sauce. My mind wanted to keep goin but my tummy was at full capacity, so my ideal summertime dessert of ice cream (taro/jackfriut/or coconut) with jackfruit and coconut gel aka Halo Halo had to wait until my next visit. Don't let your eyes trick you into thinking that it doesn't taste like a lil bit of heaven or wait until you can get a groupon to check it out!! Take the fam or get some true bang for your buck by going there for the first friday of each month when they have an ALL YOU CAN EAT BUFFET of food that's fried or cooked in a banana leaf for only $9.99 per person. That's no typo. If you can find Filipino food this tasty for these prices anywhere else, then i'm yelping the wrong company.
The boodle fight meal served on weekends is quite an experience: it's a group affair where rice and various viands (bbq pork, grilled squid, and other items) are spread out on banana leaves and shared by 4 to 6 people. It's reminiscent of communal meals served in fiestas in some parts of the Philippines, though this particular variation is inspired by one mode of communal dining at the Philippine Military Academy. It's a lot of fun, and the food is good.   While I enjoyed my weekend  boodle fight dining here, my experience with the regular weekday fare is less than spectacular. The food is OK, but I would rather go to Halo-halo Kitchen in Phoenix, where I can get similar items in bigger servings. My personal rating for this place is 3.5 stars but I'm rounding it up to 4 because of the weekend boodle fight meals.
= = = = =  JEEPNEY BISTRO LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = =  Stopped in here today to enjoy Jeepney's Lunch Buffet, held on the first Friday of each month.  I was joined by Arlin B. and Norm R., and this mid-sized place was full to capacity with cheery customers by 11:30 AM!  The Buffet consisted of 23 main food items, difficult to name off, but suffice it to say that everything I tried was somewhere between good and terriric!  This is the only Filipino Buffet in the Valley right now, and it beats the one that closed, Barrio Fiesta of Manila, by a kilo!  I have visited the Philippines a number of times and it's a blast over there!  That just added to the joy of dining here today and makes me so tempted to give these guys 5 Stars.  If you're an adventurous meatie, try this place. You'll like it!     :-))  Monthly Lunch Buffet $9.99 including canned beverage or bottled water.
We had lunch here yesterday (Friday) after doing a little business in Chandler.  It's just a little hole in the wall in a surprisingly quiet strip mall.  We just beat the rush and had plenty of time to look over all the options and ask questions about what it all was.  It did fill up quickly after we had secured our table.  They have a single or double combo with two scoops of rice, single serving options (small, medium or large) and a few other things you can get.  Wifey had the double combo with Pancit and Mongo (Mung Bean Soup) but also got an extra side of the Roast Pork (deep fried) and I got the Caldereta and the Mongo as well.  We shared a side order of the Shanghai Lumpia (6) and two canned sodas.  Everything was just great although they obviously don't trim the fat from the beef in the Calderata and so it was a little greasy but still good.  Wifey got some sticky rice with brown sugar dessert thing and wow was that ever good - in a Filipino dessert way.  The thing about Filipino food is that in its own way it can be really good when made by someone who knows what they're doing.  It's not at all "American" but you shouldn't be afraid to be just a little adventurous.  Like others have said, just point at something that looks good and don't worry about what's in it.  We were very happy and the drive back to Tucson was pleasant on our full bellies.  So, the bottom line is a solid 3-stars.  We liked the place and the folks behind the counter.  When we're in the area we'll go back.
Whenever I'm on the West Coast, I make it a point to research whatever Filipino restaurants are in the area.  Chicago SERIOUSLY lacks in this area.  Thanks to Yelper's suggestions, my first stop was to Jeepney Bistro.   There were a handful of ready made items, so I figured I'd get the two item combo.  I was hoping for some dinuguan, but, sadly, that wasn't an option.  I settled on the menudo and the sinigang (and it came with two scoops of rice).  There were also some desserts as well as a small grocery section.  Super casual restaurant with a good number of tables setup.    The two combo meal was SO cheap (under $8) and they really gave a large portion for the price.  The food was just what I needed and it definitely got me through the long night of work (without falling into a food coma!).  Yum.
So... when your establishment says they will be open at 8:30, and you arrive after 8:45, you'd think they would have food ready. Not the case. An unenthusiastic, stony-faced employee told us that they weren't ready to serve anything yet. We asked if we could take a look at the menu in the meantime, and the employee told us to look at their website. Um... what restaurant doesn't at least have a list of their items available for people to look through at their physical location (Or maybe he just didn't want us in the restaurant even though they are supposed to be open)? Disappointed, we left and ended up just making breakfast at home.  Despite getting the cold shoulder in the morning, fate brought us to this area again in the evening. After an outing with the pups at the dog park, Jeepney was within such close proximity that we decided to try some items to go. I entered and while the unenthusiastic employee glanced briefly at me, no "Hi" or "Welcome" was to come my way. I had to go around the counter and wait for a few minutes until he decided to ask me what I wanted to order.   There were maybe 10-12 items sitting in bins available, ready to serve up. I didn't see any heat lamps though, so I'm not sure how they kept the food hot? Some of the items, like the pancit, looked really dried out on the surface as if they had been sitting out for a very long time (Maybe since they started to make the food in the morning?). We ended up ordering 4 items with rice. They were as follows:  Chicken adobo- good taste, with bone-in dark meat chicken. The sauce had a deep tasting soy-sauce flavored base, and reminded me of chicken my mom used to make when I was growing up.  Mechado- This was a hearty beef stew. Another flavorful entree, with tender chunks of beef, and a thick tomato based sauce.  Opo squash- Sliced squash marinated in a vinegar based sauce. The delicate, slightly sweet flavor of the squash contrasted with the sourness of the vinegar well. It was decent, but not a favorite dish out of the 4.  Bopis- Another person at the counter said that the meat in this dish was pork liver. Taking it home, trying it, and then looking at the menu online, this dish is actually made with pork heart, which has a distinctly different texture and taste. There were some chewy white bits, which turned out to be pork snout. While the meat itself tasted alright, the sauce was too murky tasting and indistinct for me to actually like it.  I had actually requested a few other dishes, since I had browsed through the online menu before entering, but the employee said they were out of them (Lechon Kawali, Dinuguan).   The price was very inexpensive for the amount of food we got ($6.45 per 2 item combo). However, since some of the items weren't really that great tasting, and others looked very old, I'm not sure I'd order from the ready-made trays again. I've heard their family meal "Boodle Fight" is great, so maybe one of these days we will try Jeepney again in hopes of a better meal.
Firstly, there are very few Filipino eateries in Phoenix, so I'll give props to this one here.  Located in the rear end of an old plaza on 35th ave. & Thunderbird, you might miss it, so drive, and you will find it in the corner between a furniture store and Abacus Inn.   Inside you will find amiable Filipinas that will greet and accomodate your current food cravings.   I ordered the Pancit Palabok and was familiar with the rice noodles covered with orange-colored sauce, scallion, shrimp, chicharon and an egg to top it off. Puto was also served on the side. Not bad.  My friend ordered shrimp sinigang. The broth was rightly acidic, infused with the natural juices of the whole shrimp (heads included...for those of you who care to know).   Due to time constraints, I was not able to try any of the "sweets." I did spot some bibingka, an ube dessert, and some cassava...they also have other things like cannoli and cookies (but that's not the reason you're there.   I'll surely eat here again, and will revise this review.  But at the end, make sure to provide them with a "salamat", or thank you in return for their great effort to advertise Filipino delicacies, that Phoenix needs more of.
Whoa, I am in heaven.   A recent review for a place in Chandler made me NEED some Filipino food. Let me back track a few years.   I worked with a guy who was in charge of hiring for a drug wholesaler, he liked helping friends and family. He was a Polish Filipino. Some of the family he hired were Filipino and would bring Pancit, Lumpia, adobo etc to the potluck type lunches we had. I would even go to family functions with them. I love Filipino food.   There was a place near me that closed down and I was left with no where to go. I drove past CFB but at the time it was only a bakery...lame   After seeing the review for the place in Chandler, I had to find a closer place. SO I YELPED... sure enough there it was CFB. It is only 6 miles from work...sweet.   I roll in and expect to see a dive but instead see a very clean, and larger then expected dining room. Attached was a bakery full of delights.   I ordered the Pancit with chicken and veggies. It was freaking good. No soy or spicy sauce ALL the normal flavors. I also asked if I could sample some of the Lumpia and it was perfect, fresh, hot, and awesome.   I will be back for some Adobo and some pastry's.   They have karaoke on Friday, and a live band on Saturday. So you are warned.
I live in a town where I can find 5 Filipino restaurants in a 5 mile radius. So when I came to Phoenix for work, I wanted to see what the Filipino restaurant scene was like.  Like the previous reviewer stated, there are very few Filipino eateries. The supermarket that I found on my GPS was closed, so I found this one on Yelp. Overall, I would recommend to go to support the local Filipino restaurant.  When you first walk in, you start in the bake shop area where you'll find cakes and pastries on display. I wasn't sure if I could seat myself, but I was greeted and seated. There were two other tables filled with about 8 people eating including myself. What concerned me is that 2 of the other folks were the only other Filipinos - as I tend to judge all ethnic restaurants by the number of people of the same ethnicity.  But that logic doesn't seem to work here were the demographics of Filipinos seems relatively low.  I was craving Sisig (grilled pork - which is my favorite at Ongpin in South San Francisco) - but they didn't have that. On the whiteboard, they had Sinigang na Baboy (pork) - so I figured I couldn't go wrong with one of my favorites.  Since I was here on business, I figured I'll order a few other things including the shanghai lumpia (eggrolls), Halo Halo, and topped it off with Hot Pandesal.  The Sinigang was served in a bowl with 3 pieces of boneless pork. The meat was very tender and you can pull it apart with a spoon and fork. The soup was a little on the salty side since they may have put a little more tamarind mix, but that I might just be a little oversensitive about my sodium intake.  I couldn't help but think that I was eating at home or a family friend's house. Included in the sinigang was spinach, string beans, eggplant, a small potato, and cut onions. What was missing was dikons (those white radish things). It wasn't bad, and it wasn't exceptionally delicious because nothing compares to home made sinigang. But this would be the next best thing. I ate all the meat, and had quite a few eggplants left.  The shanghai lumpia came out shortly afterwards. The portion was pretty large and I could have shared it with someone else. I didn't care for sauce that it came with. I wanted vinigar, but a filipino family came in and there was only one server.  If you ever had Halo Halo at Ongpin, you'd find this lacking. It is served it a large plastic cup. What was missing is the ube ice cream. In fact, there was hardly any ube in it. There was a spoonfull of the leche flan, but I didn't finish it.  I actually ordered the Pandesal later, this version was like two very large dinner rolls served with butter. The bread had a fresh out of the oven taste.  The restaurant section was clean, with standard fare dining. There was a large flatscreen tv with TFC playing.  Last week, when I ate there, they were just written about in the local paper, but I didn't get to read the review.  They accept Master Card and Visa, but not American express.  I would eat here again to try some of their other dishes not because I want to support my fellow Filipinos, but because the food is actually worth having again. I took some photos of each dish with my iPhone, so I'll have to figure out how to upload them.  This is actually my first review because I was hoping to read more about Philippine restaurants in the area, I only saw this one. So I figured, I should also contribute!
This is my second time at Casa Filipina. I was hoping that this would merit a 4, maybe even 5 star review, but alas, I was disappointed and even embarrassed that I suggested this place to a fellow yelper.   I raved to Jetta R., "Oh this place is so cute! The food is amazing and the service was great! We should totally hit this place up for lunch."   We walk in the door and were treated like I was on my first visit. Seated, given menus and place mats; water and silverware were promptly produced.   We even had some of the curious dishes explained to us.   Just a note, the food was really good, the first (and second) time I ordered the Bistek Tagalog. This time I felt it was lacking juiciness and the meat was difficult to cut with a fork (but the first time I ordered this dish it was so succulent it melted in my mouth.)   One plus I didn't receive last time was the offer for a second helping of rice.   I asked for soy sauce and the waiter said he'd be right back, he disappeared and then started talking with another customer for 20 minutes.   Then Jetta and I decided to order dessert, it is a bakeshop after all!  I ordered the Creme Brule, but when they came to clean the table off I wanted to save my spoon. The gentleman (whom I think to be the owner) said that he would bring me a clean one. Jetta, being the lady she is decided to wait until my spoon arrived. After 10 minutes of waiting I told her to dig in, finally while taking food to another table, the owner apologized for forgetting about my spoon.   Usually I am one for forgiveness, but not when there are only four customers in your restaurant and Jetta and I are two of them.   I can't believe how I went from super impressed to completely devastated. I want to try you again CFB, but I just don't know.
My husband and I went here a few weeks ago because I didn't want to cook. The food was mediocre. The meat was tender; however, when it comes to taste...it just didn't remind me of the traditional home cooking. They're food had a twist to its flavor.  The bakery section was a bit overpriced (but not too expensive)...but I guess that how it is when there isn't much Filipino food available around Phoenix.
Great food, great atmosphere, and awesome top 40 live band!!! A must for those who crave Filipino food!
Anytime I each Filipino food outside of my own or family's own kitchen, I'm always nervous about what surprise im in for. In this case, it was a good treat. Being in an area away from home, I wanted something close to home cooking. The food was good (not the best, but not horrible).   I would come here again
*This review is for the Bakeshop.*  Was in town, visiting my man for the weekend, and he was seriously craving Filipino food. Yelped it, and saw that there was Casa Filipina and Halo-Halo Kitchen. Because he wanted breakfast, we hit Halo-Halo Kitchen first...   ...And to rectify our experience at Halo-Halo, we came to Casa Filipina after.  We were greeted warmly by both employee and by, I think, one of the owners. We were going to pick up pastries to nosh on as we continued on our day's adventure. We picked up - cheese rolls, ube cheese rolls, ensaymadas and a halo-halo. Here's the breakdown: - Cheese rolls: SWEET HEAVENLY JESUS. These were insane!!! So good! Cannot describe in so many words how wonderful these were. Super fresh, sweet cheese filling from end to end, and considerably larger than Goldilocks'. You can instantly tell the difference on how fresh baked these were. We purchased 1/2 dozen to share with his roommates, and yeah, they never saw them... -Ube cheese rolls: Really good. Had a great ratio of ube to cheese, and really really tasty. -Halo-halo: Really, yum... just wish it had more ingredients. But that's just me. It was a lot of ice, and maybe a little less than 1/4 of cup of the mix -Ensaymada: Little disappointed in this one. I think I'm more used to it be a brioche type pastry with sugar, cheese and butter. This one was more of a heavier roll, and seemed a little stale. I warmed it up in the microwave to soften the bread and melt the cheese, but still tasted not-so-fresh.  We learned that they served breakast, and make their longanisa in house from the owner, and after those cheese rolls, we'll definitely be back!
I hate having to give out three star reviews. For me, 1-star isn't the worst possible rating you can an establishment, a 3 is. Because 3 stars means it invoked no reaction to you, neither joy or disgust, no pleasure or pain.   I'd rather eat at a really shitty place that I'll remember than a so-so eatery that I'll forget the moment I get back into my truck.  If I want mediocre "take it or leave it" food I'll just cook for myself, kthxbye.  As BFeF's (Best Frienemies Forever), Clarice W and I frequently have lunch together in the Peoria area. The decision on what to eat is usually made using the following criteria: Where haven't we been that we can yelp about?  Our last lunch involved us going to Hope Kee and getting all wrapped up in their cutesy snack section and coming in late to work. So we needed somewhere relatively closer with no Hello Kitty gummi lips to distract us from our voyage back.  Clarice suggested Casa Filipina, a Filipino place by the Lenny's Burger somewhere near but not necessarily 35th Avenue.  We were welcomed in by the staff and taken immediately to a nice cozy table by the window. We were given our menus by the excited and talkative waiter I would come later to know as "that fucking guy".   At first I was a little troubled reading the menu. I was once in a relationship with a Filipino girl that was so tumultuous and unloving that when I seriously thought of breaking up with her that my first thought "but  man, I love her mother's cooking...".   But aside from the adobo and lumpia, I saw nothing else on the menu that I could recall from all those awkward awkward family dinners.  I can't tell if this means there's more to the cuisine than I'm aware of or that said ex's mother was, as well as a good cook, a fucking liar.   Either way, I'm glad I left her in the end anyway.  I ordered the Dinguan, which translates as "chocolate pork".  Don't be fooled by the name, all you saucy foodies out there thinking of that Iron Chef America where they made savory dishes with chocolate.  Chocolate pork is actually pork cooked in pig's blood.   I'll repeat that.  It's pig's blood. It's called "chocolate pork" because the blood takes on a brownish-black hue after it's been cooked.  After hearing this from that fucking guy, Clarice changed her original order (we even order the same thing! aren't we just the cutest!) to the Bistek Tagalog, which she was familiar with and knew she would like.  All the entries come with at CFB is a side of ride. I'm not sure if it's jasmine, white, or saffron, because I always opt for noodles when given the option.   And if you get that fucking guy, that rice doesn't even come with soy sauce. After serving us, he disappeared into the bakery, talking it up with some of the other customers. Clarice didn't get her soy sauce until after we had finished our entrees and were on our second helping of rice.   Thankfully my chocolate pork came with a lot of sauce and I was able to dribble it on my rice.   That's right, muchachos. We trannies prefer blood on our rice. You think about that the next time you try to tell us what bathrooms we can use, amigo.  I couldn't taste the pork. All I tasted was the blood. They could've just dumped a quart of blood on my rice and called it a day. The texture was nice though.  Clarice wasn't as fortunate with her dish. While I've tried to stay away from beef (it's enough of a commitment to keep my vegetarian brother off my back but not interfere with my eating habits), I had some of the Bistek, and it was passable. It reminded me of beef jerky, with its dry spicy roughness. Good, but not sure if that's how it's meant to taste.  Moral of the story: Clarice's entree did NOT make its own gravy, which made eating her rice a little inconvenient.   And seriously, JUST rice (really good rice, but seriously, how hard is it to make good rice)? Even my neighborhood so-poor-it-steals-its-recipes-from-other-restaurants Chinese place gives you an eggroll or wonton with your meal.   As the place is so fucking proud of its desserts, we ordered some. Clarice got the Creme Brulee and I got the mango tart. That fucking guy was in the middle of bringing Clarice her spoon when he caught the attention of another customer, so we sat for a good few minutes waiting to dig in. In the meantime, I managed to come up with a name for the color of the filling in my tart : burnt earwax.   My tart was about as tasty and edible as that term would imply.  Clarice's creme brulee was good, albeit a little cold by the time that fucking guy came with her spoon.  On our way out I learned that the bill had to be over 10 dollars before they would accept debit.  After I imagined beating every one of the staff near to death with a rolling pin, I got an eclair to go.  What I got was a bunch of whipped cream between two pieces of rock-hard pastry that you'd get at Fry's. Essentially, a diabetes sandwich.  Casa Filipina isn't good. But it's not bad.  That's the proble
I always like to venture out and find different styles of food from different ethnic backgrounds. I just moved into the area and thought I would check this place out. I have to say that I enjoyed my visit here. The food was very good and although I can't compare with a home cooked version of the food I did enjoy what I ate and its also a bake shop, which allowed me to try the ube cake, which its now my favorite cake. I have been back there several times and bring guest when they come to town to visit and they enjoy the food as well. I look forward to visit this restaurant/ bake shop again
the food is kind of pricy for what its worth
Started a yelp account just to complain about this place...Bought my grandma an order of kare kare and I was so disappointed...   since it was  a to-go order they asked me what size i wanted and i told them the medium size cup. it was $8 but since I figured the container was pretty big, it would be worth it. When we got our food, it was in a different container and we didn't open it til we got home. There were 2 small pieces of meat with a little bit of sauce. This measly portion could have fit in the small to-go container that was $3 cheaper.   We called the restaurant to complain about the small serving size we got and the lady on the phone ask two asked us things that turned me from irritated and a little upset to angry and outraged. First she asked it we were regulars then if I was Filipino.  Hmmm..I didn't know that their level of customer service was based on restaurant loyalty and nationality.  So what if I'm not a regular customer or Filipino? doesnt that mean they can give me smaller portions for the same price? I'll never eat at this place again!!
Hands down the best Filipino restaurant in Phoenix, probably in Arizona. The staff went above & beyond catering to my mom and aunt (who's natives of Sebu) ensuring they feel right at home. Food was authentic and the atmosphere is inviting. Tess is the greatest Filipino pastry chef (even though she didn't have any Pandesol) ! Live music with singing and dancing ensures you'll definitely come back.
I have been wanting to try this place out for a few months now, so finally last Friday my mom & I decided to come here for lunch.   When you walk in your eyes are immediately drawn to all the goodies in the bakery case. But we were here for lunch so we brought our attention back to that. We were seated in the dining room that was pretty empty, there were only 3 other parties. After scanning the menu we ordered the following to share: lumpia (crunchy pork eggrolls), pancit (rice noodles w/veggies & chicken that came w/puto-a sweet rice bread) & ginatang sitao kalabasa (string beans, squash & shrimp sauteed in coconut milk w/rice). The lumpia was amazing, so yummy! The pancit was delicious as well, great flavor. The veggie dish was my least favorite, however my mom loved it. Oh I also did not care for the puto.   After we finished lunch we looked at all the treats again & decided to order some to go. I can't recall what my mom got but I got the following: cannoli, flan, cheese roll & siopao (steamed bbq bun). The cannoli was for my hubby & he enjoyed it. The flan was yummy but had a much thicker consistency than I am used to. I did not care for the cheese roll at all, I think if the cream cheese had some sugar added to it it would be much better. I had the siopao for lunch today & it was pretty good.   After chatting with the owners (very sweet, husband & wife) we found out they offer line dancing every Saturday for $8. My mom loves to dance & is going to check it out this Saturday with a couple girlfriends. If she has fun I might even join her next time!
I went to Casa Filipina Bakeshop & Restaurant. I am no expert on Filipino food. I have only been to one in CA twice. I  want to find a place in Phoenix. Surprise there is one 7 miles from where I live.  They are located in a strip mall. You may miss them unless you was looking. Very simple lay out. Has a home feeling. Nothing fancy. Clean. As you enter you pass a glass case with very good looking pastries. An extremely nice young man showed me to a table. It was about 4:30pm so I was the only person in the restaurant. He asked if I had eaten Filipino food before. I told him only twice before and I would need help. He suggested the beef steak. Prepared in a sauce with onion and potatoes. No processed taste, genuine home cooked meal.  Very taste. There was a salad of fine noodles. I did enjoy everything I had a dessert of Ube and a cup of coffee. When i left everyone invited me back. It was only about 5:15pm by now and they were setting up for a band that plays there on Fridays. I have been to a lot of places to eat. The people here made me feel at home and welcome. I am going back. Probably tomorrow for lunch or dinner. I gave them 4 stars. I will probably change this to a 5 next review.
The fiance and I were on a mission to surround ourselves with some comforts from home since we were unable to be home with our families in Cali on Easter. We decided to find a Filipino restaurant and see if it could compare to our mom's famous cooking (nothing ever does though, right?)  We had the choice between Casa Filipina and Halo Halo Kitchen which are only a few blocks apart. For no known reason we decided to go with CF if only for the fact that it was closest to us at the time. This is not in our home area so it's unfamiliar territory for us but we ventured on until we found it in a run of the mill shopping plaza with a Big Lots (a nice bonus since it was actually open on Easter so we got to do some after lunch browsing).  We didn't know what to expect from CF but we know we weren't disappointed. The small bakery opens up into a pretty good sized restaurant with a good amount of tables. There were several other parties there including what looked like an after church Easter family gathering of about 12. Good sign #1.  We were greeted warmly and seated right away. We were surprised at the menu choices and excited about the options they had. Of course, there are some Filipino dishes we wished they had but hey, you can't have everything. What they did have was pretty darn good.  We ordered the sisig [see-sig] (sauteed bits of pork with onions) and the pancit malabon [pon-sit muh-law-bone] (noodles with sauce, hard boiled eggs, shrimp and cruched chicharon, or pork rind chips, on top). I also got sago to drink (sweet syrupy drink with tapoica pearls and sweet rice jelly) b/c it made me think fondly of family parties when my dad would always make a punch bowl of the stuff.   The food was flavorful and offered good portion sizes. It came with a hefty scoop of white rice, naturally. The entrees also come with a piece of sweet rice bread called puto - i know, i know, not the best name for those of you who speak Spanish but that's what it's called, really! Random factoid: I learned this little double meaning when I got in trouble in 3rd grade for bringing puto to my class for the multicultural pot luck. Much explaining was done at that time too so I figured I'd include it here. Just an FYI.  One thing to note is that the food will take a little while to come out so be prepared. The server warned us in advance and was very apologetic about the wait but I have to say this....every Filipino restaurant I have been to that has heat lamps and premade food has been wrong on so many levels. Legit Filipino food is not quick to make and not good when you make it in large batches and just have it sit there waiting for someone to order it. So, just be patient and know that it's worth the wait.   Since we are constantly trying new places we will surely be trying other Filipino joints in the area but we will also be going back to CF for some good food to make us feel at home.
Really amazing traditional Filipino food. I give it 4 stars for being a hidden gem with dynamic range of taste and family friendliness. Coming back!  Apparently there is live music Friday nights and Sunday afternoons.
Talking about authentic filipino food! Coming from SoCal where there is a filipino restaurant in every "kanto"/corner, their food is really good. We had the sinigang na baboy, bistek tagalog, binagoongan and pinakbet, for desert we ordered the halo-halo and chocolate cake. They are delicious and the kids loved the halo-halo. Couldn't help eating too much rice with all those food. While eating we were entertained by a live band and you could even jam with the band and sing to your hearts content. The owners Tony and Tess are doing a great job catering to the filipinos there in Arizona. Too bad I missed the line dancing, that would have been fun! Oh, did I mention that they have a good selection of filipino pastries and bread? Wish I could come back there soon and try their ube cheese cake, it looks yummy!
Best Filipino food I've had outside of the Philippines--better than some IN the Philippines, for that matter. The Denuguan is monster delicious. I've literally been going there every few days since I got to Phoenix.
Heard about this restaurant from a friend and I was amaze by the food and their friendly service. I tried the chicken adobo and it was amazing! The chicken came apart with no effort and it had a great honey glazed taste. The portions were a good amount for their low prices. I couldn't  get enough of their amazing dessert!
Yummy! If you like filipino food this place is like eating in your aunties kitchen....down to the plates and silverware.  Kawali is yummy, kare kare is awesome.....shanghai lumpia is a thumbs up!!! The bakery is a visual stimulation! If you're feeling like home cooked food but don't want to slave in the kitchen.....definitely worth the stop......
I've eaten at many Filipino restaurants (my wife is Ilocano) but few have the combination of service and food this place does. It is small and homey like most of it's kind. But the staff made it feel like home. The owner greeted us, we were immediately seated. The menu wasn't exceptional (short, with standard selections) but food was delivered quickly. The bistek and adobo were excellent, served with rice and pancit. We were offered free desert if I joined in with the karaoke, but I did the other guests a favor and declined. The bakery was filled with interesting variations on Filipino favorites. I wanted to take the whole counter home. Wished I live closer, I would be a frequent customer. Highly recommended for aficionados of the casual Pinoy dining experience.
I had high hopes for this place after seeing its YELP ratings.  Being married to a Filipina we are always watching for good Filipino restaurants.  After visiting here we're still looking for one.  But their bakery is awesome!  So this review is mixed.  Pancit and rice came standard with the entree. Portions are filipino size (that is, similar to restaurants in the Philippines - a bit small), but not outrageous.  The food was very average.  The caldereta tasted like American beef stew, and it shouldn't have.  It wasn't bad, but if you know caldereta you know this was much too bland.  The sinigang was OK, as was the fresh lumpia (sariwa), and pinakbet.  Nothing special, though.  The staff made up for it a bit, being very nice and friendly.  The sago gulaman also was good.  So the restaurant is 2 stars.  Better than Jeepney Bistro, but that's not a very high bar to clear.  The bakery is a solid 4 stars.  They have cannoli (Italian), puto, leche flan, pan de sal, pan de leche, fruit tarts, mamon, bibinka, and more.  We tried their pan de sal and pan de leche, both were excellent.  Their "chocolate mousse tower" was fine.  The puto was very good.  We bought several more items that we haven't tried yet (like the ube cheese roll).  But so far the bakery items have NOT disappointed!!  I can't see driving all this way for their food (we live in Gilbert, this is almost in Glendale), but I can see doing it for the bakery.  As good or better than Golidlocks (the standard for most Filipino baked items).
Have been here 2 times now...   1st time, I ordered 2 Entrees i thought would be a great gauge to measure their authenticity and style..  Binagoongang - great , fresh,, a little too pungent for me to bring to work and eat in the office, but none the less deliciouso. Ate it in my car in the office parking lot..  Beef Kaldereta - also Great adn the  veggies fresh,, only down side was potatoes easily turned to mush when trying to fork them :P..  Only 3 miles from work will go here weekly..  Last trip Pork Menudo - Meat and flvors awesome,, this time the veggies seemed a little dehydrated, well the carrots.. but that didnt hinder from the dish being great.  Will be back.... Please oh Please add Pork Adobo to the menu or humba ?:P  See you next week at Casa Filipina !! Kain Tayo!
I love the food here. I was born and raised in Manila so I have been homesick for Pinoy food. Everything at this place is baked or cooked on premises from scratch. I had the lechon kawali and it was crispy good. I have tried the dinuguan ("pork chocolate stew") with rice and puto -- deelish! My American fiance loves the Pancit Bihon Guisado. We both love the macapuno tart and the special halo-halo. This is a rare sit-down Filipino restaurant with friendly servers. The rest room is clean, complete with amenities like hair spray. We are on our way there today for our nth visit and don't mind having to drive from North Scottsdale. We stop by Fry's Electronics while we're there as it is nearby and we kill 2 birds with one stone. Malinamnam!
Service is great, the food is just OK but the prices is steep for the portions. Good variety of filipino food. Plus is the bakeshop.
Almost as good as mom's cooking! Everything was delicious and I loved the little band that was playing while we ate. I would have probably given them 5 stars if they let me sing karaoke...
I've been to a few Filipino restaurants (in a variety of cities) and this by far is one of the best.  The establishment is very clean and the entire set-up (tables, chairs, etc.) allows for a comfortable eating experience. The food is served in reasonable proportions. I ate one of my favorite filipino dishes, Kare Kare, which was cooked to near perfection. I recommend this dish to anyone that eats over here. Our group also ordered Crispy pata, which offered the right texture and crunchiness that one expects from a dish. The service was also fantastic. I highly recommend this place!
I have to say that this Filipino restaurant caught me by surprise. It's one of the better ones that I have been to including the ones out here in Socal. The food just had the right taste, without the added greasiness or the added msg. Not only that, but they didn't skimp out on the meats. The meat was really meat not just innards. That made me happy. The only thing I found awkward was that the rice came portioned to each plate.. and if you wanted more, you had to ask. I don't know of any other restaurant that does that and if you are conscious about your carb intake this would be a good thing for you, but for someone like me, it felt awkward. Overall great restaurant and if I'm in Phoenix, i'll be by to have more tasty food! :) (We had the dinuguan, lechong kawali, kare kare, pancit malabon i think, sisig and crisp pata) yep and all of them good!
I had never tried Filipino food, but my friend recommended it, so I tagged along. Wow! This is amazing cuisine! The bakery items are delectable as well.  I tried the Pancit Melabon, which is a dish consisting of thick yellow egg noodles mixed with pork rinds (I had them hold the pork rinds, since I don't eat pork) and topped with shrimp and boiled eggs. It was served with puto, a delicious rice cake. The portion was huge and the flavors were wonderful. It was served with a plate of white rice and a generous portion of ramen-like noodles (I'm not sure what they are called). The price for this dish was only $7.99 and it was a huge portion.   My friends tried the binagoongang fish (milk fish) and barbequed pork and they both raved about their meals.  We were all tempted by the wonderful bakery display. I tried the butter pecan cookie, which is like a large Mexican wedding cookie (yum!) and my friends had the cannoli and the ube cheese roll, both of which were excellent. Next time I want to try the chocolate mousse tower, which looked rich and delicious.   The restaurant itself is nothing fancy. The food and the friendly service are the highlights, although I hear they have entertainment and karaoke on Friday nights.
Came here on a saturday night with a filipino friend.  The place has a small filipino bakery with decent varieties of goodies.  We ordered sisig, pork sinegang, dinuguan.  It was good! on saturday night, this place will have a line dance and on friday night, they will have a filipino live band music playing in the restaurant.  It was fun and definitely will go back!
It's tough to find good non cafeteria-style Filipino restaurants, and this one definitely impressed. Had to have Kare Kare (my all-time favorite dish) and Lechon Kawale. Very, very good. Had some halo halo, of course, and I gotta say the best part was the leche flan. Had to grab some cheese rolls to take home.   Service was friendly and we'll definitely return.
Brought my family here. I'm glad that the staff spoke Tagalog so that my mother could talk with them natively. We ordered a lot of food and it was very good and affordable. We'll be back!
3 stars for the two dishes I got. 1 extra star for great customer service.   I came in looking for comfort food from LA so thought I would try the easy go-tos.  I got the Pancit (not the Pancit Melabon) and lumpia.  Both were ok.  For the pancit, I don't need it drenched in sauce but this one was pretty plain like others said.  I should have tried the Pancit Melabon but I was craving the other pancit.  The lumpia were fresh and good but nothing out of the ordinary.  But if anything, the staff were great.  Very accommodating and nice.  Based on the reviews, I need to go back and try the Kare Kare, halo halo, and Pancit Melabon and a whole lot of other things that I didn't take the advice of other yelpers on.  Oh well, you learn.  But def. want to go back.   For those craving turon (banana egg rolls), they do make them sometimes but not every day.  Darn!
Reminds me of home made.
Situated at the corner of 35th Avenue and Thunderbird next to a pawn shop, this place is definitely a hole in the wall kind of place. The owner of this restaurant was orignally a renowned pastry chef, and now she has come into her own and expanded into a full blown restaurant and pastry shop. Her family is so friendly every time I visit and you can tell she loves to watch people enjoy her homecooked style Filipino foods.  Desserts:      Halo Halo (mix-mix) dessert is amazing here! The flan is so perfect within this dessert too!      Ube Cheese Rolls - These are made with Ube (a purplish taro plant type) mixed with a cream cheese type filling. Oh my frickin' gosh, I love this to pieces! The thin flakiness of the dough blends perfectly with the cheese and ube filling!  Entrees:     Adobo chicken - order a large size of this and you won't be disappointed - even those afraid to try new flavors. This will be a favorite.    Calderetta - she usually cooks this dish with beef and potatoes - almost like a slow cooked stew that can be poured over white rice    Pancit Bihon - My favoirte type of pancit. It's the thin noodle style with veggies and usually a meat like chicken or pork or both    Pancit Malabon - My dad's favorite type. It has thicker noodles and comes with mini shrimp and hard boiled eggs. My 2nd favorite type of pancit.    Kare Kare - Here it's made with beef or pork. My mom used to make this dish when I was growing up with Oxtail. It's a type of peanut butter stew with meat, eggplant and green beans. I know it sounds strange, but believe me, if you're on the adventurous side, you can learn to love this dish too.     Fried chicken - This is delicious fried chicken! I thought it'd be more similar to that type of fried chicken you get at Chinese restaurants that's cut up into small pieces and looks dark brown almost reddish, but it turns out this is good 'ol Alabama style fried chicken. I didn't expect to find this on the menu at all which was funny, but I think it'd taste awesome for breakfast with some waffles!  That about sums up my favorites at this place! And believe it or not, they actually have online ordering, so you don't have to worry about pronouncing anything over the phone if you're ordering to-go orders! Better yet, sit down and eat food while ordering food to go!
We enjoyed several plates here.  By far my favorite was the pork belly of course.  I love bacon so pork belly is a must.  The pork belly came out cut up in perfect two bite morsels for me.  A nice crunchy top with a soft underside is a great mix of meat goodness.  The sauce is on the sweet side, but not so much that it takes away flavor.  Plus it is a great sweet sauce for the meat. We also had the Pan cit Malabon, which has a spaghetti type noodle that is cut up.  I mean the texture and thickness reminded me of a spaghetti noodle.  The shrimp was only ok, as noted by a dinner guest on mine.  I cannot comment as I am allergic to shellfish.  I did chance the noodles since the top is sprinkled with pork rinds.  Interesting, but not my first pick next visit. The fired chicken was good, very crispy, but for the $7.99 price 2 pieces of chicken was not what I expected.  With everything else on the larger side I found this to be lacking in value for my dollar. We also sampled the flan dessert, which was creamy and sweet.  Nice mix and most likely I would try again.  I also tried the Halo-halo which my first experience.  Nice dessert that I would go for again.  A mix of sweet, ice and a small slice of flan on top.  All enjoyed in a plastic cup for you to enjoy for at least a half an hour of mixing ice with the sweet bottom mix.    If you are in the area and craving a great Filipino food experience stop here.  I will try some other dishes next time I am in the area.
Got the dinuguan (pork blood stew) for my director for his birthday bc he was craving good Filipino food from home. Even though he didn't get it till the next day, he scarfed it up and loved it. Figure that's a good sign.
I was really hoping to love this place, but I thought it was only okay.  We moved to AZ from Northern CA where we exposed to plenty of Filipino cuisine. I was looking forward to home cooking like what my husbands frat brothers and sorority sisters used to share, but it's not really what I got.   We ordered the fried chicken, which was regular fried chicken.  It was only two or three pieces.  They were fine.  We also oredered the pancit with the big noodles and shrimp on the top.  The shrimp had a weird taste.  I didn't love the noodles either.  I enjoyed the pork belly.  It was crispy and came with a nice gravy.  I would order it again.  My son ordered the flan and really liked it.
This is the only Philippine's Restaurant in Phoenix that you can find the best Chicken Adobo, Lumpia Shanghai, Bihon and Halo2 dessert. Very nice service and friendly restaurant owner, Tony. They have tons of fresh bakery too... yum! and yum! I wish my mom has bakery store like them.
Cool live music at the restaurant that was quite good. The menu is very old and needs to be updated to describe true prices of desserts and the real timing of karaoke night (Saturday). Good dinner food. Pancit and puto were my favorite. The mousse tower was really good, the ube torte was blah but the cannoli is where everything went downhill. It was absolutely disgusting, possibly overstaying it's welcome, sour, and the worst cannoli I have ever tried.
Good service, Decent food, Delicious Deserts! Would definitely recommend the Tiramisu or Lechon!
Ube everything!! And for those of you who don't like or don't know what ube is, everything else is fresh and delicious.
This place is great giving you real comfort food from the islands; I come here at least once a month! Oh, and don't forget about the pastries because they have an amazing bakery...try the mango cake, you'll die and go to heaven ! ;-)
Freaking adorable place!!!  I am always interested in trying new things and food from the Philippines was no exception. A friend and I stopped by to check out their baked goods and were greeted by a super friendly gentleman at the counter. I ordered a coconut torte, a slice of purple cake for my son, a regular cheese roll and 2 Purple yam cheese rolls. My 4-yr old couldn't contain himself and wanted to gobble up his cake on the spot. We sat down and i tried my torte. Super hard, but it had a good flavor. Wouldn't buy again. My friend had my try her cheese roll and it was amazing!!! Perfect amount of sweetness. We decided to try some food while there. We all shared a plate of pacit and lumpia and were very happy with our selections. The woman who attended us was very sweet and friendly. Later in the day I tried my purple yam roll. Flaky and sweet with a slight hint of taste of cream cheese. I can only imagine how yummy they taste a few min after coming out of the oven... Will def come back to try the shrimp lumpia and chicken adobo in the future as well as get my fix of purple yam cheese rolls!
This is the best food in town !!! Everything is perfect prices and quality of the. Food and the pastries to die for it , the owners go out there way to make feel home I if you really want some fresh food this is the place to go.... Amazing
Yummy yummy in my Filipino tummy!  I was so stoked to find this little gem close to ASU West. I've been deprived of great Filipino food since moving to AZ but this place felt like home.  I walked in before class to grab a quick snack. I ordered two siopao (pork buns) and a mango juice. The service was really quick. And I got everything within minutes. The siopao came with a bit of the pork gravy to dip it in. Oh man, it was drippy, sticky and oh so good. It made me miss my mommy's cooking. The mango juice was refreshing and went well with my meal.  I almost can't wait to go back to school on Monday so I can make another pit stop there.
Tony and Tess,                                                                                                                    Thank you so much for being able to accommodate our requests for the amount of food that we ordered for our recent holiday party!  Great food and deserts.                   My favorites dinner choices are the beef steak, panzit, and of course the appetizing egg rolls!  For desert, I always choose the panocha!                                                       We were truly impressed that you were able to pull this off  with what  I would consider "short notice"                                                                                                                                    . I  happily and proudly recommend Casa Filipina for as much as a simple desert, to an evening dinner, or for an elaborate holiday party! You won't be disappointed. Thank you again Tony and Tess, and to your staff.                                                    Sincerely, Paul Tillwach
I like Filipino food. This place has a great selection of meals, snacks, and desserts. Yummy stuff.
So, after reading all the great reviews about this place I was really excited to check it out. In the interest of full disclosure, I am a Filipino who grew up in the Philippines and migrated to this great country when I was 24. I love Filipino food and would go out of my way to get some. With that out of the way, I was really disappointed with this restaurant. I was hoping to love it and find a regular place to eat at. My family and I checked it out over the weekend in search of a Pinoy place to order our Christmas eve meal from. Sad to say, this did not fit the bill. We ordered the pancit malabon, pork barbecue skewers, and an array of desserts. None of them were up to par.
I was craving some Filipino food without having to make it myself. I assumed that there wouldn't be many Filipino places near me; but a two-second search through Yelp proved me wrong.   I ordered a variety of stuff to get a general feel of what this place has to offer (no, I didn't eat it all---I have lots of leftovers to enjoy later). I ordered the chicken adobo, pancit palabok, and 3 types rolls--guava with cheese, ube, and plain cheese fillings.  I agree that the food has a home-cooked feel, so do not expect some fancy or gastro-pub meal. The adobo tasted great, just like how my mom makes it. There were sides of pancit and rice; both tasted fresh. I wasn't particularly fond of the pancit palabok; there was too much egg in it, but I'm real picky when it comes to preparing the dish.  I ate a third of the roll with the guava and cheese filling. It was delicious! There is a sweet cheese and guava jelly that melts together well with the flaky crust. I imagine if I had this when it was freshly baked or even heated up, I would have enjoyed it more. I have yet to try the other two, but I think I will like them too.   The two people who took my order and packaged everything up were really nice. Then there was the one remark 99.9% Filipinos say to me, "But you're so tall!" One of them told me to come to karaoke on Fridays to make friends; haha, cute. The restaurant looks like a Filipino home that happens to have a couple of bakery displays. So again, nothing fancy but I'm OK with that.
Update, not one piece of the pastry went to waste.  Real mango in the cake.  One complaint from me....... they did not leave me any of the treats that had ube in it... sigh.  LOL
This is a nice small place, very friendly staff. The food here is pretty good, I got some sisig. The last time I had sisig i was actually in the philippines, so I feel me comparing the two would be unfair.  :)  Be prepared for some karaoke if you go.
Just had lunch @ https://www.facebook.com/casafilipinaphoenix with chef Toni, yummmmmmy and great company, him and the wife are doing a great Job to take care of the people ,not only serve them. I got some Lumpias((better then spring rolls) to cook it myself at home for my family ,yes they sell it to as take out,now gone have to make the sauce to go wit it
FANTASTIC FOOD & PASTRIES First off I want to say that I am not Filipino but my wife and her children are and they just loved the food and atmosphere at this tiny local restaurant/bakery shop.  I have been searching for some time now, trying to find a Filipino Restaurant that my wife would approve of.  When we were last in Las Vegas, she wanted us to go back to Pinoy Pinay which she stated was her favorite place to eat Filipino foods in the US.  Glory be!!!!  Now I do not have to take her all the way to Las Vegas for her native dishes anymore.  We made a trip into Phoenix to try this small Filipino restaurant/bakery that I came across on the internet.  The reason for the trip was that it was her son's birthday and I thought that it would be a treat to get out and about.... we live in Casa Grande.  (I actually wanted a Mango Cake for his birthday and the internet stated that they had them here.)  Immediately, my wife and kids felt at home. (Her children just arrived from the Philippines in July of 2013.)  Looking at all of the beautiful pastries in their showcase was just too much for this guy to contain.  We sat down and I had the kids order what ever they wanted to eat.  While waiting for the dishes, I decided that maybe we should try the different tarts in the showcase.  I ordered one of each for them to try and we loved them all.  After a very filling lunch, the Mango Cake I had requested with a birthday greeting on it was served at the table and the staff sung him "Happy Birthday" which was totally out of surprise.  But we were too full to eat any part of the cake so we boxed it up to take home.  But we could not leave without those yummy tarts, so I ordered 3 of each to take home with us.  Our son had a piece a bit later and he stated that it tasted like a "piece of Heaven", and that is coming out of a 19 year old teenager.  Imagine that!  All in all, the 1 hour trip to Phoenix for this wonderful and tasty meal was well worth the time and effort and we will be looking forward to visiting this small piece of the Philippines in the near future.  Casa Filipino Bakeshop & Restaurant, thank you for the wonderful food, service and atmosphere.  And even though I am not a Filipino, I will not hesitate in bring my family back to your restaurant to enjoy all the "wonders" that you serve.  (In fact, my daughter's birthday is coming up in March and she has already requested a return visit to your restaurant.  Maybe even on a night when you have live entertainment.)  Thank you again for your kindness and consideration while we were with you.  Signed - Former Pinoy Pinay Customers
I've been going to Casa Filipina for about four years and have always been pleased with the food. I've tried a variety of dishes like the Crispy Pata, Adobo, Caldereta, Menudo, Pancit, Chicken Inasal, etc.  They have Karaoke on Friday nights and a small three piece band plays on the weekend. They tried to get me to sing Karaoke but it takes more than a couple of bottles of liquid courage to get me singing.  My favorite dish is the Menudo. This is made with pork, carrots and potatoes served in a sauce. This dish has a similar look to the American Beef Stew dish. In addition, they serve this meal with rice and Pancit Bihon. The best way to eat this dish is to dump the menudo on top of the rice. I always say "Masarap, Busog na ako" after eating this meal. Did I mentioned that they give you plenty of food? They give you more rice if you run out of it, but I have never had that problem.  They also run a bakeshop that has all of the traditional Filipino sweets. My asawa especially enjoys the Halo Halo. And she always loads up on the sweets to take home for future consumption.  The Husband and wife team that own Casa Filipina do a great job and keep the prices fair. So check out Casa Filipina, you're taste buds will thank you.
The food and bake goods are just ok.  Enjoyed the music though.
Just had dinner and enjoyed it AGAIN! The Chicken Insasal is perfect! I had it last time and my love for cooking, I tried to make it at home. Not as good as Casa Filipina. We had Chicken Adobo this time and it is just like Mom and Dad makes at home in Southern California. But the desserts is what we go there for. The Tiramisu is awesome and I tried the Ube Mousse, which as really good. But the Halo Halo is the BEST.
Here's what I ordered:  1) Kare Kare Plate + flavor was good + portions were a good size - pork meat was used rather than ox tail (kare kare is made with ox tail and not pork) +/- the plate came with pancit (I may be filipino but I don't like pancit period)  2) Dinuguan - it was a bit salty + good but just a lit to salty  3) Halo - Halo - no Ube ice cream (it's not the same without Ube ice cream) - more shaved ice than the toppings (I had to dig deep in order to get to the stuff on the bottom  The employees are very friendly and helpful. Customer service is top notch.  The baked good look so delicious--I wanted to purchase all of them. NOTE: they bake all their goods in the restaurant and DONT have it delivered like other filipino restaurants.  I'll give this restaurant 4 stars.
Mmmmmmm!  Had the Bistek and it was very good, had a deep gamey flavor and I loved it. The rice was cooked perfectly.  The Lumpia were excellent and came out insanely hot. The chicken Adobo was really tender and flavorful.  The young man who waited on us was excellent. He was incredibly polite and attentive. I'll definitely return whenever I'm anywhere near this place. Ask your server for the banana ketchup.
Food and service were great. Had some Pancit and Lumpia and finished with a creme brulee. People were very friendly and maybe the owners. Will definitely go back. Nice selection of deserts both Filipino and European.  Only thing I couldn't figure out was there was a sign for a $5.99 lunch combo on the window but the menu I was given mentioned nothing about lunch combo's. Would be interested to see what was offered and was going to ask about it but forgot to ask as I was leaving. I'll have to check it out next time.
Food: - Lumpia: 10 pieces of yummy Filipino pork eggrolls.   - Pancit Bihon: clear, thin noodles stir-fried with carrots, cabbage, and chicken topped with green onions. Tasted good but I wish there was more to it. It was basically all noodles with very little vegetables and chicken. More veggies would have been great. I didn't care for more chicken because it was dry. The dish came with a side of bread. It had the consistency of a moist cornbread.  - Chicken Adobo: 3 pieces of boned-in chicken with marinated with garlic, soy sauce, and vinegar. Served with white rice. The chicken was flavorful and tender.   Service: The waitress was friendly and polite. One of the ladies from the back, I'm not sure if she was the owner or the chef, came out to greet us and asked how our food was. She thanked us for coming and wished to see us back again. I thought that was really nice of her.    Final thoughts: Authentic Filipino food. I would love to come back and try their bakery.
Fellow Yelper Kurdy S and I were curious about this Pin@y bakery, so we met here for lunch during one weekend. Looking from right to left, the interior was divided into a bakery section followed by a sizable dining area. The vertical glass case carried an assortment of colorful Pin@y sweets, rolls, and desserts. Everything looked extremely tempting. The atmosphere was casual, down to earth, and unassuming.  The Chicken Adobo ($7.99) came with bone-in chicken, vinegar, soy sauce, and garlic. The chicken was tender and meaty, but the marinade could be deepened by the soy sauce and more striking with the mix of sharp flavors. For some reason, the expected flavors were flat and notes to plateau and climax were severely missing.  The Sisig ($7.99) encompassed diced pork and pork ears sautéed with garlic, onions, lemon juice, and fresh chopped jalapenos. Given all the sharp tasting ingredients, the flavors should have been far more robust, striking, and complicated. To the chef's credit, the positives were the food did not appear greasy; and the textures came out firm and not overcooked. The side of pancit was lacking flavor, and unfortunately, equally unimpressive. I've had all of these items homemade, so the experience was modest at best given this being one of the only two Pin@y bakeries in the area.  Ube Hopia ($4.99) was my least favorite item from the bakery. The exterior was noticeably staled without the fresh flaky textures. Although the purple ube filling was delicious, the air pocket inside was too big for me to recommend it. To this day, my favorite Pin@y bakery is still Valerio's.  Despite the limitations, the Sago't Gulaman ($2.50) was truly outstanding. It came in a big glass of tapioca, gelatin, and crushed ice. The drink was impressively refreshing to counteract against the hot summer weather. Of all the things I've tried so far, this is one item that I'd highly recommend.  Service was friendly and kind, but the food did take some time to arrive at our table. I still believe their food is a good gateway for those experiencing Pin@y cuisine for the first time. However, their targeted audiences could be much more inclusive of those who have already been introduced to the cuisine. I'd be interested in trying the other Filipin@ restaurant in the area before deciding whether to return.
Had a great Karaoke night at Casa Filipina!! Their bakery is to die for! The food is simply sensacional!! I would recommend this restaurant to anybody who likes trying great food from different parts of the world!  Mónica
Yummy filipino food and great service...  My family was treated like VIPs here because the cab driver who took us there told them we were with them.  The soup that comes along with our meal was really good.  I had the kare kare and it tasted just like the way my grandma makes it.  The turon (banana egg roll) was really good... it was crispy and not soggy.  We loved it so much that we went back 2 days later for breakfast.  The longsilog was okay.  The garlic rice was a little cold but the longonisa (filipino sausage) was yummy and not too greasy.  I would definitely go back again the next time we visit Sin City.  It's a nice change from eating on the strip.
I was introduced to this spacious and homey Filipino restaurant by my parents on our recent visit to Vegas.  This was by all means the best place on the Mainland for authentic, home-cooked Filipino food.  The cafeteria -style set up let's you choose from the wide variety of entrees.   We went twice because you can't beat the $3.99 2-item combo, served with a ton of steamed white rice (of course), and a cup of soup (more like a flavorful broth).  I tried adobo, pinakbet, fried pusit, kare kare, BBQ pork on a stick, sinigang, and a couple of fish dishes my mama ordered.  Oh, yeah....masarap!    The staff are wonderful, and with TFC on the tube, you'll feel like you're at your Auntie's house for lunch.
When I entered this place I was like OH MY!!! I didn't know what to pick. There was a huge selection of everything that I like. I felt like a little kid in a candy store on Christmas day. I was juz blown away from all these delicious looking food. But anyways I will definitely be coming back here the next time I go back to LV.
i love filipino food... however, i "love" it only when it comes to my family's cooking.  i'm biased, i know.  every time i eat dishes others have made, i have a tendency to compare it to my family's.  there are only a limited number of ones who come up to snuff.  anywho, this place has just been added to my list.  the food here tastes good.  i visited this restaurant both times i was in vegas.  first visit - we walked in and each were given a cup of hot soup.  there were so many choices of food and all looked so appetizing.  i decided on the bistek and bbq pork on a stick.  those entrees with the rice and a glass of mango juice certainly satisfied me.  i revisited the restaurant 3 days in a row during my second trip.  i'm giving it 5 stars for the consistency in the good quality food that they served.  i tried the dinuguan, which was alright, and the pork apritada, which i really really liked.  i was excited to find out that they have 2 other restaurants, both of which are located in socal.  hopefully the food at the other restaurants taste just as yummy.  if not, then i'm gonna have to plan another trip to vegas.  =)
Didn't go there for the hot food, just there for the chicken Chicharrón.  Instead of deep fried pork rinds, we deep fry chicken skin.  Everybody knows the best part of Popeye's chicken is the skins.  At this establishment, it's like having your cake and eating it too.  It's like a childhood dream of eating pizza with 5 layers of cheese, like Pork Fried Rice with MSG, like an Open bar, really, anything that would cause a life threatening illness if overindulged.  It's that exciting.  All the goodness of something really bad for you.  Well, the review isn't quite complete until I try the entree, but since I did eat their food, I'll give it 3 stars.  Great with rice and vinegar.
Love this place. Right when you come through the door youre greeted by the servers. The filipino ladies who work here are really nice & sweet. The bus boy is hella helpful & always ready to clean your table of finished plates and what not. The food is really good and tastes like homemade authentic filipino. solid.
Let's start off by mentioning why the minus 1 star.  People who are not Filipino will always be like "How the hell do you say the name of the store?", or "WTF?!"  Also this place is a bit more expensive then the competing Filipino restaurants around this area.  On to the good things, this is a great place to bring someone new to Filipino food. This place is the cleanest compared to the "other" Filipino restaurants neighboring the area. Also they really make the food very presentable. We do eat with our eyes first, and I will admit as a Filipino our dishes really don't LOOK that appetizing. It's like Indian food, they don't look appetizing a lot of times, but really is very good.  The staff is very friendly, but that is expected since it is staffed by Filipinos.   If you are craving Filipino food check this place out.
Decided to give this place a  try after a disappointing lunch at the bibingkahan place. This place definitely outshines the other in a lot of ways. The food tastes way much better. SEasoned right !!! SErvice is friendly and people who works there are nice. Would make this place my go to for Filipino dishes. They also got some Filipino snacks for sale.
I would say 3.75 stars. I frequent this place for my "to go" lunch plates. They give you a lot of food. The menu is different every day but there are items that you can count on to be in their daily offering. One particular dish that I particularly like is the fried breaded shrimp. They call it camaron rebosado, it is often offered as part of their menu during weekends but you can special order this entree. This is not your typical breaded shrimp with bread crumbs. It is has a fluffier type of breading. It is very good, texture and taste wise. It is accompanied with sweet and sour sauce (Filipino style) and it is best eaten with rice.
I''ve been to the ones in Cali, hoping that this was just as friendly and satisfying.   Definitely out of two times eating there and a few other cafeteria spots, this is probably the better of what I've tried in the area. I haven't tried any sit down filipino spots, but I think that should deserve a separate category.  Food is nicely seasoned and not too greasy or skimpy on the meats and didnt have a gross amount of meat to fat ratio (this coming from someone who LOVES fat...sometimes its just too much at some joints) . The people who work here are very friendly too.   This though is great because many of these dishes take so long and I normally dont want to cook it.  I particularly don't live "very filipino"- I dont have TFC at home, or cook/eat out filipino often or have much flip friends to talk Tagalog with. It's just kinda nice sometimes to be with my people and eat a variety of things from my heritage and watch Woowoowee on the TV. Of course I miss my moms cooking (she is the best cook out of her 13 siblings clan), but going to someplace to eat dishes kinda gives a little bit of that home comfort.  It's small things, but means something....I don't ever want to lose that part of myself that is Filipino.
We had lunch here with a party of 16 flips.....:-). They really took care of us with great food and service!!!! If you love flip food this is the place to go in Vegas.
HUGE selection of food (two counters of food so at least 20-30 different items) and friendly staff.   My girlfriend and I came in and only i was ordering food, but she gave both of us a cup of soup. I ordered the Chicken Afritada and Laing. She piled on way more food that would be expected from an average two item plate. The entire meal was about $6 and its around $7 for a 3 item plate. Both were perfectly seasoned and the chicken was juicy and tender.   The place is CLEAN and brightly colored.   I know that anytime i have a craving I will come back here.
"Wait, you came all the way to Las Vegas to eat Filipino food?!?" - friend  Despite all the buffets and cheap eats, I guess my family needed to find some home food.  This place is great!  A little over priced (about the price you pay at Goldilocks) but it's worth it.  A 3-entree rice plate set me back around $7 and for my first and only visit here, I had the Chicken BBQ, Chicken Adobo, and Chicken Afretada.  Normally when I eat another Filipino's cooking, I think to myself "wow this is inferior to my mom's cooking" but quite honestly, this place measures up!  One of the workers there even offered to give us more rice and sinigang broth while we were eating, which was really nice of them.  I'll be coming back here with my family on our next visit to Vegas, whenever that may be of course, LOL.
This was my first time trying Filipino food. It was delicious! We tried chicken with coconut curry, chicken Kari Kari, chicharron, fried whole tilapia, Adobo pusit, and a banana fried. I wouldn't order the fish again but the rest was great. All that with two soups and rice and 2 drinks cost $21!!
this place reminded me of the old carinderia's in the Philippines. they style of it is "turo-turo" same style as if you went to "Goldilocks" except better tasting =). you get 2 entrees with the rice and if you want they have soup on the side that they offer since Filipino's love to eat rice with "sabaw" or soup. they have plenty of sections from adobo, sinigang, afritad, menudo, almost any popular Filipino dishes they have it. i also got to try a soda that's original from the islands called "Sarsi" does it bring back memories when i was a kid drinking it out of a small sandwhich bag with straw (you guys know what i'm talking about if you grew up there) i would definitely come back on my next Vegas trip. it's nice to be away from the strip once in awhile
First off location...not a good area...My wife is Filipina and we eat a lot of filipino food. My favorite is chicken adobo and this selection here was not good. How can a dish made with garlic and vinegar not taste like it had vinegar in it?..Also the overall selection was not good...Don't know how anyone could see this place having a large variety to choose from. My wive had oxtail that looked good but was so over cooked we took to go as we didn't want to throw it away in front of them:). Place was not clean either...Blinds broken and hanging sideways on window and sun shining on windows as u enter show the windows filthy. This is rather a brutal review I know but it is what we experienced. But give it a try and see what u think.
Sooo good! Great price, good portions! This may be my favorite place for hearty meals! Such good hearty food choices, I actually thought this was a mexican restaurant, i'm not disappointed it wasn't. Yummy!
Lots of selection.  Nice prices.  Great helpings.  Not much in the way of customer service.  It's an adequate hump-day dinner.
When I am in the mood(and in the area) for my ethnic food, I like this one. Everything is great. I love the crispy pata. A lot of the food is deep friend and deep fried makes me happy(COMFORT FOOD!). It has been there forever. I just don't care for the area.
3 years ago, I moved away from my Filipino family and their amazing traditional meals that I would eat every day. When I'm missing them and missing their food, this is where I come to fill my void. Though it's nothing compared to mom & dad's cooking, it is still good!!! I've been here a few times and though it's about 40 minutes from my house, it's worth the drive for me!! I get sooo much food for sooo cheap!! They have a huge selection of food options. I really like their sinigang and constantly crave their fried chicken skins (omggg yum) and anything they have is pretty good!! I think I might make a trip there today actually - just writing about it makes me hungry!! haha.
For the times my stomach craves for the goood ol' country Filipino food my tongue have grown accustomed to besides the other international cookings my mother, my father and/or our housekeeper cooks for me and my siblings way back then; For the times I would just not get busy in the kitchen making favorite Filipino cuisine, this is my dining home when in Vegas. Why? can not think of anything else nor compare it with other places but it just fills and completes my Filipino food palate's needs!   Pluses:  This is a  family-friendly, laid-back, fast-food type restaurant. Want to see the interior? see the restaurant's own video on youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZ9ahwcj5mw&feature=mfu_in_order&list=UL  The atmosphere is cordial and conducive to just eating. Sometimes it's filled with diners on peak dining hours and sometimes I dine in with only 2 or three tables occupied. I like that, too, so I can concentrate on my meal and savor it without rushing out (so others can seat and eat on the table I just vacated, so unlike other restaurants).  There's televisions to watch Filipino programmed shows or sometimes sports is on the monitor. If not, just eat! It's not hot or cold inside. Guess, it has an A/C and fans swirl around, above from ceiling. Well, I feel comfy while dining, not un-climated. I have dined in the restaurant when "Pork Binagoongan" was on the buffet line (see photos). Other favorites of mine like "Laing", "Pinakbet", "Sinigang", "Kare-kare", "Bicol Express", "Ginataan" are waiting to be had. Well, I stop the enumeration right there because I have many favorites. It could get on and on, including soups and desserts...that said, it would take up so much space here on this page. Any favorites you can think of? Many Filipino food favorites are presented for you to have, to taste. A variety each day. Not the same served on the buffet line everyday. Isn't that exciting? Each time you visit, it ain't the same foods for the day.  Finely sliced, scrumptious, well-seasoned and deliciously spiced up meals.  They serve breakfast food. Though my regular choices were simple, my breakfast meal is always delightful of Garlic Fried Rice, a double nice sunny-side up eggs and delectable "Longanisa" (sweet and spicy sausage).  An array of finger food delicacies and packaged candies or mini-desserts for your sweet fixing need.  For just less than $10, a generous choice of 2 entrees in a combination with a heaping, steaming white rice and a small side of soup is a good deal. There are times I get a really good appetite, an extra serving of rice is given free of charge. The buffet line staff are friendly, helpful, and cordial. And they serve with an attentive smile. Although the staff is Filipino speaking, English as you all know by now is spoken by most Filipinos. Food is made fresh daily, hot, and straight from the kitchen. A "to-go" styrofoam box and plastic bag is given when taking home the rest of the meal is an option. There's a bathroom to wash my hands or peruse it for other purpose, you know what I mean. Parking space is abundant outside the restaurant. Choose your space.  Un-Plus, but See the Good Side Of It:  No wait staff if you are looking for someone to attend to you while you eat. It is a fast food restaurant. What did you expect? A tip is not even expected, unless you were really served by one of the staff.  Just don't expect the same Filipino foods made for each day. The buffet line offers you delectable choices that varies each day.  Later in the course of the day, the buffet trays are replenished; nevertheless, it's made fresh each time.  Back to Plus: The tables are attended to after the diner(s) leave the table by a cordial cleaning attendant resulting in a nice clean table if the diners before you do not clean up after themselves, you know how some people are.  Overall, I enjoy my meals and "masarap talaga" (that means, really tastes good!) Mmmmm! Mmmm! Mmm!  Here's an event submitted http://www.yelp.com/events/las-vegas-uye-we-salo-salo-filipino-style "Fishballs", 'Taho", "Pancit Palabok" from an episode of Anthony Bourdain http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdrBQL6gsio "Balut" (Duck Embryo Boiled Egg) & Exotic Foods of Philippines or "Pulutan" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akV-ItQQTg0
My familys favorite filipino restaurant in vegas! I eat so much whenever I go here.  They give free soup & A LOT of rice! They have my favorite banana dessert thing called Maruya! I can never find a place here in LA where they serve that :(.  They have a wide selection of filipino food to choose from... from bbq to adobo to menudo and ampalaya.  All the food I've tried is pretty good.    Parking is really easy since they're located in a plaza, and the workers are always so friendly!
I'm Filipino and one of my personal rules is, "I don't PAY for Filipino food!" My Mother and Aunties are amazing cooks! If I'm craving kare-kare or lumpia sariwa or adobo or pancit or pinakbet or anything else Filipino, I pick up the phone and call Mom or I make it myself. But..... Ito'y Sariling Atin has made me have to rethink this rule of mine. I had lunch there with family yesterday and it was so yummy! Lots of dishes from which to choose. I was craving kare-kare that day so that was my main dish. My eyes wanted to order so many things but one's stomach can only hold so much. They re-offer rice if you still have ulam. One gentleman had ordered the halo-halo special. Topped with mango ice cream it was huge and looked amazing! That will be the first thing I order on my next visit there! For 5 adults, the total price was $42; very reasonable. (Thanks for treating, Auntie.) Highly recommended.
Out of the large amount of Filipino restaurants in Vegas, Sariling Atin's food is just THE best. I've tried a few others, but hands down, this one's my favorite.  Don't get me wrong.. I love my parents' cooking, but I think even they would admit their food is delicious. In a one week stay, I think we managed to buy food from them like 4 out of the 7 days. Everything I've tried there is just full of flavor. I've never thought anything was too salty or lacking in something.  Cost-wise, I think it costs around $10 or a little for a large sized container of ulam ("dish" in Tagalog.. basically one of the items). They also serve one or two item combos with rice, and they come with soup too (usually nilaga or sinigang). They also sell homemade desserts, sago't gulaman, melon, Sarsi soda, etc.  Sariling Atin is where it's at!
Filipino server told me about this place and I'm glad he did cause it's right next to my place.  Great little shop and the food was outstanding for filipino fast food.  Got a whole piece of fish with soup, tamarind broth on the side just for my rice, and barbecue, rice, and diniguan.  It was all amazing and fresh and was almost tempted to get a Sarsi root beer as well.  It was also nice to see that the Laker game was on and it wasn't just Filipino Variety shows on TFC.
This place is the only Filipino restaurant in Vegas worth going to.  Food is always fresh and dont forget to get the fresh melon juice.  Only only beef I have is that the sinigang soup is not pork but fish, which is nastay.
Good place to go if you're looking for Filipino food.  All the dishes that I ordered tasted like the ones from home or at Filipino parties.  Safe place to try if you want to try something different than chow king, jollibees, or goldilocks!
When i was in vegas recently, i ate here twice. And the only time come back to a place to eat twice is if their food is really good. Lots of selection and ambience is homey- feels like you're back home in the Philippines. The prices are reasonable too. I will definitely eat here again if i am in the area.
So so good. All the chicken dishes are great.
Good food and reasonably priced!!!!
I'm not usually on this side of town very often...or at all if you observe my trends.  Was here due to the Anime convention over at LVH. After a few hours the hunger set in and walking around LVH my group and i started to notice that choices were quite sparse for lunch options. Hell the diner was closed and they shoveled people next door to the cantina for over priced happy hour. Other than that there was a pizza hut.  So i suggested Hot Dog Haus and the group agreed. Drove over and would you believe it...out of business (scene from Return of the Sith where Vader goes 'NOOOOO' and destroys everything in the room). Buddies suggested Ito'y Sariling Atin so i was like sure.  Long story short I can not for the life of me pronounce the name of this place or tell you what i ate other then describe it as a beef stew with rice dish but holy hell this place was the greatest bang for the buck and had some AWESOME food.  Pictures i'll be sure to take pictures of what i eat here in the future and you guys can help me put a name to it.
One of the best Filipino Restaurant in Town! Great Service, and Really Good Food.... love the Tita's Over there there so friendly... and the guy who clean the table and always gives u a great service when you eat there. ...
I'm amazed that there are so many Filipino restaurants in Las Vegas. I always visit this place to escape the "Strip" and give my wallet a rest.   I have been going back and forth about rating this place 3 or 4 stars. I have settled on 4 stars since 3 1/2 stars is not an option. By comparison, this place puts all of the Phoenix area Filipino places to shame. They have a wide selection of choices and the prices are reasonable. My review is based on the American palette as opposed to the Filipino palette.  Their breakfast menu consists of rice, longanisa, and eggs. I'm not really a fan of the breakfast so I nosh on the Turon. Which is a fried banana with jack fruit rolled up to look like a 8-12 inch eggroll.  The Turon is excellent and I always buy a bunch to go. These are $1 each and easily my favorite Breakfast item.  The lunch and dinner options are abundant. I have had the Lechon Kawali, Adobo and Caldaretta. I thought these dishes were OK, nothing to really salivate over.
Great Home style Filipino Food !!!
I love Filipino food, and this place has just that.  If you're craving adobo or banana lumpia, stop here and grab a plate to go.
I could never remember the name of this restaurant  every time I asked Pino and Pinay people at work for their favourite Restaurant this one came up but I know it now and in my Humble opinion this is the best Value eating in this town
It is a turo-turo place. price is reasonable just like in the bay area. they have 1 or 2 item special or you can order a-la carte .we were 6 people so we tasted most of the food they have. the veggies in the pinakbet were crunchy, cooked just right. each of the menu was tasty. lots of selection of Filipino desserts. friendly people. has 2 T.V. in tagalog channels - so u can watch your favorite show. this place maybe walkable if you are staying at LVH.
First impression: This place is terrible.  First of all let me give you a quick background on me. I am half filipino (from my dad)so I have SOME knowledge about filipino food. The problem is I am also half white and extremely extremely americanized lol. That being said I know the basics of filipino food only from eating at my grandmas house (yummmmmm). However, I cant prononuce anything in tagalog. No accent. By looking at me you cant even tell I am half so obviously coming in they think I'm just some straight up white girl walking into their restaurant.   When I walked up to order thats when I realized how rude the lady was. She was completely irritated that I was pointing at certain dishes asking what type of meat it is (i can only point out  loganisa, adobo, annddd sinigang). Other than that I  have nooooo idea. She had an attitude problem and all I wanted was some good food.   So this makes me wonder..... do all customers have to have an accent and know the ins and outs of this type of food to come here???? In order to give good service do I have to bring my grandma along.   Its not like the lady didnt speak english or didnt understand me. She was just mad that I didnt know what was what.   Ruuuuuuude!!!!!!!  I would say I would never come back but the only reason this place gets 2 stars is because their halo halo is bomb! I'll come back for that since I know how to say it lol  Anyways food was mediocre, Or maybe my granny spoils me. It was a big bowl of oil -_____-
tasty food, reasonable price, good staff, clean restaurant.
If you guys are looking for a freshly cooked filipino dish that is within a budget come to this place. Service is excellent and the place is very clean
From reading all the "good" reviews about this place we decided to check it out. The food here was Decent. Nothing great about it. Portion sizes were small. It was also located in the ghetto. Would we go back there? No.
Very good service,  they are nice people and the food Is awesome... I love to eat here...
HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013 - Contender #9  "This is our very own."  That's what the name of this restaurant, Ito'y Sariling Atin, means.  I know because I asked my mom, who was born and raised in the Philippines, unlike me, who was born in Akron, OH, raised in Cerritos, CA, and have parents who didn't teach me Tagalog.  Now you know, too.  As the Halo-Halo Challenge winds down, contender #9 brought us to yet another Filipino fast food place that we've never visited.  One thing Mel and I have learned in this short period of time doing the challenge is that Las Vegas has A LOT of Filipino food restaurants.  We're only going to review ten of them for this go-round, but there are still many beyond that number.  ISA is a "turo-turo" style place where you "point-point" at the food you want, just like those other places where you line up at the counter and can get two or three-item combos with rice. We didn't have any food, but I thought I'd let you know in case you want to eat here. We didn't see halo-halo on the menu, but just ordered it anyway, knowing that they did offer it. The lady behind the counter starting speaking to Mel in Tagalog--uh oh.  When this happens and you don't understand what's being said, you just keep answering in English.  She got the message and finally told us that it would take ten minutes.  Oh, okay.  The price here is $5.25 for the icy dessert and theirs had:  Ube ice cream, kaong, azuki, one piece of leche flan, nata de coco, white beans, jam, and chunky ice, again.  What's with the chunky ice?  Challenger #7 also had chunky ice.  I am not a fan of little icebergs in my bowl that I need to stab with my plastic spoon.   No macapuno, langka, ube, or pinipig in this version. Other than the chunky ice, this halo-halo is not too shabby.  It's only missing a couple of ingredients that I prefer to make it one of my favorites so far. HALO-HALO+TURO-TURO=YUM-YUM - 9 down, 1 left! Contender #1:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw Contender #2:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA Contender #3:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ Contender #4:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self Contender #5:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw Contender #6:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg Contender #7:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA Contender #8:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
This place is better than most places. My hubbie and I had two combos with 2 sides, yema, and two pieces of turon and it was a total of 25 dollars.  Not bad.  When we came in we were greeted by a man who stood there if anybody needed anything.  He gave us napkins while we pointed out what we wanted.  Like most filipino places, they're usually watching some filipino show.  The food was great and it was near our hotel. That's a plus! I finally found a place to eat while we're in town!
Came in on our way to the airport to get some deep fried chicken skin and my gf couldn't resist trying their halo halo. She liked the halo halo, chicken skin not so much.  Place was pretty busy and the food looked good, maybe next trip we'll try it out.
I went here randomly one day, and felt like I was home when I left! Ahh I got Lechon Kawali, Chicken Afretada, Sinigang, Turon, and Sago! All for less than $10! They were so friendly... they made me fresh Lechon! I sat and ate it, reminiscing about my grandmother's cooking! It is a busy place and you can get some good pandesal and desserts there to go as well!
Ok, let's start off with the food!  The food was cheap...very cheap actually. I think the 2 item combos were about $6, and the selection is plentiful. I went with what I knew, and chose the Lechon Kawali, Sisig, and Adobo.  The Lechon Kawali was a good meaty version here...not nearly as much fat as the other place I had it at, but the flavor isn't as good here...the benefit of all that fat! It's a catch 22   The Sisig...a little different than I've had. This was a bit more soupy on the bottom, versus a more dried consistency. Good though...just prefer the dried/more fried version myself.  And of course, the Chicken Adobo...very tasty and flavorful, but there were tiny little splinters of bone that distracted me from loving the dish. They need to sharpen that Butcher's knife! It was fall off the bone tender though, with a strong soy sauce flavor.  I'd skip this personally.  So bang for your buck, this is good food for the money! BUT :  I hit the restroom on the way out, and saw DEAD BUGS on the ground...GROSS! So I told myself, at least they are dead...the pesticides must be working right? But now I am worried and start looking around on the ground...noticed a live one walkin around in the middle of the day. Bleh...at least it was after I ate, because I sure as hell didn't have an appetite after that.  It was only till after my visit, that I noticed the other Yelper that posted up pics of a bug IN THEIR FOOD.  If I would have saw that, chances are, I would NOT have ate here...   Good luck!
Yummy! My favorite place been coming here for 3 yrs now! Everything is good and fresh. I'm a regular ;)
Best filipino fast food I've eaten in Vegas. Buffet style setup where you see the food that's already cooked and ready to be served. Customer service is good with a busboy who is very friendly & always cleaning.   The biggest downfall is that filipino food is that it's not that healthy for you. Eat responsibly lol  Try the Tocino, Fried Pork & anything that they serve. It's as filipino tasting as it gets!
We didn't enjoy our meal because of loud - mouthed staff. When we asked them to tone it down,  one of them replied that  the restaurant is a public place. How lame is that! !!!.don't come here if you want to have a pleasant meal.
I was impressed by this place. I had Filipino food for lunch the day before but that was not good and I was looking for something to fill the void. I checked Yelp and found this place rated high by other people. Higher rated than the other place I went to. If you ever heard someone say to find a good place, find the taxi drivers... this is true! there was about 10 taxi cabs in the parking lot in front of this place. This is not buffet and went here for breakfast. Found breakfast is $3.99 for any "silog" and the amount of food was more than enough. If you are craving anything else, you can order a small size for 3.29 or get there other combo which is not expensive at all. The server was very polite and social, even though she spoke to me in tagalog and I spoke English back. The place is nice... its not fine dining, but its not a "hole in the wall". it was decently clean and can't complain. the had some good dessert items near the register..even an assorted sipin sipin that I plan to go back for before I leave.
we heard about this place but did not have a good lunch. the woman serving was so loud and brash. the bus boy was talking at the top of his lungs yelling instead of talking softly to one of the patrons. I willnever go back to the place again. quite a downer. the server over the counter even had an argument with a patron about I. food was ok but cost  me  $19 for two people.
Jollibee is a staple in the Philippines. Ok seriously it's kinda like Fast Food Filipino/American Fusion. It makes me laugh because it's like McDonalds with a twist. The only thing vegetarian here is french fries. I was surprised and excited when I heard this was coming into town. I remember when it first came into town in LA. So this place is nestled in the Best Buy Shopping Center at Seafood City. It's next to Jason's Deli.  There's a weird feeling when I came up to it this weekend. One....It was hotter than shit out. Two....I have never seen so many filipinos. It's like one of the islands crash landed nearby. Seriously they were like ants coming out of the ground.  Jollibee is known for just a few menu items: Yumburger, Double Yum, Champ Burger and the Amazing Aloha with grilled pineapple - The Burger itself is pretty thick - not your average burger. 1/3 meat. Cooked all the way through - kinda tastes hearty with beef broth or onion soup mixed into it.  Noodles: Pacit Palabok - it's a noodle dish with thick rice noodles and sorta a thick sauce with ground pork rinds...scallions, hardboiled egg....Yea...I know Healthy right? Jollibee also carries spaghetti. But it's filipino spaghetti with sliced hot dogs and meat. It's slightly sweeter than american or italian. It's also topped off with cheese. Mmmm yea way healthy. Finally there's Chicken Joy. YAY Joy. Fried chicken. Served with a side of gravy and rice.  Couldn't decide so I ordered a noodle, burger, and chicken. I don't get that that often...so what? I do what I want. The lines are a lil slow, the food isn't really bad. It's not great, but you know it's a novelty. I took it back to work. Had a few bites of each and it was over. I'd definitely go back. I mean I gotta try the boba!  If you want a taste of the Phillipines and filipina girls are out of the question - this is a good place for baby steps.
Oh no! Halo halooooooo...   Ok so I've had Jollibee two days in a row.  Yesterday I had a 1pc Chicken Meal which comes with a drink, rice, gravy, and fried chicken for $3.50 or so.  Good stuff to satisfy the hungry beast.  I was disappointed they didn't have any lumpia shanghai though.  Today I got the halo halo which was refreshing.  Although it had more toppings -leche flan, ube & mango ice cream, and ube halaya? and bananas -than the surrounding eateries (Red Ribbon & Chow King), it seemed to lack more of the other stuff like the beans, coco gel, and more gulaman. I made it home and the bed of ice is what kept it alive until after a pancit and fish with rice dinner.  I also had 2 peach mango pies to go and man, what can I say but absolutely scrumptious!  5 stars b/c I was satisfied with getting my Filipino fix.    The sweet spaghetti is not bad either. Masarap! =)
First time I had Jollibee was when I went to the PI in 2005. Nothing beats having chicken joy (similar to Popeyes and KFC) with rice or Filipino spaghetti!! And the gravy that comes with it...sooooo good!  I wish there was a Jollibee in Chicago - but c'est la vie. When we meet again, Jollibee - it will be a great reunion!
your average jollibee with a thousand filipinos in it. the cashier person was rude.. i should of told the manager.
The last time I visited the Philippines was way back in '97.  We only went to Jollibee once, and I was so sick I stayed in the car.  My last trip to Vegas was just last year, but I didn't even know at the time that there was a Jollibee opening up.  This past weekend, I had to hit it up.  Even if it meant paying the $13 cab fare there, and the other $13 to come back to the strip (note: make sure you get the phone number for a cab, they don't come around there very often).  I was hungover, hungry, and already on a losing streak...Filipino fast food was what I needed.  My friends and I each got the palabok/chickenjoy combo, along with a peach mango pie.  I generally prefer Filipino spaghetti to palabok, but a few weekends ago Filipino spaghetti was all I ate for three days.  The chicken was without a doubt the best fast food fried chicken I've ever had, and while I've had better palabok (I prefer the kind with the thicker noodles), it was still pretty damn good.  The pie was also a must-try.  It beats the shit out of a McDonald's apple pie any day.  Even if you're not Filipino, you can learn to love our food at Jollibee.  Now if only Vegas wasn't the closest one to me in Chicago, I'd be much happier.  BONUS:  There was a Chow King there too, and though we were too full to try it, it was a nice surprise.
This is the best fried chicken Ive had. I can't even compare it to KFC, Popeyes, or Brown's. This place is so popular in the Philippines, and are slowly moving East. There's only one location in Las Vegas, but much more in California. They serve Fried Chicken with rice or fries, they have burgers, they have pancit palabok, they have noodle soup, they have bubble shakes, its just pure heaven in the fast food race. They definitely need to move faster East and open locations in Chicago.
satisfies your craving for filipino best selling chain for a price! good to visit with kids. The place is ususally packed on weekends.  feels good to eat something you have been craving back home... this place is the answer. saw a couple of flies...maybe they were lost???
Do not get me wrong, the fried chicken here is good and so is the Filipino style spaghetti (sweet meat sauce with slices of hot dogs). I would give this place more stars but the only problem I have about this place is that the prices are so inflated! Fried chicken and spaghetti should not cost that much. Let us not forget that this is a fast food joint.
on the most recent trip to vegas it was decided that Jollibee was for lunch.  I lost the vote and followed everyone else.  We have Jollibee in San Diego and its not like i have never been there.  This Jollibee was new and the menu board were flat screen tvs. It was crowded despite going on Monday Lunchtime.  Prices seemed a little higher, but i got the Palabok and Chicken Combo.  I asked for White Meat Chicken, since the menu said there was an extra charge for it.  The cashier told me they ran out.  Always happens...how strange.  I a chicken leg and boy was it crispy.  The Palabok was greasy, but I still finished it.  If you haven't seen this location, its worth a visit.
Filipino interpretation of American Food, Hamburger and Fried Chicken. Of course there are the basic Filipino fare palabok.  over all the prices are comparable to Macdonalds.
Is the food good?  Unless you're Filipino, the answer is a resounding no!  For some reason, this place is like catnip for my Fiancee and her Filipino family.  The clear standouts that make this place worth the trip are: 1. Cheesiness.  No more cheesy than your average fast food place, but this is Pinoy cheese! 2. Chicken Joy.  This is some damn fine fried chicken.  I'll give them that. 3.  It will make your Filipino in-laws happy! 4.  It is a quick and easy way to get some halfway authentic Filipino food somewhat easily.    Give it a shot, I would even suggest driving across town for it, but you probably won't need to go twice.  ps.  I plan on copying and pasting this review into every Jollibee I've ever had the pleasure of being forced in to, just so you can see what I am subjected to on every vacation.  *sigh* the things we do for love.
I was pleasantly surprised to learn there was a Jollibee in town. For those of you that do not know what Jollibee is, it is a fast-food chain that is wildly popular in the Phillippines. I read a favorable article about the company a while back, and I wanted to try it out for myself.  Jollibee is located by Boulevard Mall inside a seafood market. It is bright, clean, and has flat-screen TVs with shots of people enjoying and eating their food. The people behind the counter were fast and efficient, and I got my order quickly. I had my hands full of stuff, so the lady behind the counter was nice enough to bring my food to my table, which was very nice of her. The girl who was cleaning the floors even opened the door for me when I entered the restaurant *and* when I left, which you NEVER get from fast food places. That really impressed me.  I ordered a combo plate which consisted of one piece of fried chicken, palabok fiesta noodles that had eggs and some other stuff in it, and a drink. It also came with a side of gravy for the chicken, but I did not care for the gravy very much, nor did I think the noodles were all that great either. They were both about average. I did like the fried chicken and it turned out I didn't need the gravy after all. What really surprised me was the peach mango pie I had for dessert. It was really tasty and puts McDonald's pies to shame.  This is a good place to bring kids and is very family-friendly. I would come back, but I'd order something else instead. I gave them one extra star for service, otherwise the food itself is only a three. For fast food, it is a little overpriced ($9 just for myself is a little much), but Jollibee is good to try if you want something different from the national fast-food chains.
Not a bad place to get lunch. The only thing good here is the chicken joy with gravy. The new 99 cent corned beef sandwiches are gross, the tasty burgers has too much lady's choice or mayo. If you had to choose, go right next door to chow king.
This was probably the last time I will enjoy Jollibee.  Don't get me wrong, it tasted great but you can almost feel your arteries clogging up from the unhealthiness of it all.  If I didn't give two cents about eating healthy, I would eat here all the time.  They have the best fried chicken.  KFC, Popeyes .... whatever .. doesn't come close to Jollibee's.   Of course they are renowned for their palabok.. it is pretty damn good.
Another Chicken & Burger joint that has popped up over by Boulevard Mall...so I decided to give it a go.  Located inside the Seafood Supermarket I had NO IDEA it was a filipino fast food franchise..It simply READ Chicken & Burgers...  I don't really have much to say on this one....I barely got past the smell of the burger to take the one bite I tried before spitting it out. Definitely an acquired taste because the place was packed and everyone else seemed to be enjoying the chicken meals not too many eating burgers:(
Sometimes I need to get my (Filipino) Chicken on. I love fried chicken and grew up going to Jollibee as a kid.  I am not much for their burgers and I dunno if I like the Flip "interpretation" of burgers....but I must say it is tons better in Philippines than it's done here. I skip it.   It's about chicken. Period. I do think this is a good fast food chicken and rather go here than KFC anyday. Plus, I'm a ricer and I like my chicken with rice...unless it's a chicken and waffle joint then I heart that too.   Spaghetti- keep in mind, again filipino style so it has ground beef, hotdogs, with a sweet sauce with cheese. I like this on occasion.  Palabok is okay here, but rather skimpy on toppings. The BF rather get it at Chow King if we're strictly picking from chains in the same center.   Don't forget the sweet stuff. I loove Ube and Pandan shake and the mango pie is the bomb. Ef the pies at other fast foods.   It's kinda a rarity for me to eat, I unlike my peoples are not magnetized to my peoples foods. Still, I come when I'm in the area and I am up always to eat some good fried chicken.
After much insisting from people of the Filipino persuasion, I finally gave this place a second chance. The first time I tried the chicken from Jollibee in San Francisco, I didn't see what the big deal was...I thought they should have changed the name to Regularbee.   So I was a little hesitant, but super hungry and ready to rip this place apart with my preconceived notions. But once I bit into that chicken,  my mind was definitely changed. OHHHH so this is what it's supposed to taste like? Okay NOW I get the hype.  Though there were a couple things I didn't like - they forgot some of the stuff we ordered with our meal and didn't give us extra utensils (it's not that big of a deal but we ordered enough for 4 people and only got one fork), so we kept having to check to see if we had all our food and went back up to the dude a couple times. Also the drink station and dining area was a little messy and unkept...the workers were bringing out food to people so I'm sure at least one of the many saw the state of things and clearly did not care.   All in all, I'd say my chicken was a redeemer. If I ever stop by here again I'd take the food to go.
I love jollibees! After having jollibees in the philippines, I had withdrawal. I made sure to make it a point to eat here while we were on vacation in Las Vegas.  I ordered the Chicken with gravy and spaghetti combo, and it was delightful! Everything I ordered was hot and fresh, so that was a plus. My friend ordered the palabok (type of noodle), and it was pretty good!  I just wish they had a chain here in Chicago!
I HATE this Jollibee!!!!!!! I come to Vegas once a year and for the last two years they messed up my order!   Both years I asked for a cheeseburger plain just meat and cheese only. Any mcdonalds could get that right. But no jollibee can't. They had the nerve to tell me plain just means no sause and I have to say cheese only!!!  And then they take it back in back and wait fiv minutes an bring it back out with everything just wiped off with the sauce smeared all over still.  So never going back again!!! If you want anything plain or something different from them just go somewhere else becaus they don't have the brains to fix it for you!!!!!!
A friend and I were in Las Vegas for a competition recently.  Our plane arrived just after lunch time and due to the dearth of food during the flight, we were starved.  With all the wonderful restaurants available to us to grab a quick bite, we chose Jollibee.  We quite literally dropped our luggage in the room, hailed a cab, and set off for Jollibee.  "Crazy", you say?  "A fast food chain, seriously"?!   Why.... yes!  We both developed a love of this place while living in the RP.  As there are no Jollibees in the Detroit area, any chance for us to go to one must be taken.  Now, if you are not of the Filipino persuasion or raised around Filipinos, you probably won't understand the obsession.  Of course, I realize that may appear to be somewhat dismissive of non-Filipinos, but I base it on the fact that the Filipino palate is very different from that of the typical American (or pretty much anyone else).  Most Filipinos like a mix of savory/sweet/salty in their food which many non-Filipinos find a little jarring.  Take for example, the spaghetti.  To most people, the thought of hot dogs, spam, and banana ketchup in the spaghetti sauce borders on sacrilege.   To the Filipino, this is normal.  How about serving fried chicken with 2 scoops of rice covered in brown gravy?  Totally cool with my Flip brethren, but completely wacky to most everyone else.  Then there are the burgers - a little fattier, more finely ground beef, garlic and onion laden, and typically covered with a sauce of banana ketchup and a sweet mayo.  When I have described this to my friends, I typically receive a look that I interpret to mean, "What are ya, nutz"?!  My point is that when Jollibee decided to cross the pond, they opted to market to their base... Filipinos.  They didn't change anything to suite anybody else but Filipinos.  (And consequently chose to set up franchises in areas with, unsurprisingly, large Filipino poplulations).  The food at the state-side Jollibees is comparable to those in the RP and provides a much needed taste of what is my spiritual home.  Comparable (and good), but not quite the same.  How do I mean?  Please, read on.  Of the items served, the chicken is closest to what is served in the RP.  It is crispy, juicy, a little salty and served with the obligatory rice, though you can get pancit palabok (rice noodles with a shrimp sauce, ground pork, egg, and chicharon) or sweet spaghetti instead.  The burgers at the state-side Jollibee tend to be a little drier (probably due to the lower fat content of US cows) and not as flavorful.  Tastewise, close to the RP ones, but again, not quite right.  The spaghetti isn't quite as sweet in US Jollibees (but still much sweeter than most people are used to).  These minor differences aren't really enough to down grade Jollibee from 5 to 4.  No... the down-grade results from 1 admittedly petty complaint...  US Jollibees don't serve one of the most popular items that is available overseas... the Jolli Hot Dog.  This is actually my favorite item and I lament the fact you can't get it here.  What makes it so special?  Again, the sweet/savory thing.  The hot dog is served with the ubiquitous banana ketchup, mayo, and a shredded, white, Velvetta-like cheese (yes, Velvetta).  Yes, I realize the very thought of ketchup and mayo on a hot dog is tantamount to heresy is some places and I will freely admit to being an aficionado of the Chicago dog paradigm.  But after eating hot dogs dressed as above, for 5 years, one develops a craving for them (as well as the sweet spaghetti - I actually prefer it now:  weird, I know).  I've tried replicating them at home to no avail.  It is disappointing, to say the least.  (See, I told you it was a petty reason for the down-grade).  I truly love the food at Jollibee.  It is the Filipino interpretation of some American staples, that has become a unique form of Filipino soul food.
I heard about Jollibee by reading a Harvard Business Review case on the company and was interested to try it out for myself.  I was surprised to discover two locations in Vegas.  I gave the Seafood City location a try.  I knew it was a Filipino fast food joint that had food that catered to that demographic.  Since I'm an "white-washed" Pacific Islander, my taste in food leans more towards a traditional American taste than the islands....so, I knew I was in for an adventure.  I decided to sample a little bit of everything.  I had the Shanghai Rolls, 99 cent Corned Beef Sandwich, 99 cent French Fries, and a Champ Burger.  To wash it down I had a bottle of Water.  Since I ordered to eat in the restaurant, I was issued a number and waited for my order to be delivered.  The order came out in two batches since it took a while to cook my Champ Burger.  The Corned Beef Sandwich was very small....about the size of a Slider.  It didn't have much flavor to it....kind of bland to me.  The Shanghai Rolls were very good.  They were tiny, pinky sized Rolls that had the texture of Lumpia.  They were pretty good but you didn't get much for 99 cents.  The French Fries were just ok, nothing special.  The Champ Burger was a mess.  It was very sloppy with the Mayo and Ketchup running down the sides of the Burger.  It has a different taste to it....I don't know what it is....but it doesn't taste like a regular Burger.  I didn't like it at all.  The joint was really busy and had at least 10 people in line during my entire visit, which was around 2 pm.  That's pretty impressive.  Will I return?  Probably not, it wasn't for me.
For a grocery shopping lunch stop the food really hits the spot for me. It's dark meat chicken fried and served with hot gravy and noodles... Yum!
Ahhhh, finally!  After all these years, I finally got the opportunity to go to Jollibee!    I didn't really feel like eating the fried chicken, so I got staple - tocino and eggs.  Delicious.  Heaping pile of rice, tons of tocino, yummy eggs - perfection!  They also have vinegar and soy sauce available at the front, so that's always perfect to top the rice with or dip the tocino in.  What really caught my eye on the menu were the lil slider sandwiches.  They had everything that brought me back to my childhood - corned beef, spam, egg.  It's like, this is what my Dad used to make me go to school with for lunch...seriously.  I couldn't resist and also got the spam slider - which really tasted like my childhood.  Oh, good times.  Oh, and they had an ube freeze/slushie thing.  Food coma, yo.  But, sooo worth it!
My first Filipino fast food place I've been to. Not bad. $1 corn beef or spam burgers. I bought 24 of them for my friends before going out. This was cheaper than going to a lunch buffet at the Wynn.  I actually wished they had one of these in Chicago. The employees were really nice; always smiling. If I had to guess, I think they came straight from the Philippines.
I guess Jollibee is ok, I'm not a big fan of they're food. It's alright, not the best fast food place to eat but i do like they're apple pies. Other than that the just taste mediocre to me. Jollibee has a variety of food from burgers to spaghetti to chicken. Jollibee has two locations one in Maryland Parkway and one in Summerlin. It's probably the most famous Filipino fast food franchise, it's like the McDonald's of the Philippines.
My Caucasian friend spotted the sign while passing by Maryland Blvd. He had severe craving for it (he last ate one in LA a few years ago). So we found the place for lunch the following day.  I was trying to keep an open mind but I don't go fast foods as a rule. I feel they are tasteless, salty, greasy, boring, and not worth the value.  I believe I had the Palabok Fiesta. The thin rice noodle covered by the sauce. I could not decipher what's in the sauce. It's a brown paste, with a 2 slices of boiled eggs on top.   The taste was boring and bland and salty. The portion was so pathetically small that I swallowed in 2 bites, for $5 (I chose not to include drink).  My friend had burger steak. It actually came with a side cole slaw too. It was salisbury steak with mushroom sauce. I had a bite....  Wow! The cole slaw tasted OK in a Filipino fast foods chain. The dollar bite size corned beef burger... well. It's canned corned beef put inside a dinner roll. I can do the same at home if I really want to go for this.  So diners, if you really want to live an American life (Madonna, hear this), it's an option. It's too pricey for my simple taste.
By far the best friggin gravy and chicken skin ever..  The only downside was that it's pretty expensive for the portion size, and if you only like white meat like myself, then be prepared to wait 20 minutes or so..
I first heard about this Filipinos fast food joint when I was in Honolulu a few weeks ago. They just opened one up in Waipahu. There was such a long line up there everyday that I didn't even bother to go there. One day while I was driving along Maryland Parkway and happened to see the big sign of Jollibee on the wall next to the Filipino super market "Seafood City". Since I didn't see any line up, I decided to try out this place. Surprisingly, there was no one at the counter ordering and only 4 customers eating and this was lunch time! Someone told me to try their fried chicken but I opted instead for the Palabok Fiesta because it's healthier....LOL. I was disappointed as the portions were very small.   I guess my taste buds are not used to eating Filipino food as I found the rice noodles overcooked and not that flavorful.  I don't think I would go back there again.  Sorry!
You can never go wrong with their spaghetti w/ chicken joy, plus peach mango pie!
Gross. I know my fellow Filipinos would decry me as unfaithful to my country but this shit is straight-up garbage. If being Filipino means liking Jollibee, then I am in for some serious identity crisis.  I simply cannot back up this establishment. Like seriously, this is not Filipino food, well most of it isn't. A more accurate description would be a disastrous take on American and Italian food. Sweet burgers and hot dog littered spaghetti? Ugh. Soggy fries? Ugh. So-So fried chicken? If I was starving, maybe. Filipinos who grew up eating here adore the shit out of this fucking bee. Their only redeemable item was their fried mango pie and even that made me go in to a tailspin. Why? Because there was a pube on my pie. Oh lawd. This is not good.   On a forealzies level, if you're unfamiliar with this place, keep it that way. You'll save your hard earned cash and avoid food poisoning. It's overpriced and so not worth buying that teriyaki burger or hot dog spaghetti. Instead, for burgers, hit up In-n-Out, it's cheap and delicious. For spaghetti? Go to Parma in Summerlin, kinda pricey but it's far more authentic and savory. But please, do not be lured by the creepy bee. You have been warned.
I can only tell you that the pineapple burger my co-worker got for me, I really liked.  Can't wait to go there and try something else.
Ok now. For this location. I went to this spot on Wednesday, because I was on that side of town for a meeting. After my meeting, I decided to stop at the Jollibee because I really wanted something from there. As majority of the time, I usually get the Tocino meal. Well, needless to say, that is exactly what I got for lunch. I got the Tocino meal, a lumpa rolls, and a Baku Pandan drink with bobas. Of course because it was lunch time, I had to wait for a little bit since the Tocino meal is a breakfast. YES. the serve breakfast all day. THANK GOODNESS. Thanks to my Filipino friends, I now where to go, when the gals are not cooking. hehe. Thanks, ladies.
Oh my! Are those Vienna sausages in my sweet spaghetti? That was my first reaction when I went to Jollibee in the Philippines. Just like how the Philippines are an amalgamation of different cultures and cuisines, the menu here reflects that in fast food form. The fried chicken is not the best but cheap. The spaghetti sauce is similar to ketchup. Their boba is fresh, warm, and sweet. Lacks the chewiness and the drink unsettled my stomach for the rest of the day.
Its Jollibee foo! "Joylicious" in every frigging way my friends! Where you can get your Filipino fix of fried poultry, garlic fried rice, lumpia, spaghetti, pilabok. and breakfast meats! This place is about comfort not quality; kinda like the McDonald's/KFC of the Filipino world.   The food is always like a friendly call girl....cheap, easy, ready when you are, and always leaves you wanting more! lol  Definitely try out the breakfast foods, Tocino (Sweet Cured Pork) and Spam (Spam :) ) are the better ones, the Longanisa (Spicy/Sweet Sausage) its just a spicy hot dog and not the real deal here. Also they have burgers which are 2nd rate, so stick with the fried chicken, pilabok (Glass Noodles Vermicelli with a specific flavored sauce) and sides. They are greasy but damn tasty! The Peach and Mango pies are 2 for $3 and worth every penny!  Service is fast, friendly, and comes with a "Thank You Mamsir!" lol
I ended 13 years of Jollibee sobriety here a couple of weeks ago. I hadn't had it since I was in the motherland in '98.   Amazing is all I really have to say. I'm certainly biased, but I really don't give a damn.  Yumburgers and Chickenjoy forever.
Triple F -- Filipino Fast Food -  but try the burgers and the hotdogs last.  The palabok is good, the spaghettis is passable.  The breakfast items are the best.  Service is always spotty.  Just remember this is a FAST FOOD place!
Like most food, you would have to have been raised on or grew up with it to really like or appreciate it...  Such is the case, with Jolibee's Fried Chicken. Just about every table had one, so the wifey and I decided to share a plate to see what all the hype was about, and I also got a peach pie because it really looked like how the old school deep fried apple pies Mc Donald's used to have waaaay back in the day(STILL searching for that to this day)  How was the chicken? The Colonel still kicks the Bee's A$$....IMHO  How was the pie? Close but no cigar....ALOHA!!!
I don't quite get this place or why Asians love it, but it is very good :)
Jollibee is the most fun you could ever have at a fast food restaurant.  It's called Jollibee for crying out loud! One of the plates is called the Chicken Joy. How can you not smile after hearing those words? Unless you are a complete banana.  The other day, I popped in for lunch and got the fiesta noodles. Basically, it's rice noodles, topped with brown sauce. I also got a side of the corned beef sliders.   A funny story about these sliders. A few years back, I stumbled into a Jollibee in Koreatown (LA) after a very intense happy hour, and accidentally ordered these sliders. Ever since, this has always been a go-to item for me.  The service at this particular location was pretty good. I got my order within 4 minutes. I took it back to the office, but nothing was missing. Definitely better than the other fast food options in the area (McDonalds, Burger King, etc). Plus, who wants to eat at those places? Jollibee is where it's at.
Jollibee is a filipino fast food chain. The first time Kalila ever had it was in the Philippines itself!   This place is great for a quick palabok (they call it "fiesta noodles") fix. Their chicken Joy is comparable to Popeye's or Church's fried chicken.  Kalila's favorite is their Jollispaghetti. Filipino spaghetti is typically sweeter and has hot dog in the sauce.  My favorite thing to get is the corned beef mini sandwich.  They have other filipino favorites like halo-halo, taro drink, sotanghon soup, etc.  Only problem is that when you leave Jollibee (located inside the seafood city market center), you will leave smelling like food.
staff are definitely incompetent! I ordered a spicy chicken and the cashier asked me if I want tabasco... REALLY!?!? Those who are off the clock should not hang by the counter chatting with those who are still on the clock!
Jollibee is a Filipino based fast-food restaurant. They have really good fried chicken. I love the spicy chicken. They give rice and gravy on the side. I always order a side of fries and the awesome mini pies. I had Jollibee when I went to the Philippines in 2007. It is almost exactly the same!
This has got to be one of the best tasting fried chicken I've had anywhere! Ordered the two piece meal with rice, container of gravy and a drink. Good service and clean restaurant. Reasonable prices.
My girlfriend often comes to Seafood City and she told me we needed to stop by to get something.  Then we happen to come along Jollibee, it seems like a nice little establishment.  I didn't really know at the time that this was a big chain.  I have tried the purple Boba slush and it is farely decent.  I don't really get the appeal of the place, I'm guessing this is like a KFC of Filipino food?  The staff seems helpful and I'm sure I will try the food selection sooner or later.  As for now, I think this place is A-OK.  The prices seem reasonable, I'll be back to give it a more in-depth try.  #TryItBeforeYouBuyIt #GettingMyFil #SampleSize
This place gets a 3 stars for its nostalgic value of the Philippines. Other than that, I wouldn't say the atmosphere or menu boasts anything special. They have their signature chicken joy, Filipino style spaghetti (it's comparatively sweeter than the italian um...prototype?), all day breakfast combos with a choice of corned beef, beef tapa, sausages, egg, and rice. It's really just another fast food chain - themed up Filipino style.   On to the more positive aspects though, you wouldn't want to miss the halo-halo. It's a famous island delicacy dessert composed of shaved ice mixed with evaporated milk and topped with all these goodies like ice-cream, leche flan, beans, fruits, jello. Not bad, I say, although I've tried waaaay better halo-halo back in the Philippines.   To be honest, with Jolibee, what you see is what you get for the most part - except their little pan de sal bites. Don't be fooled by the ad sizes, they aren't that big and for 99cents an order, you would rather get a pack of bread at the next door Filipino bakery instead. Also, if it helps, they've also got a television placed above the drink machines playing Filipino Dramas and game shows. So if you are into the TFC channel, this is a good place to stop by and enjoy your meal to.
I had the fiesta noodles which were okay but I wasn't in the mood for noodles though. My boyfriend ordered for me since I had a little difficulty in deciding. Their chicken is pretty good. Crispy and juicy! Fries were a no brainer as well.   But then I had the peach mango pie... I was in heaven!
I love love love their fried chicken. I don't know what try put in it, but I find it highly addictive!!! The gravy goes well with their delicious fried chicken. Spaghetti is different, sweet with hot dog, but it is also tasty. But their fried chicken is out of this world tasty to me. I prefer jollibee fried chicken over any other fried chicken at this point.
One of my fave Filipino fast food restaurants here in Vegas.
This is the place I visit when I want a delicious mango cake or fruit cocktail dessert. But, when I crave "Halo Halo," there is NO ONE in town who makes the best ones. I say so because i have tried many and no one makes them like Jollibee on Maryland Pkwy. I don't like the ones at their other location in Summerlin because they are stingy with the  proportions of everything. Like adding two beans of this or two pcs of jello. Please, be generous with the proportions when you are making a Halo Halo and paying close to $5.00 bucks for it!
Best Filipino Fastfood!
No matter what, their food will never be worth it or better than the Jollibees in the Philippines. At least the McDonalds in the Philippines has the same recipes. Jollibee just doesnt quite taste the same. Its overpriced and it takes away from the "fast food" prices. I still like their boba & gravy though. Hopefully, they add on something new to their menu that drives me back whenever I go to Seafood City.
Being a proud Filipino, seeing a Jollibee is akin to seeing the Golden Arches for Asians.  Although I do like me some McDonald's every once in a while, I try to stay away from too much fast food.  Ruins the palette!  Not to mention the diet.  Jollibee is on the average with every other fast food joint in and around the US of A.  It does strike a chord for many Filipinos stranded in the 9th Island that is Las Vegas.  The memories are a welcome to most, and to food for me at least is just OK.  We visit Jollibee when the family feels like we get too American.  Gotta remember your roots!  Ironically, Jollibee is as Americanized Filipino as you can get!  Flavors are totally changed to a more Westernized taste bud.  For crying out loud, Jollibee's website it located at www.Jollibeeusa.com!  That said, they do serve some decent dishes.    Jollibee serves breakfast, as well as a main menu that goes for lunch and dinner.  Ok, breakfast...is not your health-conscious oatmeal and egg whites.  You got your garlic fried rice (breakfast of Filipino champions & vampire hunters), fried egg, a slice of tomato for good measure, with your choice of pork, corned beef, beef tapa, milkfish belly, pork sausage (which looks more like a hot dog), or my beloved SPAM.  MMMMM...tasty!  Please be sure to have lots of liquid with your breakfast here, salt city baby!  But for some reason, comforting.  Although my mom does a much better breakfast with her leftover bacon-fat and garlic fried rice, scrambled eggs, and Uncle Louie's (Maui's own!) Portuguese Sausage.  *DROOL*  I miss my Mommy.  Jollibee's main menu is very, very varied.  Typical stuff you would find in a fast food burger place, but some curveballs thrown in for good measure.  You got your hamburgers, cheeseburgers, hot dogs and your fries.  But add on their Chickenjoy to the menu.  Fried chicken yeah!  Along with mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, and of course..white rice.  Wait, there's more!  Want some spaghetti?  They got it at Jollibee too!  Filipino spaghetti is the norm, but the difference is the meat sauce is made sweeter with the addition of a nice dose of sugar.  Ooh, my glucose levels.  What, not Asian enough for you?  Jollibee also serves up classics as Pancit Palabok (aka 'Fiesta Noodles'), as well as a nice crispy bangus fish plate.  Food's not bad, I usually end up getting a spaghetti and Chickenjoy combo plate.  Did I mention the gravy for some reason is really good?  I'd probably put it on a shoe (a clean one) and gnaw on it.  The burgers are decent, but I've had better pancit in other places.  But I warn you diabetics, choose wisely!  Me thinks a lot of their food has added sugar in it.  Sweet!  Jollibee also has some dessert offerings, mote notably their Halo-Halo sweet treat.  I like theirs because they add a scoop of vanilla and ube ice cream on top.  I just wish they added more fruit, more ice, and less sugar.  Plus come on, the price is a bit much!  About $5 for a large one.  So if you're new to ethnic food, or want to impress that Filipino date of yours, don't go to Jollibee!  Ha Ha!  Go eat at some real, authentic Filipino establishment!  If you're craving a quick fix of Asian fast food then Jollibee might just be the ticket.  And take a pic with the Jollibee mascot, all the other Asians do!  Although he does creep me out a bit.  Damn you, Stephen King and IT...scared me off of clowns for good.
It is a filipino fast food chain and I have always loved their fried chicken, since its the only thing I have ever ordered there.  The chicken is very crunchy (which I love about it) and juicy.  I usually get mines with a side of rice and either fries or corn.  If you like Popeye's then maybe you should give this fast food chain a try.  Also, while you eat your food you can even enjoy some filipino tv shows inside Jollibee.  Lastly, the service and the prices are A-OK.
Moist, succulent pieces of fried dark meat chicken! I love chicken joy, my fatty self loves drowning the chicken meat in the gravy...the skin needs to be appreciated in its fullest, crispiest form without the gravy.  Even the little spam biscuits with mayonnaise are surprisingly tasty.  There is nothing healthy here that I can see....but bad food is my pleasure.
A friend told me about this place, so when I was in the neighborhood I decided to check it out. I walked-in and seen just one culture. I felt odd honestly, like I was being stared at. I was the only white girl that was in there lol. I walked out.. I don't know why it seemed to bother me so much, but it did.   Years later I returned to try again. I have lived a very closed in life when it comes to trying different cultures of food. On the menu they had Bangus (Which I don't know what that is) Fiesta noodles, that looked like fish and meats on the top of the noodles.   Since I am a scary cat, I decided I wanted to taste something I know..A burger. I ordered the Big Yum. It was a very soft burger. I know that sounds funny, but I don't know another way to explain it. Like the meat was soft. Makes me think of what kind of meat I was eating? It was a different taste.  They didn't skip on condiments! Big A+ there!   I am making it a goal to try different foods. So many restaurants in Vegas and I always seem to go to the same places and the same foods. I want to go back to Jollibee and try the chicken next.
It was finally our last day in Vegas and we were about to head home. Missed the free breakfast buffet from the hotel because I had too much to drink the night/midnight before and couldn't get out of bed.. anyone smell a hangover?  aaaaannnyway.. so we decided to grab something quick (and cheap) to eat. Jollibee!!! Never been so happy to see that red bee smiling at me.  I had ordered the usual jollibee spaghetti. Now, if you like sweet spaghetti with slices of sausage/hotdog in your chunky spaghetti. Def give this one a go. If not, then go... far far away.  The only thing I could stomach that time was the spaghetti so we took the peach mango pie (you gotta try this one!!!!) to go.  The place is nice and clean. The only difference about this branch is that they had the soda fountain open to everyone.
I watched Anthony Bourdain's new show "Parts Unknown" on CNN, and in this week's episode it was on Koreatown in LA. After watching this, I was starting to plan my foodie road trip to Los Angeles. I saw that he visited a Jollibee on that episode, and I remembered that there was one in Vegas. I went to the one here, so that it would help save some time when I get to LA (also to help save my stomach). I stopped by before going into work to get some food, to go.  This Jollibee is located in the Seafood City supermarket between Flamingo and Twain on Maryland. You can't miss it because it has a huge sign, and it is right next to the Best Buy. Parking here can be tricky, sometimes the lot is packed, and other times there is plenty of parking near the store. After you walk in, there is Chow King on the left, and Jollibee is on the right.  Jollibee is actually a chain of fast food stores. It is considered to be the "McDonald's" of the Philippines. There is a menu full of items: sandwiches, fried chicken, entree's, breakfast items and desserts. I wanted to try the same item's from the show, so I picked out an Amazing Aloha Burger, a little big bite Spam sandwich, and a Halo-Halo. There is a counter similar to fast food places where they take your order, and after ordering, the'll give you a number and you pick up your food when they call your number out. My order was done pretty quickly, and the employee's were nice.  Amazing Aloha Burger - A large burger that comes with Aloha sauce, patty, lettuce, cheese, bacon, and pineapple. The advertisement picture is misleading, you only really get a quarter of a slice instead of a round slice, of pineapple. The burger itself was very good. The meat was tender, and the lettuce was fresh. The Aloha sauce was more on the sweeter side, and it complimented the sweet-sour taste of the pineapple pretty well. The bacon was the key, it tied all the flavors together, without it, it would be a boring burger. The only complaint would be that I wished the pineapple slice would have been the same size as the one in the advertisement. But other than that, it was a good burger for a fast food joint.  Spam little big bite - A slider made from a sweet roll, with mayonnaise. This one was OK. The bun tasted very similar to a Hawaiian roll, but just bigger, and was coated with a light sprinkle of cornmeal. It was toasted as well. The spam was a little bit more salty than what I am used too, but it was OK. For 1$ each, it was a pretty good deal.  Halo-Halo - I think that almost every culture in the world has a version of a sweetened icy dessert. This one came with shaved ice, sliced fruits, red beans, fruit jelly, and flan. This version at Jollibee has a predominant coconut flavor, and is very refreshing. It was good.  For all 3 items I spent about 10.50. It was a good deal for the amount of food I received. The food was good, and so was the service.
The Jollibee stung me in the gut, and I'm still recovering! There's nothing mind-blowing about the food, it's just a fast food place that serves American food that's been tweaked to suit more Asian tastes. In addition to burgers, fries, and Asian style drinks like bubble tea, they offer crispy fried chicken (AKA Chicken joy! I do give them props for the amusing name) and spaghetti.   I tried the aloha burger combo and the halo-halo dessert. The burger tasted kind of like a McDonald's burger, except they stuck a pineapple inside of it. The fries were decent, and there's a self-serve soda fountain. Unfortunately one of the diet Pepsi machines was broken and it spurted out carbonated water on your hand in addition to the actual soda in the cup.  The halo-halo was OK, but whatever fruit was in it was very thready so when I first spooned out some of it, it looked like they had accidentally dropped some synthetic Barbie hair in it or something. The rest of the dessert was filled with shaved ice, 2 scoops of brightly colored ice cream, various sweet beans, jello chunks, and red bean paste.   There's enough seating to accommodate people during busy times, and they play Filipino TV while you're eating your meal.  My verdict? Meh, it's alright, but don't come in expecting a lot, because it's just fast food!
Love jollibee. Love the Yum burger, spagetti, and chicken.
UBE shake gets 5stars!!! Best shake that ever touched my lips. Not a fan of the spaghetties tho. The burgers are on point. And it's a lil pricey. It's good fun tho when I'm with my lil niece and nephews.
Affordable fast food that taste good and is pretty filling. They aren't always consistent with the crispiness towards the last hours of closing.   What's great is Dessert is right next door only 10ft from ordering.
I heard all my Filipino friends talk about Jollibee but never got around to trying it. I'm not saying it's bad, it's just more of an acquired taste type of thing... I might have also made the mistake of thinking that spam and spaghetti was a good idea. It tasted funny. That's all I'm saying. Kind of bland, the noodles weren't properly coked through so that didn't help either. I'm not sure why theres so much spam, I thought that was Hawaiian? Weird, anyways I took one bite and the rest into the trash.   The chicken which everyone reaves about was pretty meh. It was warm and crispy, but the coating was so thick and dough-ey. I'd much rather get KFC, which I've steered clear of for years. Service is really bad, I was asking questions and the girl at the cashier didn't really know the menu, hence I got all the weird and bad stuff.  Why Jollibee, Why. I'd maybe go back but it'd have to be with some Filipinos so they can educate me on the Jollibee culture.
So you wanna eat at Jollibee huh?  Coming from a Filipino, here's all you need to know. These guys are known mainly for their Fried Chicken, Sweet Spaghetti, Burgers, Hot Dogs and desserts. They have other items as well but these mentioned are what you will mainly see people eating when you go there. They also have all sorts of breakfast items as well but is only served during breakfast hours. Here is a link to their complete menu just in case you were wondering. http://www.jollibeeusa.com/menu.html  Whenever you see a Jollibee, in most cases you will see a Chow King and a Red Ribbon as well because all three are basically the same company. Now Chow King and Red Ribbon are completely separate reviews so lets talk about Jollibee.  Now why is it that most chains that originate from other countries just don't have the same appeal when they open locations abroad? I have always asked that myself. Could it be that something was "Lost in translation?" LOL.   Anyways, the most common reason people come here is for the crispy fried chicken that comes in either mild or spicy aptly named "Chickenjoy". Now to many non Filipinos, when they get their order for the first time, they are surprised that it comes with gravy. Ironically, they are even more surprised that it tastes good with it! I for one think of biscuits, ham, or turkey with gravy. But chicken? Hay, don't knock it til you try it.  As for their Spaghetti, its definitely not what you are used to. Filipino style Spaghetti is kind of a sweet style of ketchup with sliced American hot dog slices and ground beef. Again that seems like a weird combination but in most cases you will be pleasantly surprised.  As for the prices, well the last time I ordered it was two 8 piece buckets. One was spicy and the other was mild. Total came out to about 23 bucks and change. So it was 11 dollars a bucket. Why is it so expensive you ask? Beats me. The only thing I can think of is that there aren't too many Jollibees around and the fact that each piece of spicy chicken has to have a little "spicy" flag on it tells me they have one specific person that does that and only that all day. So that person needs to get paid. LOL.  Service? Well it's pretty much the same as whatever other fast food chains you would patronize. Obviously the more packed the place is, the longer you gotta wait for your food. I recommend to just call ahead and order to go so by the time you get there, wait times will be at a minimum.  Last but not least. Desserts. For these guys, its simple. You have one of three choices. Halo Halo, Pearl Coolers, and Crispy Deep Fried Pies.  Halo Halo (translated in English as "Mix Mix") - Shaved ice with evaporated milk, mixed with certain fruits, jelly, and flan, topped with a scoop of either Ube or Vanilla ice cream.   Pearl Coolers - These are basically smoothies with boba or tapioca pearls. They usually have several different flavors ranging from Ube to Avocado.  Pies - The best way I can describe these guys is remember when McDonalds used have their apple pies deep fried to a golden crisp? Well same set up here but different flavors. You got Peach Mango or Banana Langka  So overall an ok 3 star rating is my pick because the food is decent but a bit pricey. The fact that its a chain can significantly drop it to a 2 but these guys do a decent job of trying to serve the same authenticity as its original base in the Philippines.
I wish they offered something for the pescetarians (why do they no longer offer milk fish?) but my little meat eating family loves this place. My love can't stop eating the bugers and my teenager loves the chicken strips with mashed potatoes and gravy. I do love their french fries. I can't get enough of them. Only when their freshly made though. After sitting out for 20 mins, I'd much rather starve.
I love this place! There are a few items on the menu that aren't very good, however, that's why my rating is average. And I'm Filipina.   I would order the cheaper 6-piece bucket, it's more worth your money! Split it between your family or something. I love the chicken, the sweet potato fries, and the banana langka dessert pie--much better than the peach mango, in my opinion. Jollibee is pretty satisfying for Filipino fast food, I'm likely coming back, I'm way too Filipina not to.
What was I thinking going here?  Once you walk in, you're greeted in two different langues at the counter. If you don't respond in Filipino, they say hello in English. Ha.  Ordered a C1, the two piece with one side. Regardless, you will get rice. You have a choice of gravy, corn, and mashed potatoe. Got my food and it was all right. ***AIGHT. Nothing special.   The chicken was super breaded and pretty much meatless. I was all breading!  Other than that, this place was EH.
So if you're Filipino, you love this place.  If you have never been here, you probably think it's just aite.  Their signature dishes are the filipino spaghetti and the chicken joy with gravy and rice.  The spaghetti definitely reminds me of my childhood.  Slightly sweet tomato sauce with ground meat and hot dogs.  The chicken is awesome also.  Probably a safe bet to have your non-Filipinos try.  Skin is crisp and pairs well with the gravy.  And of course, like in true Filipino nature, you must eat it with the white rice.  This location is in the Filipino grocery store mecca and surrounded by other Filipino stores.  So there's tons of Filipinos. So Filipino transplants who've been deprived of this fast food will love it here.  This is the McDonalds of the Filipinos.  So if they are lucky enough to find a location, they/we definitely take advantage so we can get our fix.  Imagine if they took away McDonalds from your country.  Then on your vacation, you drive by a location.  Wouldn't you want to run in and order a 6 pc or Big Mac with fries? That's how it feels!  Love me some Jollibee!
The spicy chicken and rice I ordered was good but I also ordered a side of fries and it was very stale and cold. It tasted pretty nasty... So my dad went back to ask for another batch of fries and they gave him a beeper, we waited 40 mins only to find out the girl forgot that he asked for some new fries. lol, horrible customer service.
I grew up eating jollibee at the Philippines. It's nice to have one here in Vegas. Love their chicken and gravy. o n I can't stop by without ordering spaghetti.
Food that brings me back to memories of my childhood in the Philippines. Kind of took time for my take away order to be prepared. A couple of people behind me in the order line got their orders quicker - thus taking away 1 star.
I love love love their spaghetti. I can eat a whole tray by myself. They are always giving the right amount of sauce which is a big thing for me since i wont eat spaghetti if the pasta is more than the sauce. -_- plus they have hotdog bits in it!   and right amount of melted cheese. I just love it.   Their beef steak is pretty good too. They serve it with rice and gravy. You can order it with egg too if you want.   Their chicken is just amazing! Never dry and add the gravy... omg. Delicious! You can get this with rice or spaghetti.   It's never packed to the point that i cant find a seat. It's always clean and they serve it pretty fast. They even added a buzzer to let you know that your food is ready.  The price is not expensive but since a lot of their food and desserts here make you want to get them all, it kinda adds up in the end.
Spaghetti, Chicken Joy, Hamburger Steak, Yumburger... Can always satisfy my little, Filipino heart..  Brings back childhood memories..   Crispy-skinned chicken that comes with their oh-so-delicious gravy ; can be paired with rice, fries, corn, mashed potatoes, or sweet potato fries! Plenty of combination plates to choose from, ie. Chicken and Spaghetti!   And their infamous Yumburger-- great mayo / ketchup sauce, meat could honestly be better in quality, but I still like it.  Overall -- good, cheap, Filipino fast food!
Food was good, but they don't really listen to your order or say it back. So I didn't get my order correct. But again the chicken is good.
If you read my about me I have an absolute love for fried chicken combined with rice and jollibee is probably the reason for this.  Combining the epitome of soul food with arguably the best condiment what more could you ask for?  Jollibee is located inside seafood city and is difficult to miss considering its what you see when you first walk in.  They used to have a variety of different specials on particular days but they have since gotten rid of those deals. They have a flat screen tv that plays all the popular filipino dramas and shows which are honestly quite interesting if not humorous to watch.   I always go for the C3 which is made up of 2 pieces of chicken (thigh or leg but you can ask for two legs or two thighs) and two sides.  I always get two thighs, spicy with two sides of rice no drink which comes to about $5.95.  Their service is quick, so quick often times they hand me my order after i'm finish placing it lol.  Their filipino spaghetti is very good and honestly if they served better portions of it, i'd probably get it more often.    Halo halo isn't too bad but I normally go to chow king thats across from the restaurant (ask to take out the jelly, it tastes better without it in my opinion)  Overall this place is an awesome spot by school that's affordable and satisfying!
I fell in love with jollibees on one of my trips to Hawaii I found out that they are as popular in the Philippines as McDonald's is to America.  The good/skinny I have to say the burgers taste very different than what I am used to but man if you have an open mind you should def try it (I think) they make there burger meat using there world famous gravy (I go for the big aloha cause it has a pineapple in it) they also use a honey mustard for the sauce and the taste combo is amazing. The chicken is always perfect and taste fresh with a side of banana ketchup (has no taste of banana and is so tasty) the French fries are so good as well always taste fresh and perfect a must if you are in Las Vegas.  The bad  They don't offer the aloha hot dog which I loved in Hawaii I always ask just to make sure they know they should get it in. And sometimes it can take a while for food to come out but with all good food it takes time so I'm patient :-). This place is def worth it if your foodie like me and try the ketchup you only live once.
I never liked Jollibee when I studied in Baguio at SLU, but when you need some Filipino style cooking, you can't go wrong with this place. I especially love the Peach Mango Pie!!!! Their breakfast meals are great. The place can get a little crowded during rush hours, restrooms are useable, but the prices can be expensive. Otherwise it's worth driving the 300+ miles from AZ to eat here when we go to the Strip for a getaway.
Yea ok so I know this chain from LA as well. But when this opened up here. I'm not sure if the smell is that fantastic inside. If you're not used to filipino food. Go easy. Don't try the fish right away. Go easy - try the lechon, (crispy pork) or even the beef caldareta, maybe chicken or pork adobo, just don't hurt yourself. Pancit noodles and lumpia are always safe. Sometimes I eat here and I get sick from all the fatty stuff. So eat in moderation if you have the same problem. If you want a nice sit down filipino place - Try Salo Salo grill. Most of the places in town are buffet like. Thus a lot of times the food has been sitting...Hehehe I said thus....What a funny word.
Best Filipino Food in town. I was introduced to this great place by my best friend who's father when I was a teen used to make some flavor-filled dishes that woke both us up in the morning to a strong mouth-watering aroma that stinged your nose. But that very smell gave me the most greatest hunger. This place is very similar to how he used to cook his dishes for us.   They have a chain restaurants in CA also ( which I always go to) This is the only place I go when I have a craving for some authentic Filipino food... dishes like my favorite ground beef and veggies in a orange sauce or anything with chunks of meat in it with veggies.  My most favorite dish to get is the Pork Sinigang. It is thee best here. Soooo much kick in this soup... one spoon sip and you'll be gulping it down or putting it all over your rice. It's just the greatest tasting dish there. I cannot get enough of it. I usually take it to go in a big to go container and just enjoy the flavorful sour soup at home. It was a bunch of green beans, spinach or cabbage and chunks of pork meat in a tamarind base soup. If you don't like sour than skip this and try all the other great entrees.   There are so many to choose from and you just have to go with what looks good... well maybe not coz some dishes look messy and not that appealing but they sure taste delicious. Oh yea they also have this mango drink that I always get... very refreshing on a hot thirsty day. Don't forget the vinegar and garlic sauce that should be on the corner of the restaurant. It's an extra zig for your taste buds =)
The food here is alright. I had a two item combo with Kare-Kare and BBQ Chicken.  Kare-Kare - I definitely have had better. I thought it was bland. Also, you have the option to not have any tripe in your serving, which is kind of nice.  BBQ Chicken - This item was good. It is kind of like my mom's marinade, but obviously, I love hers better.   The lady who helped me was super funny. She kept calling me "baby." It made my experience interesting.  I am not sure if this place is the best in Las Vegas for Filipino food. I definitely will be trying other places first before I ever come back.
I was stuck in traffic on the strip - no surprise!  But, I was SO hungry after my flight that when I saw the word 'Bahay', I became so excited and did a jacked up turn to make it into the parking lot.    Stepping inside was like heaven.  Especially to a person delusional from hunger.  They have all the Filipino food you could imagine...honestly, it was that big of a selection.    After much debate, I decided on the kare-kare (ox-tail in peanut butter) and sinagang (tamarind broth soup).  With a heaping pile of steamed rice.  Under $10.  Deal alert!    The kare-kare was realllllly good.  (ALMOST as good as my mom's.)  You know how some places skimp out on the peanut butter?  Nope, not this place!  Peanut buttery goodness.    Sinagang, yum.  It had so many veggies and such a nice broth that it balanced the heaviness of the kare-kare.  I think I sat in the booth for a good 10 min after I was done eating. Food coma at its finest.
place has hot food that acutally is good. great for take out and dine in although the place is small so it fills up fast. nothing remarkable about the food being served. all are staples in a typical pinoy fare.
I'm such a coconut, but I really love my native cooking.  Unfortunately, every time I've asked a relative how to make certain dishes, they've told me they have no recipe, and that they cook "according to taste".  The funny thing is that no matter who makes the Filipino food I love so much, it tastes exactly the way it's supposed to taste!  My hockey teammate brought me here with her relatives, and as soon as I walked in, it felt like I was home with my dad.  I ordered the combo with rice, chicken adobo, and pansit.  I also ordered fried rice.  The portions were just like what I would have had at my family get togethers, meaning gimongous!  And it totally tasted like the pansit, rice, and chicken adobo my dad, aunt, and grandma made!  Yummy!  I was thrilled to see they have a restaurant in Anaheim, which actually is miles from where I live, but at least I know where to go if I'm craving Filipino food near Disneyland!  The strip mall they call Chinatown is kind of funny because I never thought there would be a large enough contingent of Asians to support Asian businesses in Vegas.  So cool to see this here.
They have balut.  The other food we had was pretty good too.
There are some standout dishes I've eaten here:  Kare Kare was actually pretty on when I went. The BBQ chicken sticks were yummy with the usually sweet Filipino glaze, but the chicken was juicy and not dry.   and some are just okay:  Beef steak was a bit too greasy last time.   Have not anything bad per se. I prefer Itoy Sariling Atin, but it's far. This is a more logical option to feed my moments where I just want my peoples food. Haha I'm probably one of the few Filipinos who don't cook at home AND eat out Filipino food for 90% of meals so I actually have Flip food cravings
I was in the Las Vegas Chinatown looking for food.  I could not decide what to eat.  Then suddenly I saw the sign "Filipino fast food".  I was really surprised. This was the last thing I expected to see in Chinatown, let alone Las Vegas.  Since there is a shortage of Filipino restaurants, I decided it was a no brainer to go to this restaurant.  The place was virtually empty, compared to the packed mediocre Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.  I was not impressed by the decor and ambiance of the establishment.  The food was fine.  The customer service was not warm, but fast and efficient.  I order the ground beef dish, sausages, and rice.  Overall, the food is less greasier than what I normally expect from Filipino food.  The sausage had less fillings and was more lean and sweet, from what I usually expect from Filipino food  in San Francisco.  It was different, but good.  If I am in the Las Vegas Chinatown again, I would definitely go to this place and try out some other dishes.
This place has been around for a while, at least over 9 years. You have to come here early enough to get the food while it's still fresh, otherwise they're just sitting under the heating lamps all day.   The food here is not the best Filipino food around town, but it is just OK. The bistek (beef steak) is a bit too chewy and a lot of the meat has a lot of fat. I know cooking meats with the fat is what makes the meat nice and juicy, but this is really overboard. You're pretty much just getting an order of the sabao (sauce) and onions with cooked fat!   I used to come here just to get the adobo pusit (squid) since they seem to be the only Filipino fast food place that serves it. But the last time I ordered it, it didn't taste the same. I'm not sure what it was, I think it was the way the sauce tasted. It was more watery than usual or something. Whatever it was, it was enough for me to tell myself not to order it anymore.   They also have some Filipino grocery items in the store. But beware, they are REALLY expensive! A bag of chicharon that costs $1.29 next door at Ranch 99, costs over $3.00 at Kapit Bahay! You'd think it would be a lot lower knowing its more than half the price right next door!   Overall, this place is....ehhhh... okay. I would rather go to another Filipino fast food before going here.
The food tasted ok. They didn't give enough food or enough rice; at least not for the price. However the place was clean and the staff was friendly. The taxi driver raved about it but he wasnt a pinoy so not exactly an opinion to take too seriously.   I had the caldereta which was tasty. The pusit was dry; like rubber. I barely touched it. I paid $24 for a group of four. It was ok. Not going back though.
Nice little turo-turo place.  Nothing like a ice cold glass for sago't gulaman in the blazing heat of Las Vegas.  The place was nice and clean.  Reminds of the ones in the Bay Area.  Their kare-kare is yum!  Reminds me of my mom's.    So Kapit Bahay...glad to have you as a neighbor.  Would definately come back for the drinks when I'm around your area.
$5.95 for a 2 item combo plate with rice. You cannot substitute rice with pancit.  Additional entree is $2.95....  I had the Adobong Pusit and barbecue grilled chicken. It was pretty good, but Adobong Pusit had too much oil.  I prefer Filipino food with less oil, but kind of hard to find since fat and oil is part of the culture...  Kapit Bahay is in the same hood as my office, so I would come back if I feel too lazy to drive up the street to Nanay Gloria's, want to spend the same price as Nanay's AYCE buffet and prefer more oil.
Some people may call me a hater but usually Im predisposed to think most Filipino food is too oily or too fried or too salty or some combo therein.  Kapit Bahay actually has proven me wrong.    Setup almost in a Panda Express style, there is a someone who dishes out what you  want from behind a glass partition.   Combo meals come with rice and can be substituted for pancit but in my opinion their pancit was nothing to write home about so keep your change.  All their options are relatively good.  Nothing will wow you and want to make you book the next flight to Manila but nothing will disappoint either.  The best of the bunch include the Chicken Adobo, Menudo, and Beef Caldereta.    Service is very friendly and approachable, which is what this gringo needs.   Another nice feature is they have their full menu prepared at opening at 9am, perfect if you need a lunch to go fast and don't want to deal with a soggy sandwich or janky fast food breakfast option elsewhere.   For under 5 dollars I can leave Kapit Bahay full every time...thats enough to make this hater put away his Hater-ade.
This place is drowning my food with canola oil! Yikes! Heart attack awaits me, if I continue to eat here!
They look full so I decided to give it a try.  People standing at a Panda Express set up line, order in a foreign language, so it is usually a good sign, that the food is authentic.  But when we order the sweet and sour pork, the lady behind the glass give us All fat pork.  A minute ago, I saw she spooned all lean pork from the same dish to a lady who obviously speak their language.  So that is a big turn-off, I am not coming back again.
I eat here quite often and it is delicious every time! My go-to order: the 2 item combo with a heaping scoop of rice, pancit & chicken adobo. If I'm feeling like I need a little extra, I order the shrimp & veggie lumpia.. they are seriously large and in-charge tho', so make sure u bring an appetite~!  The staff is super friendly and very quick! They also offer some take home goodies like ensaymada, puto, ube cake and more! This place definitely fulfills my Filipino food cravings!
IMO some of the best Filipino food in Las Vegas. Kapit Bahay has definitely become the Filipino restaurant that I compare other Filipino restaurants to. The food can be a bit on the oily side sometimes but I don't think its any different than sipping spoonfuls of clarified butter. What... doesn't everyone do that?
Hella hit the spot when needing Filipino food.  Reasonably priced, and wide selection from lechon pacsil (sp?) to longanisa to ampalaya to sinigang to chicken adobo to BBQ to caldereta... The list goes on.  Makin it hard for a girl to choose for a 2-item combo.... Dang, now I'm hungry.
Saw cockcroaches crawling on the floor. And there was hair on my togo when I got home. Threw the food into the trash
I am Filipino  and I know what is a true authentic Filipino dish - and the food at this place comes close to how my parents cook their traditional dishes (ok, maybe their dishes may not contain as much grease, but the taste reminds me of home cooked meals). I am honestly shocked at the lower ratings because this has to be one of the better Filipino restaurants I have tried. And trust me, I am a VERY picky eater. I have nothing to complain about. The food is great tasting, its cheap, and it's fast.
Food here was really good or was i just really hungry and extremely buzz from the marquee day club pool party..but other than that, the prices were reasonable..big portion..they hook it up! i forgot what i had..i think it was menudo and pork adobo..gggggreasy goodness..served over a bed of rice..i think it came out to under $5..parking here is a bit packed..especially during the night scenery..but overall..amazing filipino food..until next time
I just finished eating and it will be my last. The skinny middle aged woman was has the worst customer service ever. She was so rude and forgot to give me my second scoop of rice, but I didn't complain because I will never come in here again, food was okay but I had better and better customer service.... stay away from this place. Nanay Gloria's or itoy sariling atin is better
Went in for breakfast this morning,  food served was not at proper temperature.  Seems to have been day old food reheated.  The steam rice tasted spoiled.  Would never go back to this place again.
Chicken adobo and rice. My favorite dish. Unfortunately they only serve fried rice in the morning, I came in the late afternoon with my wife so we missed out. I would have to rate the chicken adobo a 2 out of 5 stars; bland taste better off getting some mama sita adobo packets and making it at home. Otherwise nice and clean mom and pop shop, my wife and I can barely feel the ac so expect to get a little moist now that it's summer. I paid with a credit card which added just .50 cents to my meal so your better off bringing cash. Hostess very nice and caring just like an auntie should be. It's right next to the Chinese mall and grocery store. So after you eat stretch out your stomach and walk around and see more restaurants and small shops and plenty of foot massage locations.
I've been going to Kapit Bahay for quite a few years now...at least since 2006 or earlier and the great thing is that I can always count on consistency in great comfort food (Pork Sinigang for me)and friendly service with a smile.    I've tried other great Filipino Restaurants but keep coming back because it feels like coming home to eat.    Plus the variety of dishes you'd want is here which give you lots to choose from.    Whenever I have my Mom & Lola come into town to visit I know they will always find something to satisfy their appetite.  Today I ordered some Lumpia Shanghai for my company's Potluck party tomorrow.  I look forward to sharing with my colleagues a little piece of my culture with a favorite dish from my favorite Filipino Restaurant to eat at.
If you want Filipino food and you opted to hit Spring Mtn. Rd. instead of going to Maryland Pkwy, then this is the place to go. It's a cute little corner turo-turo (point point) fast food joint and the food is prepared decently. A downside is that their portions are little and it's hard to find a spot to sit here so don't bring a big crowd or go during peak hours.
Honestly, I've had better turon.   Turon.. what is that? It's a fat looking ripe banana that is wrapped in .. wrapper like a pig in a blanket. It is deep fried and then covered with caramelized sugar. There is also jackfruit inside of this crunchy concoction. I recommend eating Turon, but maybe buying it from another place.
Rude! F u mean filipino lady behind the counter talking behind my back in tagalog.  I'm Filipino, duh. WORST service. Mediocre food. Halo halo sucks.
its ok pinoy food it will never beat your mom or your tita's food but if you have an itch its not the worse fast food pinoy stuff in the world but certainly not something im not going to write home about...
The food was greasy & over priced for 2 items was almost $10. I only tried it because of the other reviews & was disappointed with taste, selection of food & price.
This is not a fancy place. It's a fast food Filipino joint that serves you up a good one or two item plate at a good price. I think some people are expecting the world by looking at some of these reviews. The food is pretty good and authentic tasting. I actually like it a lot. My favorites are the fried pork cracklins with meat attached, chicken and pork adobo and the beef steak with onions. I've been here with quite a few different people, also have been to the one at the Hawaiian market. I think the place is a hit or miss with people because of the authentic nature as compared to what you're going to get at Panda Express. I'm not a big microwave looking food eating kind of guy. I like real food that looks like it was cooked from atop a stove. I think this place grows on people, as it has on a few people I've gone with. Their reviews were so so maybe on a two star level after a first visit. But two different people, after trying it out with me a first time and being at a level two, ended up asking me if I wanted to eat at "MY" Filipino place. Which to me tells me both these individuals were not really at a two star rating. After a second visit I would estimate their star rating to be at a 3.5 to a 4. You kind of just have to give it a shot for yourself and don't be thrown off by the authentic look.. not all fast food joints have to cook their food in a microwave and have that rubbery consistency that a lot of people have come accustom to.  On another note, when I first use to go to Kapit.. the customer service wasn't the greatest. Now either I've been there so many times that they have warmed up to me or they have caught on that giving good service is a good business practice.. i don't know. For whatever it's worth, the food at the price was impressive enough for me to come back for more and I think if you give it a shot, you'll feel the same way. If you give it a 2 star rating, try it a second time and see if it has grown on you. It may take a visit or two to appreciate the authentic nature of the food.
No one was in the restaurant when we drove up and we saw the waitress swatting flies and decided that that wasn't a good sign.
The food here is actually decent, but nothing to gloat about. If im in the area and craving filipino food i'll drop in sometimes. I awayse get there chicken curry and mung bean stew, it alwayse hit the spot!  Ive tried many of there other dishes, some is good and some is bad, but for some reason i alwayse end up ordering the same thing haha. The Service is ok, typical of any asian restaurant haha. The best part about Kapit is probably the parking lolz theres plenty of it. I would love to rate kapit bahay alittle higher but they need to change up there menue alittle more. I remember coming here a few days in a roll and the menue was the same, after awhile you get kinda burned out haha.  Overall, Food is decent, service is ok but parking is great! Haha
Food is okay. Customer service is poor. I called today to ask if they are selling DXN coffee, a lady answered the phone she said "yes, I am busy. " I asked how much and she replied, " I'm not sure it's in my computer just come here for the price." VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERViCE!!!! She need some telephone etiquette, she answered the phone improperly And rude!
I had a chance to try their food today (12-28-13) it was nasty and bad service..i don't recommend this to our kababayan please save your time and money and try CAFE MODA on 3400 south Jones blvd.
Lechon here is so good , yummy ! ! !
On this day, a good friend and I went shopping. But not just any kind of shopping. Today was a day of shopping for Asian foods, beauty products and medicinal herbs. What a day! Foods, creams and spices I've never heard of. I just took it all in. When we were finished, I was definitely hungry! Right next door was Kapit Bahay. I was definitely excited to try it out as I LOVE Filipino food.   When you walk in, you're definitely taken to a blast in the past, it seems like.  The walls were faded canary yellow, the tiling, tables and chairs were definitely outdated, to say the least. In the corner, the restaurant also doubled as a mini mart, selling snacks and goodies specific to the Philippines. The counter reminded me of a Filipino version of Panda Express. Most of the food was already prepared and lined up ready to order. The two ladies that were working the counter was a bit strange to me.  On one hand, they were super nice, but they had no patience! It was almost like I was expected to know everything and what I wanted. I felt a little rushed so I just chose the two items that I could pick out right away.   For lunch, I got the 2 choice combo for $6.50.  I'll definitely give them that.  The price is affordable and very attractive to the audience. For my choices, I got the Pork Adobo and the Lechon. Pork Adobo is a pork cooked in soy sauce, vinegar and other spices. For this choice, it tasted like the adobo was sitting out for a while.  The meat was super dry and chewy.  The broth was also way too oily for my taste, but had a nice flavor to it, not too salty. The lechon was also a turnoff for me.  Lechon is roasted pork, including the skin and fat. This lechon tasted like it was under the heat lamp for a long time.  The meat was way to hard to chew through. I ended up abandoning that side, when all said and done.  At the end of our meals, my friend and I agreed that this wasn't the best of the best. I could tell some of the choices were really authentic, however, I think they need to rotate their food a little more so we (as customers) are getting the best of what they have to offer. Living on the other side of town, the best way I can put it is that fact that I probably wouldn't make a special trip to this restaurant if ever craving Filipino food.  Especially when there are other great joints along the way.
pan de ube and the ube roll...off the hook...must try...cheap and fresh...  everything else, especially the pan de sal seemed to be fresh since they were constantly stocking the shelves...and i made 2 trips there in 1 weekend...  cash only, so be prepared...but it's vegas...who isn't carrying cash with them?..haha
I prefer the Pan De Sal of Valerio's over Goldilock's.   If you're looking for excellent Filipino breads and baked goods, look no further!  You'll find what you're looking for at Valerio's.  Conveniently located at the Seafood City Shopping Center on S. Maryland Parkway in Vegas, it's like being back in Manila with ChowKing, Jolibee, and Valerio's all within shouting distance of each other.  Everything is new, clean, and great quality.  pix laters...
Not as good as Goldilocks or Red Ribbon. The baked goods are alright and they have various types of breads and pastries. The last time I shopped here, the cashier was a quite unfriendly and rude.
Delicious! Although, I need to admit that I don't have much knowledge of Filipino baked goods...but I know what tastes good, and Velerios is good.  I highly recommend the Sio Pao and the Chicken Pan de Sal. Nice staff and good food.
A pandasal is a pandasal...But this bakery has the best Turon I have ever had...For you that don't know what it is...It's a banana and jack fruit eggroll fried with a glaze on it...Just YUMMY...
The very first time I tried these breads & pastries was when I visited Seattle a few years back...now everytime I visit, I always have to  stop by and bring home those delicious breads.  It also became my daughter's favorite..  On our way to Seafood City looking for "Magic Sarap", a condiment that I find so hard lookin for in New York, I saw Valerios, and I was so delighted I called my daughter and she said ...Mom buy some before you leave so they will still be fresh when you arrive....  I bought so much of different  breads/pastries/native cakes  that I had to have a second luggage!!! It was all worth it...Everybody enjoyed everything....I hope they open one here in New York soon....
Quick (short version) story: Friends and I went to vegas. One friend's parents called in an order 24 hours in advance, and said friend was not allowed to pack very much in his suitcase because he had to have enough room for all of the bread purchased from this bakery.  This is definitely not a place any las vegas partygoer would be able to find...because it is about 20 minutes? off the strip.  Decided to accompany my friend over to this bakery because there was so much hype surrounding his order...the staff here are quite nice and will take the time to explain what their most popular breads are and what's in them (even though ingredients are all listed on the packaging).  I got the "siobao" which is very similar to a cha shu pork bun that you could get from dim sum spots, but larger and not necessarily with that same style of bbq pork.  Also tried a red bean bread and that was tasty as well.  Quick Tip:  1) Cash Only 2) Located next to a seafood supermarket 3) Their most popular breads appear to be immediately to the left, on top of the refrigerators
The pandesal & bread's are good but if u don't eat their other stuff right away like this cassava cake I bought a day ago, u might find yourself w/ a molded dessert. The 1st day I got it & tried it, I thought it tasted ok. Nothing special like my mom's or aunts homemade ones. I was gonna eat it the next day cuz I hate to waste, but then it got molded. Probably a good thing for me. Saved me from eating something that wasn't all that good.  I didn't think their sweet rice cakes were all that either.   On one of the reviews, I read about this bakery, it said something about the turon being good in which I agree.   The staff seems friendly & helpful but I just wasn't satisfied w/ the taste & texture of their desserts. Maybe cause I'm Filipina & I lived there for a couple years when my dad was stationed in Clark Air Force Base so when it comes to Filipino food, I'm hard to please.
I might be finicky when it comes to Filipino food, but there is one thing that I cannot resist but getting from time to time. I love my Ube and Pan De Ube is one of those items I yearn for. While some of the other items tend to be too sweet for me, I do like the Pan De Sal. A simple breakfast of this bread, fried eggs, and sausage makes me reminisce about my time in the Philippines.   I agree with other Yelpers who say that the items do not tend to last long. Overall, I would recommend to buy enough to eat that day. This is difficult because most of the breads come in a generous amount.
One word - Turon.  If you don't know what that is, you're totally missing out. My BF is Filipino and we stopped in one day when we were heading to Seafood City. Good thing we did because we plan on buying about 20 Turon for Super Bowl dessert. It's the best we've had in Vegas and LA for that matter!
They have really good biko and puto. The prices are decent. They accept credit card if you spend more than $10, otherwise cash is king. Small size bakery, that can get crowded quickly. My family loves the turon, although I think that it is diabetes deep fried. The items last about a day, and seem to quickly downhill. The puto if left out, will mold, which is not pleasant. Other than that nice filipino bakery by Seafood City.
Big selection of Filipino pastries and desserts. Everything looks so good. We always try to visit here on our trips to Vegas.
Valerio's is the closest to what the actual Filipino pastries are like. When I need my pan de sal or pan de coco this is where I go. They have some of the best turon's I have ever had, and I am picky when choosing my Filipino bakeries.
It's always a pleasure to walk into Valerio's to see the yummy traditional Filipino baked goods they have. I always come here for pan de ube and wheat pan de sal. The prices are fair and today when my husband and I went, we saw that they finally accept card methods of payment! :) Yay.
Filipino or Cornfed American, I challenge you to walk in to Valerio's and come out empty handed.  I do not think that it is possible.  They have ensaymada in a few different flavors the size of my head! They have fresh Spanish rolls, cheese bread, and countless other delectable goodies!  The staff here is friendly and if you ask nicely they will go get you warm fresh pandesal.  I have not yet visited the Philippines but in my mind, it is going to be filled with amazing little corner bakeries like Valerio's!!
Everything in the store is made fresh everyday. Siopao is great, they have the cheese rolls. lathered in cream cheese and cream cheese icing. Super sweet, super good. they also have turon, pan de coco, and ube, and cheese pimiento bread. So many different varieties to choose from. When you are looking for a great place for baked goods, there is nothing better than Valerio's, for authentic filipino pastries. Also check out their version of american cheese rolls. crispy flaky dough, stuffed with cream cheese. One of my favorites. I thought they only accepted cash, apparently they accept debit now, didn't bother to look when i went in a couple days ago.
I have to say that when it comes filipino pastries Valerio's is the way to go! Maybe a month ago I probably would have knocked a star for only accepting cash, but now they accept credit cards! An extra star for convenience! There are so many great pastries to choose from! From prepackaged to fresh off the oven pastries!   Looking for a quick lunch on the go? I'd suggest their bread rolls filled with pork, chicken, and beef asado or adobo. It's really just like a sandwich in a roll.   When it comes to their sweet delights, I'm a sucker for their bibinka, spanish bread rolls, and their cheese rolls! But! If you're craving for these delights as soon as their open, come disappointed because they're usually not freshly offered until 12 noon, or mirienda time (which is snack time in tagalog!). Their cheese rolls are filled with this cream cheese like filling with a soft, sweet, and slightly sugary outter dough. The spanish bread is a soft bread roll with a nice butter and sugar filling inside. A decent combination of bread and sugar to steer you away from diabetes or an overly sweet explosion. It's just right! The bibinka is also good! Soft breading, enough cheese, and just the right amount of salted egg slices (bibinka ain't bibinka without the salted egg slices. It's all about the slices.)   Their empenada's, siopao, and pan de sals are great too! Best part about their pan de sals is that they come in regular, cheese, and whole wheat for variety!   Prices for the freshly baked goods in the casings usually range from $0.75 to $2 s which i think is a good deal for an afternoon snack! Prepackaged goods are also at a decent price ranging from $3 and up with a decent amount of pieces in them,
Pastries!  Not looking for one but we just happened to pass by this Seafood City location which had Valerio's. Not wanting to pass up some yummy breads and pastries we came back for it and bought Spanish bread and cheese rolls... I've only gone to one other location here in Cali, located in Vallejo, and love the smell of fresh cooked/baked pan-de-sal bread and pastries! Now we know where to go when here in Vegas! :)
I love ube anything. For those that do not know ube is purple yam, not to be confused with a purple potato. It's different texture, different taste and unlike the purple potato it really retains a bright purple color. Now, us Filipino's like Ube anything. Bread, cookies, ice cream, candy, chips, you name it - they probably make it in Ube too.  Now that you are a little bit more familiar with Ube, let me tell you about these Ube Rolls they make. They are always in the glass case and sell for only $0.75 each. Man, oh man. If you catch these freshly made, they are soft and moist and topped with butter and sugar (never a bad thing) and filled with the most delectable ube inside. It is just barely sweet but you have the sugar and butter on top to balance it out.   Ube doesn't sound like the thing for you, you can't go wrong with their cheese rolls also sold for $0.75 each as well. These rolls do not hold up long so I suggest only buying one or two, and then plan on consuming within the next day or two.  They also have a pretty solid siapoa there. A couple of different varieties but I always go with the chicken. It's bun is soft and sweet and moist and the inside is super flavorful. They come in a package of four and as long as you keep in the fridge, they hold up pretty well.   Now let's talk about the true staple in every Filipino's household - Pan De Sal. The perfect bread for breakfast or dinner. They are good but would be great if they carried the mini size I love so much more.  They also carry puto and every other traditional pinoy bread item you can think of. This is great place to go for fresh, authentic product.  Definitely a must try.  Dang it. Now I am craving me some Ube Rolls.
I love pandesal.  Their fresh pandesal is awesome.  My mom came to visit me from the east coast where there are other filipino bakeries, but they don't make as much as this place does.  She loved the pan de ube.  Now that I think about it, I want some pandesal right now. haha!
This is the place to be to pick up your Filipino pastries.  My mother in law loves to pick up Pandesal from here.  Me, I always get the Ube filled one.  Shame on me, I don't know the name.  I seriously don't bother to look at the name, I just know what it looks like.  I look for a buttered up bread that says Ube. Seriously, a must try.  If you drink coffee, ooooh weee, it compliments it.    Siaopao, or manapua us islanders call it, is delish here and they have all types of fillings.  Chicken, pork, red bean, and more, they even have the baked typed too.    Its a really tiny place.  Every time I go in there, there is a line.  Not long at all, but it shows how small of a place it is.  Peruse, and indulge in the culture!
Delish baked goods, but the customer service is not up to par. In all honesty, I understand that it's a small shop but if the cashier didn't ring up or bag the items I placed in front of her, there has to be something wrong, right? I've experienced this more than a few times. I went back because I liked the baked goods and it's conveniently located next to Seafood City after grocery shopping.  In my opinion, customer service will make or break your business.  I like their baked goods, so I will continue to go here, I will update my review the next time I go here.
If you are looking for Filipino pastries and grandma ain't around to whip it up, Valerio's is good option.  Red Ribbon is usually my spot, but has been getting a little mainstream these days.  Both are still good IMO.    I never was really a sweets gut till I met my fiance, now I cannot resist getting the ube filled buns and couple of bags of pandesal.  This place also has siopao, the Filipino version of manapuas for my tropical peeps and baos for my Chinese kin.  The fillings are slightly different too and more closely related to Chinese style.  Oh and the ensemadas are on point as well.  Hard to overcome the urge for good old fashioned homeland cooking.  The trick is to buy ube ice cream and make an ice cream sandwich with the whole wheat pandesal, bam!  Instant Bliss Baby!    Not much more to say about this place...they got you traditional bibingka, puto, buko rolls, cassava cake, leche flan, etc.  But if you are looking for halo halo, tapioca or ginataan, you may need to go elsewhere.  They may offer it at Chow King and Jollibee just around the corner inside Seafood City.  The place is real small and can only access it from the outside and is not connected to Seafood City.    The staff is friendly, but just be cultural aware that if you are one of them, the language barrier and other cultural issues can lead to miscommunication.  I hate reading reviews where people harp about the poor customer service, yet, they are simply culturally insensitive to the way things are and expect things to be how they want it to be, i find that so selfish...you know the whole, "well you live in the U.S....learn to speak English!" mentality that is so common amongst Westerners.  Try moving to a different country and understand why they want to cut your head off on live TV...oops, its getting...its getting...its getting kinda hectic.  On a final note, ube ice cream + pandesal = peace.
Every time I come back I always make a trip to Valerios! The shop is tiny and it can get super crowded, but if you don't mind waiting it won't be a problem. My must haves are: hopia baboy, pandesal, ube roll, ube kalamay, and turon. I loveeee their ube roll! It is so good and I love the fact that they are not stingy with the ube!! Oh but I will say that lately their ube kalamay has no flavor...oddest thing because not too long ago it was really good...Hopefully it goes back to the way it was.
Fan of their Breads. If you like Empanadas, they have chicken!.
I've been looking for a Filipino Bakery since I moved here from FL. I'm so glad I finally found one! I am not Filipino but in FL I use to go to the bakery on the weekends to get  fresh Siopao. This reminded me of back in FL. It was hot and fresh and to me it was really delicious. I also tried this bread that had sweetened coconut in it and a type of sweet frosting (forgot the name...sorry!) on the top that was also really yummy. It actually reminded me of a Caribbean pasty my mom use to make. So that reminded me of back home in NY with my moms great cooking. : ) I really liked this place. The service was really kind and helpful too. I look forward to going back and trying more things.
I love this bakeshop because we used to buy 'pandesal and ube" bread here all the time. I tried their cheese bread and pimiento bread like four months ago & it was awesome. So everytime I have the chance to stop by and buy some pimiento and cheese-like bread (talking about like the ube bread they're selling) its always sold out. There is this one time that Iam able to get 1 pack each but I got so disappointed because there's no cheese inside the bread..but there's cheese outside :-( .. so I thought maybe the baker just forgot to put some inside and he thought he did so I let it passed... then just yesterday I got the chance to get another pimiento bread and Iam eating it right now... well there are pimiento again on the outside of the bread when u looked at the plastic pack..iam so excited to get the first bread on top but to my dismay..as I was chewing it,oh my the first bread totally doesn't have a cheese..inside and out :-( so I threw it).. now my 2nd bread , theres cheese outside and inside..it was totally good..on my 3rd bread,only cheese outside and nothing inside... and this bread per pack are almost $4.. im not gonna crave for this anymore because I felt that I was DECEIVED for the second time with this bakeshop.  For the owner and manager:  just a piece of advice... if you like to keep your customer.. please maintain the quality of the bread even if the prices get higher that's ok because the customer will understand that but if the quality got low and not as expected as before you will lose us and your business.
Ordered some Bibingka. Some people could make this at home, but in this case, who got time for that when you could buy it and won't have to leave your kitchen a mess and there's no dishes to wash. I don't mind the price, and the Bibingka was a good size for 2.xx. We even asked for some extra coconut flakes, free of charge. I'm always a satisfied customer here.   The only reason I gave this place a 4/5 stars because it's not too big. You either come here before shopping for groceries or after. But if you go after groceries, the cart has to either stay outside or force it to be inside in case some stranger try to steal your food. In our case, this is our place to shop after groceries and we always bring in our cart regardless how crowded it gets.
I used to come here almost every week just to get pan de sal and of course, buy other stuff with it like pimiento spread and leche flan. I also liked their chicken and asado pan de sal. Now I come once a month, if that. Why? The quality of their bread is not the same! More often than not, the pan de sal is hard and dry. The chicken and asado pan de sal have dark brown - almost burnt- crusts, from being left in the oven too long. By the time I get home and it has cooled, it becomes hard. I have mentioned this to them  every time I visit but nothing has changed. Other stuff I buy - mini siopao and hopia. Have you noticed they also raised prices? I think I'll look around for a new bakery.
Nice choice for Filipino fast food!
I have been to DJ Bibingkahan's twice while visiting Vegas from San Diego.  The first time I was so overwhelmed!  The amount of food you get for the price is awesome.  Really good food and not too greasy like a lot of other places.  I was craving Lechon Kawali and theirs did not disappoint... you know how at some places the lechon sauce is either too bitter or just gross?  DJ's was good.  Each time we've been there the place was always packed, but the service was still good.  Will be going back next time we're in Vegas.
Dang, I'm so FILIPINO!  My friends and I always try to go here when we're craving for Filipino food, and we're in the area. Great Filipino food for the price. It reminds me of the one back home! We always get the combo plate with two entrees and rice. If you eat in, you usually get a bowl of soup, which is usually nilaga. Too fatty if you ask me; one sip of the soup put a layer of oil on the top of my lip! YUCK, grease mustache!  One thing to watch out for here is your cholesterol! Geez! You should see the fat swimming in it! hehhe I guess that makes it good, right?   The line could get long here during lunch time, but it tends to move fast. Also, you can have ulam to go if you don't want to cook at home! The prices are not too bad, so you don't have to cook when you get home!  Salamat, DJ Bibingkahan for always satisfying my craving for Filipino food! I just wish the dishes had more veggies...
FILIPINO!  FILIPINO!  This place is Wo-Wo-Wee!  Being Filipino, you would have thought I would have discovered this place while I was at UNLV because it's only a few blocks down on Maryland.  I didn't eat here till after I graduated from college.  Now this place is a staple for me.  You want some good, authentic Filipino food?  Grease and all?  Go here!  This place is so awesome!  When you step inside you will notice that all the food is behind the glass guard, and you ask for items just like in your local school cafeteria.  You start in the line with your tray and wait to get to the food line for your choices.  I usually get greeted with, "Hoi nakong, what do you want to eat?"  Hehe, just like my grandma back in the day.  They have so many choices it's hard to pick your favorites.  Most people just pick 2 or 3 entrees to go along with your MOUND of steamed white rice.  You got daily choices from:  -Pancit Palabok and Pancit Bihon -Bangus (so yummy with vinegar!) -Lumpia Shanghai -Pork or Chicken Adobo -Dinuguan, Kare-Kare -Roast Lechon (gimme the crispy skin) -Beef Steak -Longanisa -Pinakbet  There's lots more!  They even got BBQ sticks and stir fry for you less adventurous Filipinos.  So good....and with your entrees you get your choice of soup!  Nilaga or Sinigang....so good for cutting into the fatty pork dishes and balancing them out.  It truly is a must have with your food.  Add me some Jufran (Filipino banana ketchup), vinegar, soy sauce, and Filipino All Purpose Sauce (no joke, that's what it's called...it's for the lechon) and I'm all set!  Best of all...2 entrees, rice, and soup only set you back $4-$6 depending on what you get!  Talk about enjoying your culture!  Wash it all down with a Boba drink or some soda...there's even a complimentary ice and water dispenser for you to use.  They do catering events as well.  At the end of the line where you pay, they even have some baked good for you to eat there or take home.  They have puto (yum yum with cheese), and other things like bibingka.  You can also order a freshly-made Halo-Halo with all the fixins' for dessert!  So good with the shaved ice on a summer day!  For those not in the know, Halo-Halo ('Mix Mix' in Filipino) is a concoction with coconut, beans, corn, and jackfruit among other things and is topped with shaved ice, and evaporated or condensed milk.  Go wiki it, it tastes a lot better than it might look.  That Dale guy on Top Chef: Chicago made a version of it on the show.  Place isn't fancy or anything, but at least it's clean and tidy most of the time.  There's usually a guy walking around cleaning up all the plates and such.  But the folks working there are generally really nice and willing to help you out with the names of dishes.  Knowing a little bit of the Filipino language (Tagalog or Ilocano) but isn't necessary.    Get your authentic Filipino eats here, you won't be sorry!  So MASARAP!
Dammmmn, I'm so glad I'm in Vegas right now cause I shot off some machine guns today and tomorrow, I get to go to DJ Bibigkahan for lunch!    It's my birthday and I'm in Vegas... now I get to have the best Filipino food at the most amazing prices ever!  This place is SO much better than the other Filipino options, I only tried the others 1 time and never went back.  It isn't a 'nice' restaurant but it's quick, cheap and DELISH!  See ya there!
One of my favorite eating spots in Las Vegas.    I've been to other Filipino restaurants in LV and this one by far surpasses them all.  This cafeteria style restaurant has the largest selection of Filipino cuisine.  Think of any Filipino dish....and they will have it!  It can be pretty overwhelming at first because there are just too many dishes to choose from.  I recommend going with more than 2 people so you can share different dishes.    I usually go here during lunch and I'll be full until way after dinner.  Their two-item combos are killer with large servings...and for less than $5, you'll be more content here than eating at a more expensive restaurant on the strip.  Make sure they serve your dishes in separate bowls so you can share them around the table.  Here are just a few flavorful dishes that I've enjoyed here throughout the years:  Laing Chicken Adobo Lechon Kuwali  Kare Kare  Pork Adobo Chicken Apritada Paksiw na Pata  Menudo BBQ chicken  Beef Caldereta Sinigang na Baboy Palabok Pinakbet Dinuguan  Halo Halo  ....and that's only scratching the surface.  They have more items laid out....all nice and hot.  Oh and let's not forget...they offer Nilaga soup with your dine-in order (by the cashier).    Service is good...never had a problem with that.  However, cleanliness can sometimes be questionable.  The cheap prices and wide variety of great tasting authentic Filipino food explain why I've never seen this restaurant without a line.  But don't worry, the line goes pretty quick....especially when you're having trouble deciding what two items to get.  If you're ever stuck in that rut, go ahead and get three items!  Just don't expect to eat again until the next day.
I'm sorry, I hate to do this but, I'm 95%sure DJ's gave me food poisoning last Sat.  The reason I know... cause I'm the only one who ate the squid... everything else through-out the day was shared family-style with my friends.  I was sick, sick, sick... you don't want details.  Also, they've raised their prices... a lot.  I was bragging to all my friends about how great DJ's was and how it'd only run us 5-6$ per person... almost everyone spent @ 10$.  :*(   Plus they were 'out' of our favorite orange soda.  Nobody else really complained but, what a wreck of a group lunch outing!  DJ's let me down in several ways.  Won't see ya there anymore!
I don't really like eating out at Filipino restaurants when I know that I can get better-tasting food at home, but when you don't feel like cooking, this is an awesome place to go. I love their bopis and laing! I don't live in the Vegas area, but I always make sure to come here when I am in the area and when that Filipino food craving hits me.
I'm sorry, but I will have to give them one less star from my original rating. So why do you ask? It is plain and simple.   The name of the place is "BIBINGKAHAN", yet there was no BIBINGKA! Ok fine there was none available in the morning. So you will have some later right? Nope, how bout tomorrow? Nope. Well that sums it up, 1 less star Mr. DeeJay.   We are not from Las Vegas, so it made this situation a bit more sour. Oh well, maybe next year Mr. DJ.  Despite the shortcomings of the main reason we visited this place, the rest of the experience has been positive.  Restaurant has a great location. The dining room space is huge! Never do you feel cramped. You line up cafeteria style and pick what you want.  There are so many choices to pick from. All the Filipino favorites!  2 items w/rice is $5.50. 1 Item is $4.50 if I can recall. The portions are huge. I could not finish my 2 item meal. It also comes with soup.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant is clean. The food was comparable to other Filipino places, one has to keep in mind that owners of these places make popular Filipino dishes their own way. So one place might make it how you like it, while the other you will not. So it is purely subjective. But no complaints from me.   Unfortunately no sell serve fountain soda drinks. But there is self serve water. Utensils in plastic and silverware.   This seems like a very popular place for the Filipino locals, because people were constantly raking in.   I would've gave them 5 full stars if the place was true to their name being a Bibingkahan. But other than that, I have only good things to say about this place. Now how come we don't have Filipino places like this here in the Bay Area.
Lots of choices that is for sure. This place has decent food but sometimes it is a bit too oily but then again that is how the cuisine is based on.   Filipino food is great. However, it is never pleasant to the eyes. They never have bibingka when you want it.
-mga kababayan ko, dapat lang malaman nyo, bilib ako sa kulay ko ako ay.....pilipino -o di va? an sarap naman! tapos gusto ko yun kapeterya style na turo-turo! -may handang tumulong sa yo at kumuha ng order mo, walang mabagal na hintay -an daming pagpipilian, as in super -buti di ako nakatira sa las begas, siguro tataas cholesterol ko dito =MURA NA MASARAP PA! TSIBUGAN NA, TAGAY PA!
Okay....since my last review, the prices did go up....about a dollar or so.  But still is worth every dime!  For the amount of food they gave me on my last visit, I still felt like a winner.....a full winner!   Compared to most Filipino restaurants, they still have the largest selection, and they are still generous in portions...enough to share.     I love visiting this restaurant.  It brings me back to the Philippines with their delicious authentic food and TFC on the tube!  Wowoweee!
Everytime my family comes to vegas, we eat at dj bibingka. It's good for families because it's cafeteria style & everyone can get what they want for a good price. Service is good & selection is excellent. They serve your food with a lot of rice, so for sure you'll be full.
If you plan a trip to Vegas and love filipino food, you must try DJ's. It's a turo-turo style restaurant and they have a WIDE selection of filipino dishes like lechon kawali, kare kare, pinakbet, pancit, dinaguan, caldereta, adobo, laing, bulaklak, etc... The list goes on! The dishes are kept well stocked since they have to accommodate long lines of people at a time. the food is never just sitting there very long because of the constant traffic they get throughout the day.  for about $6 you can get 2 entrees with rice along with their complimentary sinigang soup.  If you are a true filipino, it would be wise to get an extra order of rice. it's only 50 cents. For low carbers,,, you have no business eating here (just kidding)  Don't forget to order their melon drink or sago at gulaman! It's all good!  If you still have room at the end of your meal, try the halo-halo. You won't regret it. Instead of getting a scoop of ice cream on top, you get lecheflan instead. Mmmm!  Forgot to mention the entertainment...while you eat, you can watch the TFC channel on their flat panel TVs'. It's funny!  But seriously, I've been to many filipino restaurants around Vegas and this, by far, is the best!
Ok this is the reason I am giving them one star. We are not from Las Vegas, we're from the Bay Area, CA. We regularly go to Vegas and frequent this place.   The place is called DJ "BIBINGKAHAN", but where is the motha-f-ing BIBINGKA?   We went here 3 times in a span of 1 year and half. EACH AND EVERY TIME, they did not have BIBINGKA. We even mentioned that we were in town for a few days and would like to order one. They could not accommodate that request. This recent 3rd trip here, they still did not have the very product their place is named after. We told the person up front, in TAGALOG even, that you should change the name of the place.  Sorry, but after 3 times, and 500+ mile drive back and forth, I have a reason to complain.
If you're craving filipino food in Vegas, visit DJ.  I like how large the seating area is and even with the Vegas heat, the restaurant was cool!  Prices were fair and good!  There are lot of choices, you can't go wrong!
One of the best buffet style restaurants around Vegas. I love Filipino food and this place always hits the spot. Sooo many choices to choose from. Good desserts here too, so don't forget to order some. The service is good and the prices fair.
I was working in Vegas a few weeks ago, and stopped into DJ's to get my Filipino fix.  This was the highest reviewed place on Yelp, so I had to give it  shot.  First thing's first...the food is good.  Not great, but good.  I had a hard time picking between the Thai Original BBQ place next door, but at the end of the day the my ancestors called upon me and forced me through the doors into what I call "the biggest Filipino cafeteria I have ever seen".  I had the standard bbq, mongo, and palabok - all which were about 7 out of 10 stars.  The best part of the experience was the huge SHE-MAN that walked in.  Now...I'm completely straight, but I just couldn't help staring, to the point where my attention could have been misinterpreted as interest. Except I didn't have a smile on my face, and my eyes were bulging like Arnold's Mars scene in Total Recall.  Kind of like when something smells bad, but you have to keep smelling it?  Yah...one of those situations.
There really is no reason to eat anywhere else in Vegas if you're Filipino.  Well if you're in the mood for Filipino food that is.  You can eat wherever you want.  Ok, so this restaurant is a point-and-serve establishment bka cafeteria-style aka "turo-turo."  So with that in mind, make sure you try to sample everything.  You can't do Vegas in a day and you definitely can't do DJ's either.  My last time here I had Laing and Bangus.  It was pretty much off the chain.  I don't know what it is about taro leaves that brings out massive flavor.  You know what kills flavor?  The quality of the restrooms.  If you're not Filipino then you probably won't understand what's happening on the television.  Usually a game show or a soap opera is playing, but more than likely a game show.    You will definitely leave this place full and relatively happy.  I advise you head back to your room immediately afterwards because the "-itis" hits hard when you eat here.    Find a bed fast...
Not a bad place to eat. A good variety offered at the buffet for like 7.99$ I had the breakfast buffet. The only problem with breakfast was not enough fried egg and the merienda with the buffet was only fruit. Other places i went to had ginataang bilo bilo.
When I come to Vegas, I have to come here at least once and at most 3 times. Lunch is the best time to come because everything is fresh and the melon drink is available. The skewers are freaking delicious. I love Filipino food.
1) Affordable 2) Satisfies my filipino food cravings 3) Tons of choices 4) Never disappointed  Just didn't give it 5 stars because only HALF the time I go there do they actually have the BBQ sticks. BUT  their pork adobo is consistent as well as their caldereta!!! My hubby loves their sinigang and if you're lucky to be here when the lechon kawali is fresh, it's the best quick and cheap filipino eats in Vegas!   Also, I wish they didn't close so early. Knowing I have to fight traffic to get there in time sometimes is the deciding factor if I want it or not.
This place has the best beef tapa in the city. Other favorites include the diniguan, lechon kawali, and also their tocino. I used to go to this place for lunch at least once a week when I worked on that side of town, even though it always made me late coming back! Support your local filipino business!!
I come here because the food is cheap and decent. I am a regular here. Tons of selections. The dishes aren't always consistent. It may taste good one day, and that same dish may taste different another day, but hey...its cheap.  A no-frills fast food restaurant for sure. It looks like a factory/school cafeteria inside. Sadly, there isn't that many quality turo-turo places around, so this what I will continue to eat. I like eating at Ito'y Sariling Atin in the same plaza to change up my routine.
When it comes to fast food Filipino food, there is only one place to go in town..... DJ Bibingkahan! Even when this place is packed, the line will move quick and your on your way to eating great filipino food!  Likes:  -Price! -Wide selection of food -Longanisa served all day  It's setup like any other quick service style restaurant (think Panda Express with one, two and three choice plates) or you can order a-la-carte.   Nothing beats rice, longanisa and chicken adobo when your hung over after a long night of partying in Las Vegas or watching Pac-Man fight!
came here for lunch today had their combo meals with free soup. Taste is ok not outstanding. had the grilled fish and stuffed bangus.both were dried out on the inside.Its a turo turo style so there was no service whatsoever except for them getting the food you picked. The place could be cleaner. We saw a whole lot of other filipino fast food style restaurant. Would try it out
Mom's been wanting to pick up a bibingka from here for a while now but I always seem to but this place on the back burner. Finally took the OG's to Vegas for the first time since forever so I mentioned this place to mom and she was stoked to check it out. I enjoy navigating away from the strip because that traffic is always ridiculous. Checked the GPS and booyah were turning into the parking lot.   All we came here for was the bibingka but they were all sold out. Fair enough we did come here later in the day so I was not surprised. Figured we grab some food to bring to the hotel room and save some money on dinner. Grabbed a combo plate for pops and waited for the rest of the family to arrive. A couple of days out in Vegas can definitely get ya craving for some rice. Everything is right on par with the Pinoy spots in San Diego.  Nothing  different from the norm.    Is that TFC on the tv?   Yeah now it feels like home.
This is behind Itoy Sarili Atin in favorite cafeteria/Turo-turo style, but I am a fan because certain dishes are served here that Itoy doesn't have.   I dont know what its called (for shame! I am part flip!) but its a dish where like hearts and liver and such is diced and cooked in a light tomato sauce with onions and like peppers. My family used to cook this and they usually have that here.   I've tried more of the "staples" and its pretty good here. This place is popular so the food gets enough turnover throughout the day.   Only demerit, sometimes it's not so clean...like plates are just left on the table and arent picked up.
Great food for the price.  Cold halo halo during the summer is the best.  They invite celebs here for signings.  Get in early... sometimes the lines are out the door and you don't what that during the summer, for sure.
If you are looking for the full range of pinoy chow you can't go wrong. Got all the classics and then some, even got PI cable on tv. Milk fish, longanisa, adobo, pusit, etc..  Come hungry. Good portions and prices. I was going to give it a 3 star but after realizing that I'm still thinking about this place and how I want to go back, I'm bumping it up,
Cafeteria style fast food, but better than most cafeteria's I've been to.  The 2 item combo with a free soup was very filling and cheap: 3 combos with drinks, and the total came to $20.20!   I normally have no clue what I am eating, but it's good. You really can't go wrong here. I know I have had the longanisa  and a lechon dish. Lumpia is ok also, but keep in mind they sit out a little. The rice is decent, the guys behind the counter pour the sauce of whatever I got over it so I'm satisfied.  Good quality food, excellent for the price. You could have spent that 5 bucks on McDonald's today...instead, just check yelp.
Perfect place to satisfy your home cooked Filipino food..just the way mom used to make it.  We had the 2-item $5 combo w/ rice.  I had the classics-sinigang and adobo.  And yes, it was awesome! Sinigang was on point!  Sour just the way I like it.  It's not fancy at all, but you know me...mom n pop shops is what it's about!
"hello sir, halo-halo ready"...this place is freakin great.  Nice big dinning area with some filo-filo channel on the screens.  A lot of traditional food to choose from, and you know it's good when there's a line out the door.  Coming from san diego - this place is a must visit whenever i go to vegas.
My Dad takes me here when I visit him in Vegas. This time I brought my friends with me, and none of them have had Filipino before! As soon as they got through the doors they were drooling and didn't know what they wanted.  The staff is nice, even if you aren't filipino. They have specials, and fresh desserts/treats they make- so get them while they're hot and fresh from the fryer!  Their menu isn't always the same, they usually have chicken and beef adobo, pancit, fish, fried fish, kare kare, dinuguan, etc. COMFORT FOOOOD.  If you're not familiar they will "forget" the free sinigang soup! Be sure to insist because it increases the appetite and it TASTES SO GOOD!  My friends ate it up, and were for certain they wanted to go back again. They quickly got tired of "Strip" food and insisted coming again. Will continue to return, of course :)
Can't complain about mounds of good tasting Filipino food at a very reasonable price.
Being Filipino and originally from Los Angeles, it is nice to have our own DJ here in Vegas.  DJ has all the staples, Kare-Kare, adobo, pancit, lechon and chocolate meat (a dish made with pork's blood)...lol  The prices are very reasonable, and it would be a great place to go if you have never eaten Filipino foods, for with the buffet style, you can easily explore and find out which dish you might like.  Don't forget to oreder the Halo Halo for desert, to get the full effect...
I have never been to a filipino restaurant, so I really don't have anything to compare DJ Bibingkahan to.  I am glad we have a filipino friend in the group to introduce this cuisine to us.  Though... I still am not sure what I ate.  She pretty much went up to the line and pointed at various dishes.  Next thing I know, we have a whole table worth of food for the four of us and everything tasted great!
This place actually has become a place of tradition for us Ninjas escaping for lunch, or for when we have the urge or craving to have home town islander food. This is the place where my Hawaiian got a taste of the soup and has now learned how to make it himself because he loved it so much. It is a treat for us who come here to eat. Friendly staff and lots of food or large portions. I am always satisfied. Prices are just right. I prefer lunch on a quiet week day. No lines that's why. Tee hee. I love this place!
I wasn't impressed at all. I was so excited to eat here since it's been a while since I've had Filipino food. My husband and I went there for lunch before heading back home and the meat was tough. I got the mechado and bistek and he got the chicken adobo and bistek. We also got some lumpias and BBQ. The only thing we both agreed on liking was the BBQ. The place was very outdated, the seat cushions were ripped and torn and it looked dingy to me. Plus the customer service could've been alot better. The lady who put our order together seemed nice enough but the guy who rang up our order didn't even crack a smile. When we do visit  Vegas again, I wouldn't come back here. I gave it 1 star for the BBQ. Wish we went somewhere else. Very  disappointing and forgettable visit.
This place was pretty good.  Cafeteria style with a good selection and prices were good too!  $4.99 for a single order and $5.99 for two.  I got the pork adobo and sinigang soup and that was better than expected!  They also have longganisa and garlic rice at the end :), I wanted to try that but changed my mind last minute.
Another buffet that you should try!
Yuuuuuuuummmm!!!  Being Chinese with very traditional parents, I didn't grow up eating Filipino food but eventually gained an appreciation for it on my own back in high school.  So ever since I moved away from home (Guam), I've been on a mission to find some Filipino food that would remind me of where I first discovered my love for it.  Inexplicably, the ones closest to me (in Carson, Torrance, etc.) all close very early, ranging from 5pm to 7pm.  And you never get fresh food if you go in right before closing.  So imagine my delight when hubby and I were in Vegas for his 40th bday celeb and we searched (and found) some highly lauded places.  We randomly picked BJ Bibingkahan and were so glad we did.  The place doesn't look like much...you walk in and it's got the food bar where you order your plate and the it's a pretty sizeable dining room with a few scattered TV's playing Tagalog dramas and variety shows.    Although I'm very familiar with some of the foods, I still felt intimidated by the sheer size of the selection here at DJ Bibingkahan.  However, the friendly staff set us at ease, providing us with recommendations and samples.  We ended up over-ordering like we usually do at a new place and got the following:  - Kare-kare (w/ the requisite bagoong on the side):  This version uses pigs feet.  It was delicious but I prefer mine with oxtail and tripe.   - Lechon kawali: This was really why we were there.  I could feel my arteries clog up but I'm sure the Diet Pepsi took care of cleaning the pipes! - Diniguan:  Hubby's first time trying this...minerally and delicious, containing mystery meats and organs. - Sisig:  Chopped pork, fat, skin in a vinegary sauce.  My fave!! - Palabok: This version was premade with thicker noodles.  They had some chopped lechon on top and it was still pretty bomb a few hours later in the hotel - Fried banana lumpia:  Surprisingly light due to using younger (tangy) bananas.  Addicting!  We are definitely going back next time. Forget the strip: you can't beat the prices/selection/service here!
While visiting Vegas, my pregnant self craved for filipino food. After a long search, we have found this restaurant and boy, this place cook real filipino food.   We had their soup, pansit, chicken adobo and eggroll.. The employees definitely render good customer service and that's always a plus.  Another great thing about this place, they give you big amount of food for cheaper price. "D
In an effort to expand my horizons and tickle my international palate, this week, I decided to up my game a bit and go Filipino!   It's no secret that one of my closest friends is Filipino, and I always joked with her that someday, I'd eat the food that is native to her country.   Today, with some of my co-workers, we hit up DJ's. I don't really know what I ate, outside of the Pork Adobo and the spicy sausage, but I can assure you that this place is legit.  Everything is served Panda Express style. Leave your health freaks at home. Also, leave your pretentious bitches at home. This is the kind of place where you bring the type of people who know all forms of culture (whether it's fine dining, or ghetto-tastic ethnic).  You get a plate of rice, and two choices of entrees. "Free soup" as the server happily announces....and everything runs you about $6. Not bad at all.  The Pork Adobo was damn flavorful! The other stew that I had, was made out of a peanut style sauce and makes my mouth water from just thinking about it.  Las Vegas....you know how to cater to the ethnics.  Pinoy Power!
Clean and well-lit. Wide selection of Filipino dishes.
I just recently discovered Filipino food and fell totally in love. We actually live in the North Las Vegas area and there aren't any Filipino restaurants.That day we were heading out that way with family and thought we could try this place out since it had a lot of good reviews. I must say, we all weren't impressed at all.  The location is very big and bright but its very old and didn't look very clean. The food was very very greasy, more than other Filipino places I have tried so far. The pork adobo was super dry and didn't have so much flavor. My brother in law ate just a little bit of his food and then didn't touch it. He said it tasted like it had been sitting out there for 3 days.  It was a sad time and we all left very unsatisfied. I finished my sour soup and had some of the adobo but overall didn't have an enjoyable experience.
Well you need to realize that you're not going here for the ambiance. Cafeteria style with not much character besides whatever is being blasted out of the televisions. But the food is definitely worth it!  The pork adobo was flavorful and tender. The best part is pouring the adobo juice over your rice- delicious! The pansit was very tasty as well. My only disappointment was that they were out of lumpias when I went. I was stoked with the friendly service and a huge plate of food for just under $8.
I've known about this place for well over 6-7 years but NEVER ate there before and now I REGRET it. I use to work down the street from it years ago. they are right beside a Thai BBQ place and, I'm sorry to say, when given an option between Filipino food or Thai food, I'm going to choose Thai every time. Silly me.  This place was AMAZING though. I've eaten at 2 OTHER Filipino restaurants before and this place beats them in service and portion easily. The restaurant, as ALL Filipino restaurants usually are, is a lunch line style setting where you pick out what you want from behind glass/railing and place it on a tray. The waitress/server was very nice and even gave me a discount (it seemed). Whenever I go to places like this, I like to order the fish because it's hard to find a whole fish cooked for you for so cheap. I ordered 2 whole pieces of fish w/ 3 scoops of rice and she even threw in a FREE soup ALL for only $9-$10!!! Now the review:  The Rice: Same as everywhere else just plain white rice but it was cooked well.  The Fish: They seemed to have 3 different fish options in the line. I got the one with tomatoes, garlic, and ginger (I think). The fish was mostly deboned and the meat was great. The tomatoes/ginger sort of had an overpowering taste. But hey they give you free fish sauce upon request so that was good. Most places give you only 1 fish for $10 but this place gave me 2 for $9!!!  The soup: Some type of homemade concoction with tomatoes, green beans, broth, other stuff I can't remember. The soup was OK  but the tomato/salty taste was a bit much. I felt like I had to drink a lot of water afterwards to get the taste out.  The Drinks: My only REAL complaint. I asked for a water and they literally handed me a bottle of water. No filtered water with lemon and ice in a cup, just a bottle. It didn't help that I noticed the water they gave me was the CHEAPEST water you can buy at Wal-Mart. That "Nestle Pure Life" crap that my wife buys EVERY TIME we go to Wal-Mart only because it's the cheapest. It seems like they only have BOTTLED/CANNED drinks which I'm sure they charge and arm and a leg for. Where is the soda dispenser???  So, all-in-all I'd suggest it for the price/portions but don't expect a REVELATION.
Socal tourist here, went down to Vegas for vacation with the fambam and the first thing we do is go eat, and what do we eat? Filipino food (if you haven't noticed my sarcastic tone yet I'm Filipino). We drive all the way down to Vegas and the food we eat right away was Filipino food -_-; well that's what I thought.  Boy was I definitely hit by a truck. The food here was amazing. I don't know of many good Filipino in Socal other than good ol home cooked dishes, but this place is definitely authentic. I got their bistek and pork adobo and it tasted real; tasted just like my dad's cooking AND at a great price (was 4.99 or something for 2 dishes + rice + a cup of sinigang). I do NOT like sinigang, or any "sour" soup of any sorts but I went ahead and ate/drink theirs. Omg, was I hit by a train this time. Their sinigang was SO good. Not too sour and the taste was so gooooooooooood. Their portion sizes were good enough at the cheap price it's at.  The place looks a bit old and it's not packed. There's plenty of space and plenty of food; however, not too many choices in terms of drinks. I don't think they even have halo halo either (I didn't check for bibingka either).  This place deserves at least 4 out of stars. Great AUTHENTIC Filipino food and a great low price that isn't too busy. I will definitely go here whenever I go to Vegas, even if it's not with my family.
Back in 2004 i was a big fan of Dj Bibingkahan , i go here at least twice a week, but i stopped going here when they opened Sariling Atin ( Next Door ) they have  better food , great service! i havent visit this restaurant since 2006. so i dont know how's the taste of there food now...
I was really excited to come here for lunch because 1) I rarely eat Filipino food in Minneapolis and 2) I was introducing two friends to Filipino food for the first time. Like other DJ's, the set-up is cafeteria style. We got a ton of food; my mom got a little too excited treating her baby to "home-cooked" Filipino dishes. The food itself is just OK; nothing really stood out except for the longganisa. The other dishes varied from being a tad too salty, or maybe a little greasy. In a pinch, it'll work. Just pour all that sodium over rice and you're good to go. However, I've definitely had better.
This place is awesome! (Sarap ng mga ulam) "delicious food"  at a great price. Great Filipino hospitality! When in Vegas,  forget the strip, go to DJ's bibingkahan for delicious Filipino food.
Great Home Style Filipino Food...Come here twice a Month....:)
I feel bad about doing this (most of my reviews are 5 stars), but we ordered several viands from DJ's & all of them were grease factories with a bit of food in them. I don't remember flavor. I remember grease. There was so much grease on my lips I didn't need to put on lip gloss. Srsly I've tasted much better food in the Philippines - from  places that charge like $3 per meal.  It's 'Filipino' to treat your friends/fam when they're in town, to drive them around, take them somewhere nice for a meal. DJ's is most probably where you would take them - if you secretly kind of hate them, for whatever reason (maybe they 'forgot' to reimburse you that $400, or they're spreading rumors about your spouse, or something).  To homesick kabayans, don't waste your $ if you're looking for flavor or quality, or anything decent. You're better off eating Asian food from elsewhere & watching Wowowee at home.
If you are looking for good no fuss filipino food this is the place...do not expect food catered to non-filipino patrons and spruced up restaurant...RJ gave good service behind the counter...i will definitely come again when i come back to Las Vegas...
A lot of good selections and conveniently near by where I live. Can't go wrong.
If you want some AUTHENTIC Filipino Food this is def the place to go- I'm not going to lie, being in Restaurant Management this place could be a little cleaner but the food taste make up for it not to mention it is an older building. Service is not bad either. My grandparents have been going here for years as have I. Whenever I'm craving my home food and on this side of town(rarely) I hit this place for some good ol' flip grubbin.
The Panda Express of Filipino fast food. I been coming here since high school. they have more selections than the comparable Filipino restaurants around. I love coming here for breakfast because everything is fresh! I just wish they renovate the place or maintain it. Food is good but I'm just skeptic about what goes on in the back and overall cleanliness of the place. I'm from the Philippines tho so I don't mind much but for American standards it's something to think about.
This place has been here forever. I love this place, such a large selection. Big inside, lots of seating. Good food.
First timer here, had a great variety and large portions for a family of 5 with rice included. Will recommend to any Filipino food lover.
I don't know about this place...  Food looks good, taste good and all..  But the restaurant itself is sooo outdated and gross. We saw a bum just sitting, walking around, touching everything in the restaurant.. I say this because he smelled so foul!!! I'm sure that's not the first time they've let a homeless person just chill in their restaurant .. Seats are ripped and tapped up, tables are wobbly, EVERYTHING just looks old and dusty ..  The restaurant needs some serious TLC but their food never disappoints .. Bittersweet feeling.
I was so exited to see a filipino place in North Las Vegas.  I have been begging my husband to take me out for filipino food forever.  Finally I just went by myself to get some lumpia after drooling over the online menu for the last couple of days.  Okay so I'm not a flip but the place smelled like my mother-in-laws house, and that got me even more exited for the food.  I only ordered lumpia which flooded my whole car with the delicious smell all the way home.  I know I'm not much of an expert when it comes to filipino food but this stuff was awsome.  Not like mother-in-laws cooking, but still good.
This restaurant is near my relatives place in North Las Vegas across the Albertson's on Ann Rd and Simmons.  When you walk into the small and cozy place,  it's got a nice homey feel and smell.  They have a Filipino channel on TV most of the time.  If that popular Filipino game/variety program  Wowowee" is on, the whole place is watching.  The furniture is far from fancy. There are Filipino newsletters and advertisements on a rack.The people behind the counter are ready to dish their cafeteris stylle Filipino fast food, or  you could order from their menu and eat here or take out.  The prices are decent with a two item combo plate for $5.00. As you order, the customers watch the TV hostess's do her thing,  with botox-ed overly made up face and whiny voice. We get the food to go.    We had the pancit (stir fried noodles with small pieces of veggies and meat), lumpia (filipino egg roll) and halo halo (milk, candied fruit, ice cram, and crushed ice).  They were all decent. But as another reviewer wrote, all of their cafeteria items had fat and gristle in some of their pork and beef, and I don't like that at all. I would prefer they trim most of that junk out and charge a higher price.  It's quality that makes me come back.  I don't know if I will for their fast food. I will  come back for their halo halo though it's still not as good as the Goldilocks version. So if you are in the area and you need your Filipino food fix, this is an okay substitute before you get the real thing.  Compared to my mom's and friends' cooking, it's just okay,  Also, I am just not a fan of cafeteria style fast food that sits and wilts.
I had high hopes for this little Filipino restaurant, but it just doesn't cut it.  It is like a panda express with filipino food.   The Good: It was fairly inexpensive. the food was authentic. The sausage was excellent. The bad: The food in the warming trays were not freshly cooked.   The place had carpet on the floor and it was pretty dirty. They charge $1 for debt cards under $10. They did not have pork adobo-that is only a special on a certain day? The chicken adobo was mostly fragments of bones with a little meat on them.    I would pass on this place.  Not trying to disparriage a family owned restaurant - but they just don't have it together.
Well, I can't honestly say I know what Filipino food is "supposed" to taste like, but I've eaten here a few times and it has been tasty. Today I had tapsilog, which was good except for one piece of grisly meat. Previously I've tried their adobo and skewers which were very good. Overall, I still like the tapsilog from Aloha Kitchen better and the adobo from Elenas, but this is good too.
I remember coming here the first few days it had opened.  For a place that is called Pancit Adobo, you'd you'd think they'd at least get those two dishes right. Pancit and adobo are two signature Filipino dishes that you cannot mess up.  If you cannot master those two, I'm a bit hesitant on trying anything else.  So thank you, but no thank you...
I'm sorry to the previous reviewers that don't like this place as much as I do.   Yes, despite the name, I do not get the pancit, or the adobo, so I have no comment on those...  What I do enjoy there is the PINAKBET! It is one of the tastiest, flavor filled, soupy, soft, and delicious dishes that I have had! Almost better than my Aunt's in Hawaii... BUT NO ONE can beat the goodness of a home cooked meal.  I also frequently get the lumpiang shanghai and the barbecue (or skewers) which I happen to think are amazing as well.  The workers are friendly, and I think it's great there's finally some Filipino food in the North side of Vegas.
i didnt like this place at first.  but as months passed by and i didnt wanna drive all the way to maryland parkway for some decent filipino food i gave it another shot.  and im glad i did, the food was fresh, especially the lechon kuwali, they cut it fresh right when you order it.  and next time you go, order the pancit palabok.  best i've had. they use thin noodles which i love.
This place reminds me of the Philippines...in a bad way.  I'd like to lead off with this disclosure: I love to visit the Philippines, it's a mostly gorgeous country, and the people are top notch. With that stated, my experience with businesses in the Philippines is pretty consistent: "the customer is always wrong".  This was also my experience at Pancit Adobo.  I ordered the Arroz Caldo to try the breakfast dish.  For $4.99, you get a delicious soupy rice and chicken dish and coffee.  Well, that's what you are supposed to get.  Instead, I was given a different Arroz Caldo meal (about $6.25) and was charged an extra $1.00 for the instant coffee.  I decided to discuss the matter with the person at the cash register.  The discussion went nowhere.  I then used a visual aid...the restaurants advertised breakfast special that was hanging on the wall.  With my finger, I pointed at their advertisement.  I was told that even though the sign said "$4.99 breakfast includes coffee" and Arroz Caldo was the very first item listed, it was really the dishes that were under the Arroz Caldo that were for $4.99.  What???  I liked the Arroz Caldo.  It was freshly cooked.  The coffee was fine.  Most of the dishes they offer are pre-cooked, out on display.  If you like your Filipino food fresh, this may not be the place for you.  If you like businesses that honor their own advertised prices, this may not be the place for you.  If you long for the experience of "the customer is always wrong"...you've struck gold here.
I successfully ordered the breakfast special today.  This time, for $4.99, I had the filipino spaghetti.  For those who have never eaten filipino spaghetti, the sauce is quite sweet, and has a mix of ground beef and hot dog slices.    Thanks to my wife, who had not given up on this place even though I did.  She has consistently scouted out Pancit Adobo, and has concluded that it's best to eat there in the morning, when the food is first put out fresh.    I can say that it was busy this morning.  Heck, I even saw an employee from Panda Express eating there.
You have to try their arroz caldo with tokwa't baboy!  I come here for one thing, their chicken and rice porridge! with tofu and deep fried pork with skin soaked in soy sauce/vinegar sugar mixture with green onions and garlic pepper sauce.  I like my chicken rice porridge with a generous side of lemon juice and fish sauce. The only way  I would eat it.  My coworker loves their sago and their turon.  This is like home away from home, except my momma, is about a mile down the road, (this place almost wanna make me slap her silly) (i love you mom , just kidding!!) =)
My familiarity with Filipino food is limited to what my Filipino friends have either shared or recommended to me-- Pancit and Lumpia.  Given that, I have never been into a foreign-food restaurant in the Las Vegas area that basically only catered to people who are already very familiar with the food and the language.   The menu didn't have any English descriptions (except for the description of Filipino Spaghetti) and I had no clue what anything was except for what I already knew-- Pancit (although there were two different kinds and I didn't know the difference) and Lumpia.  I glanced at the food on the Panda Express-style serving line and decided to skip it because most of the trays were either scraped empty or the food looked like it had dried out. So I scanned the menu and decided to order both the pancit and the lumpia. The young man at the register was extremely polite and explained some of the foods to me without coming off as condescending, or making me feel like an idiot!   The Pancit came out piping hot and tasted just as amazing as it smelled! I also got way more than I expecting for the price. They nearly overflowed my to-go box with hot and delicious pancit!  On the other hand, the lumpia smelled and tasted like it had been fried, refrigerated and then fried again. The inside was extremely dry and chewy and the outside looked and tasted burnt. I ended up only eating 2 of the 10+ pieces of lumpia.  Overall, I definitely wouldn't recommend this to my non-Filipino friends because I wouldn't want them to feel as lost and out-of-place as I did. And I wouldn't recommend this place to my Filipino friends because I only tried two things from this place one of which sucked, the other I'm no connoisseur of anyway, I just know what I think tastes good.
this place isn't too bad!! if you're craving some homemade filipino cuisine, this is the place to go!! i found this place about 2 months ago and i've been there at least once a week ordering the pancit bihon, lechon kawali and fried chicken skin... i know fried chicken skin sounds gross, but it is DELICIOUS!!!! the price isn't too bad there, but getting the fried chicken skin at least twice a week for $5.99 + tax isn't cheap!!! it adds up!! LOL - well... what can i say?!?! it's worth it!!!
this resturant was pretty close to where i live so it was one of the first choices for dinner that night and it was a pretty good choice the location was easy to find and the staff was friendly and the place was pretty clean ....the food was good aswell ....but i fear that i could make most of this food and save me the gas .....so it deserves 3 stars
I just recently discovered Filipino food and since then I have cravings every now and then. One of those cravings took me to Pancit Adobo which is closer to where I live. This is a small place with an OK selection of Filipino food. Most of the stuff they have is already cooked and set in a buffet type of thing  behind the counter. You pick what you want, they put it on a plate and ready set eat :) I had some type of a green soup, which tasted wonderfully vinegary and also a portion of their chicken Adobo, which was very good as well. I can see myself going to this place more often. The staff was very friendly and let me try the soup before I ordered it.
Took my dad here to hang out and enjoy what they had to offer since there really isn't any good Filipino restaurants around here.   The place itself was in a "dead" location, bad for business if you ask me. It's hidden in a plaza where no one will bother to look. The inside was setup well and the service wasn't bad.   Personally, I can't stand watching the tele while I'm eating. I like eating my meals without the distraction of broadcasters on the tube. It was very loud and annoying.   The food was good, but it was OVERPRICED!! I was surprise at how much the Halo Halo ($5) was.   I liked how they presented the food though. It was very catchy to the eye and it made it separated itself from the typical Filipino restaurants in the valley.   So if you've never been to a Filipino restaurant try this one if you're not a tightwad.
Nice atmosphere, but TFC (The Filipino Channel) on the tube set on VERY LOUD quickly ruins the good vibes for me.  I start to wonder what the non-Filipino customers think of the shows' quality, but then I recall Judge Judy, Montel, COPS, etc., that air on TV and I don't feel so embarrassed.  Food are set out buffet-style or "turo-turo" (you point at the food you want), and I quickly learn that the daily lunch specials' menu printed and displayed on an easel outdoors by the entrance doesn't accurately depict what you're going to find served indoors.  Friday's menu listed a dish that wasn't offered bec. apparently it was served the day before and another dish was offered in its place.  (Why even bother printing out a menu if you're not going to stick to it?  Guess I better call ahead before making the trip from Laveen.)  One dish stood out, and I asked the server if it contained any meat, to w/c he replied just "ginataang kalabasa" (aka squash simmered in coconut milk).  I was starving, and aside from the "bistek" (pan-fried slices of beef steak) and "pritong tilapia at galungong" (fried tilapia and scad), nothing much interested me here.  So for my lunch combo, I chose fried tilapia and rice w/ squash, green beans, and okra simmered in coconut milk for my veggies.    I was having a good time eating my lunch until I noticed that there were shrimp (allergy) in the squash dish... The server apparently was not aware it had meat in it, could not verify if it was shrimp, and had to ask the owner/cook to confirm.  I thought this an unacceptable practice; it's a good thing for him that I am not a vegetarian, and a very good thing for the venue's cook/owner that I am not deathly allergic to shrimp, at least not yet.  The owner/cook gladly replaced the squash dish for beef steak (w/c tasted fine, albeit salty and VERY greasy), although my original buffet server was not pleased.  This irked me- what does it matter to him that she replaced a dish bec, he was negligent of the original's ingredients?  Perhaps he felt embarrassed that he couldn't even tell there was shrimp in it, but why show discontent?  Oh, he really made my blood boil!    I'll try to visit again to try other lunch specials and see if the service improves.  Otherwise, I may just spend my money at Jeepney Bistro and Lumpia Factory down the road (where my eardrums won't be tormented by untalented comics on "Wowowee").  I do have one positive thing to say about Gingerroot- its rice was whiter, fluffier, and better in quality than that of Lumpia Factory, w/c was yellowed, drier, and just plain sorry-looking enough for me not to take home to re-hash in "sinangag" (rice fried with garlic... yum!).  I do hope that the dinner service and menu are several times' better than that of lunch... Menu prices made me laugh... Gingerroot's ambience definitely places it at the top of the list of all the other Filipino venues in Chandler if you're on a date, but I'd very much dislike the experience if I'm forced to listen and watch TFC and have buffet food at those prices!
Me and my BFF went there for lunch today and discovered a small out of the way (hidden in a strip-mall thousands pass by every day and never know its there and what they are missing) A little piece of The Philippines! the atmosphere is friendly and un pretentious, So go and have fun ! and try the HALO HALO for desert!
Located right behind the Chase Bank (across from Safeway) on Chandler Blvd and Alma School Road.   I stopped in after having gone to the Jeepney Bistro (of which I walked right out of considering it was buffet style, didn't look fresh & they didn't have lumpia, pancit OR adobo. Seriously?! What kind of filipino restaurant doesn't have those 3 basic dishes after 4pm?) GingerRoot is family owned and operated and the staff was very friendly. The restaurant itself was very clean and welcoming with white linen table clothes.   I ordered (To Go) the Chicken Adobo, the Pancit Canton and the Lumpia (soooo very delicious!). The food was FRESH and the servings were large. Each dish was more than enough for 2 people. My only regret is that I didn't know about this place sooner. I have been driving past it twice a day, every day for the last year and a half. I will certainly be a regular customer here.
Oh man, came here and brought the family... It took forever to get service and food, it felt like we spent hours here. Turns out the waiter was the only person running ALL the tables, plus he was cooking. No wonder. Great food but they need to hire more help! it took so long for the entire experience that baby started crying.  Next time I am calling ahead to order a pick up. The super long wait and loud blasting tv just gave me a freakn' migrane.
WTF. This place has been here for how long and I've never known? It's hidden in the shopping center behind Wells Fargo. Now I have to warn you: I don't really know my Filipino food since I've only tried it a few times at people's homes, but never in a real restaurant.. so I'm gonna try my best.  The gentleman greeted me at the counter and I didn't see a menu of any kind and it was obvious it was my first time there. He explained to me that there is buffet style, where I can choose my items and it comes with rice, or I can pick selections from the menu. It's incredibly fresh and hot Chicken Adobo and Pancit Canton ($23+tip) were perfect and I had lots to take over from leftovers. Very very authentic.   The large flatscreen tv is in the corner of the room and looks like it's set on TFC (filipino game channel??). Kinda hilarious to watch, but gets old after a while.  Good stuff...
This is just a rating based on their SUNDAY BUFFET AND SERVICE alone so i can only imagine how their food is outside of that...  the variety they have for a breakfast buffet, in my opinion obviously is perfect. you have plenty of meat choices (usually Spam, longanisa, corn beef), eggs, fish, garlic rice, just to name a few (go and see for yourself)...all in all its a perfect and plentiful mix...brings back memories to the good old days waking up to food just like this that my moms used to make...  If you have $8.95...go...and make sure you come hungry...
Tried this place out on a Saturday night: had the sisay (a crispy pork with onions and green chillies) and spare ribs, and it was really good food.  You can taste the freshness of the ingredients, and it was prepared quickly by the waiter that was also the cook.  We were the only people in there, although several people came through for to-go orders.  Will definitely try their breakfast buffet some Sunday.
Are you craving a Filipino breakfast on a Sunday morning?  If so, you have to go to GingerRoot.  They have an all-you-can-eat buffet of Filipino-style breakfast items for $8.95, and that includes your choice of drink.  I usually start off with arroz caldo (rice porridge) accompanied by tokwa't baboy (fried tofu with onions and pork in a soy sauce based sauce).  That usually gets my juices flowing and prepares me for the amazing meal to come.  There's a pretty extensive layout of breakfast dishes including:  eggs garlic fried rice steamed rice salted egg with tomatoes dried fish longanisa tocino tapa  + some items that slip my mind right now.  They even have spam and corned beef hash for those who are into that kind of stuff.  When my family gets together on a Saturday night, and someone suggests that we get up early the next day and eat at GingerRoot, we are all always down to go.  Give it a try..
The boyfriend and I found this place after stopping for milkshakes at the new Rally's built in front of it.  We saw the sign, drove by, and thought, "Well, this place sure doesn't look too busy!"  So we made plans to come back and try it for real, as both of us are rather adventurous in general when it comes to food.  We looked up the menu online, so we knew what type of food it was, and an idea of how to proceed.  No one was there when we arrived except for the waiter, who was, apparently, also the cook.  He had us sit wherever we wanted and took our drink order promptly.  I had the ice tea, and my boyfriend the water.  We perused the menu for a while, still, trying to make up our minds.  We settled on the appetizer beef ribs, crispy chicken "gingerroot style" (half portion) and a crispy pork dish with green chiles and onions on a sizzling platter.  The beef ribs were really tasty!  They were tender and the sauce served with them was quite good.  The chicken was juicy and the sauce served with it added a delightful flavor.  The crispiness of the chicken was just right (not too much breading, and it had a taste of its own).  The pork was really good as well.  It comes with a fried egg on top, and the meat is served "crispy" which gives it a somewhat "sticky" texture, but it was delicious and full of flavor.  My boyfriend enjoyed putting some of the sauce for the beef ribs on the pork as well.  Overall, the food was delicious.  Our waiter was courteous - neither hovering nor disappearing.  The large television was much preferable to watch than the dreary weather outside.  The ambiance of this little place is adorable and snug.   It may be a little hard to find as it is hidden behind the new buildings (Rally's and the Sweet Shop) but it's worth the effort!  The only suggestion I have is that more people visit here!
First time at Gingerroot and we ordered the fried spring rolls, beef caldereta, and dinuguan.  All the dishes came out in family style portions which was nice because we were starving.   The spring rolls came out nice and hot, just the way I like them. The dipping sauce was delicious as it had a nice balance between salty, sweet, and spicy.   The beef caldereta reminded me of plain beef stew and the beef chunks were a lil on the tough side. This dish was just ok.   Now the dinuguan disappointed me because it turned out to be a pork dish made with blood. The description on the menu said it was pork in brown gravy.  I'm not Filipino so I was expecting what the menu described. Well to me there is a big difference between brown gravy and blood. I'm not fan of dishes made with blood so I finished what I put on my plate and couldn't eat anymore.  The menu was misleading on this entree.  I think I'm gonna try the chicken adobo next time.
Great food. Seems authentic. All the people seemed native.
We love this place!  The food is great and so are the owners!  Sunday morning breakfast buffet is excellent!
First visit review.  I ordered the crispy pata and fried short ribs.  My first time having the pata, all I knew of it was how good everyone says it is when I read Filipino restaurant reviews.  And fried ribs?  C'MON!!!  While waiting for the food, I sat at one of the tables.  This place has a charm.  I guess it was because the lights were dimmed and this really mellow music was playing on a good sound system they have.  The tv was on but was practically muted.  Nice and warm in there.  Clean.  A great place to bring a date for dinner.   I was also the only person in there.  The whole 20 minutes I was waiting, no one else came in.  In fact, unless you knew the place was over there in its little corner, you'd think nothing was there but closed up businesses.  They are in a horrible spot.  The only way you'd see it is if you were coming out of the Rally's drive-thru, and by then you're set for food anyway.  Food was ready and came up to bout' $25...pricey.  But whatever, I knew it would be thanks to their menu being available on the net, WITH the prices...something I really like.  Got it home and I see why it costs so much.  HUGE pan full of crispy pig.  The menu says its pork knuckles...that made me laugh cause my cuz is always saying "I'm having mooseknuckles tonight." when he knows he ain't having a good dinner.  Anyway, wow.  Crispy pork is just...correct.  Tender meat under all that crispy skin, and lots of knuckles to suck on.  Regardless of how silly the end of that last sentence seems, the fun comes in sucking the meat from between the knuckles.    The short ribs.  There were only 4 pieces for $9.  Not a value.  They were dry, but that's how they are supposed to be.  I don't see you getting these any better, and the taste was great.  The sauce that comes with it really kicks and may be a bit much for some, but it def adds something to the dry meat.  I'm on the fence about this, plus it costs way too much.  Wouldn't get again.  The place is a bit more upscale than other Filipino restaurants I've been to and setup really nice.  I will be ordering from here again for dinner, as well as going further up in the day to see how things differ.  Take your sweetie here.
Tried this place tonight,   I had the fried flounder, originally ordered tilapia but after  placing the order was told they were out. The teenager  working there, was extremely shy, and  difficult to hear what he was saying. My dining compadre had the chicken inasal. The fish was fried perfectly but very small, no side veggies.  The chicken was simply grilled,  but too pink for me.  Never was checked on again by waiter, not offered more tea, or coke. Had to flag him down to get a splenda. It was not busy in there and food took 35 mins to get out then had to flag him down again to get the check.  No excuse to ignore patrons.
Pancit palabok here is best outside of the Philippines. Anyone can enjoy a quiet peaceful dinner on a Friday night
I went for the first time today for their Sunday All-You-Can-Eat Brunch and it was EXCELLENT! Ang sarap! They had everything from tapa to tocino to arroz caldo and longganisa. I cannot wait to return and try some of the items on the lunch or dinner menu.
Was invited to try this restaurant last night with some of their friends from Wyoming. This was my first time to a Filipino restaurant in Arizona.   We started off with their lumpia shanghai and fried calamari. I've had better lumpia but it was still tasty. The calamari was huge and tentacles thick and meaty, good workout for those jaw muscles. The sauce for the calamari and fresh and flavorful.  Since there were six of us, we decide that each person would order one dish. We ended up with two orders of chicken adobo;  pancit bihon, one with chicken and other with pork; beef caldareta and lechon kawali. Each order were enough for two people.   Let's start with the chicken adobo. I wasn't a fan of this dish because the chicken looked overcooked and the sauce was almost like water. The pancit was just like I remembered when I was growing up. It would have tasted a lot better if the meat was shrimp. The beef caldareta was very good with shreds of meat soaking in the sauce which I scooped up and placed on my rice. The lechon was yummy, crunchy on the outside with some fatty portion between the meat and skin which tried and decided to cut the fat out.  For dessert, I had the Flan which was really DENSE. Chuck had the turon with ice cream which he devoured. His wife shared the Halo Halo which I had a spoonful and it was delicious.    The service was a little slow, but we didn't mind because we were all engaged in conversation. All the tables had tablecloths. There was a table of four enjoying their meal. Even though the TV was on Filipino channel, the volume was turned way down. Nice cozy place to have a good filling meal.
If you want tasty meat, eggs, and rice for brunch, this is your place!  We went here for Sunday brunch for the buffet, and left very full!  There were a plethora of marinated meats, some Asian style sausage, fried eggs, 1 soup and 1 rice porridge.  You have the option of fried rice or steamed rice, and there was orange juice and water available.  I ordered an ice tea, which was very refreshing and tasty.    The marinated meats were tender, with a slight sweet taste.  If you want any additional condiments, there is a condiment bar to the side where the water and juice pitchers are.  There were bowls of onions marinated in what looked like soy sauce, green onion, vinegar, and what appeared to be some fried onion chips.  In general, the buffet was good, and while all the meat and rice was great, I would've liked to see some more veggies.  I think this is more of a reflection of Filipino cuisine though than the actual buffet selection.  Buffet: $8.95 per person Ice tea: $3.00
You must get the Lumpia Shanghai and the Chicken Adobo - SO WORTH IT.  See posted pictures. Nice mom and pop type place.  Food is made fresh but takes a while.  You access the only bathroom by walking through the kitchen and heading toward the back.  Dining room has a large television with Filipino TV playing all day.  That was kinda entertaining.  I would definitely go here again.
Just like home!!! Now that I have moved far from home it's hard to find that home Filipino cooking either it's not fresh or the flavors are just off. Gingerroot did a spectacular job, their pork was crispy, the dinaguan had the right amount of vinegar and the right amount of patis was added to the pancit.
A friend and I went for lunch today to Gingerroot.  They had what looked like a buffet but they called it 'combination' (means it is not all-u-can-eat), though you could do the a-la-carte menu.  They had about 7 options at the buffet-looking counter - all contained 'meat' (shrimp, pork, chicken, fish, etc).  I had the Laing (coconut milk w/ shrimp and taro leaves w/ pork bits) and the Chicken Adobo.  The lady (maybe the owner) was very friendly and was very welcoming and even gave us little plates to sample whatever we wanted to sample before we ordered - that was really helpful!  I absolutely LOVED my chicken adobo - it had so much flavor that I found myself sucking on the chicken fat just to get more of that flavoring.  Sadly, after I devoured the chicken, I started on the Laing and found I could not stomach it....at alllll.  I drank some water and gave it another shot.. nope, not going down.  I think it was the stark flavor difference between the chicken and the Laing that made my nostrils pick up something in the Laing that just did not appeal to me.. maybe it was the fishyness of the shrimp, or maybe the slight tang/bitterness of the taro leaves... or the smell of pork fat mixed with coconut milk.... not sure, but when I taste-tested it earlier, i was excited to eat it... after the chicken, I couldn't even smell it .. something was so off-putting.  How odd is that?  Anyway, i can't hold that against them - I approved it after tasting it at first... I guess something was obviously off with me.  The bill was cheap (7ish or so for me) .. and I took a Turon to go (banana/jackfruit/wrapped in rice paper and fried to a crips/topped with browned sugar) ... so yummy!  I would return becuase the service was great - friendly, not stingey with portions (generous), educational, genuine; and the chicken was stellar.. plus the other dish my friend got was also super tasty.. so I know there's more there I could definitely try next time.
Been craving Filipino food since I moved out here and found this place from the reviews. Although the food is pricey, it tastes pretty good. I had the sinigang and loved it I look forward to trying the diniguan, adobo, & kare kare.  The place is small but cozy and nicely decorated. Nice touch with the TV playing TFC!
Talk about expensive Filipino Food!  SMH. I could make all that stuff in a huge portion compared to what they charge per dish.  The ribs were good and tender but its so expensive for how little they give you. I was not a fan of the garlic fried rice that came with it really.  I would rather have my moms homemade filipino fried rice over their attempt at garlic fried rice any day with those ribs. The pancit palabok was good but i could get a better deal at red ribbon where its just as good but quality at red ribbon isnt as up there. Which I could live with.  I want to go one day for the all you can eat sunday breakfast, that will be a better chance to see how well they do with breakfast. :)
Lets start with this, We ordered 1 lechon kawali, 1 sisig, and one bulalo soup with a gulaman drink and spent $57!!!? You still there?... ok, each item costs $15 each plus tax. and the drink about 3 something, so i dont even know how we got charged that much. We never got our water until the food was almost done, which was 20 mins. of waiting time and never got water refills. Worst service I've had. Never coming back. Ill stick to Halo-Halo Kitchen thank you.
Came in just as they opened on a Saturday afternoon. I'm new to Arizona, and eager to discover new places and make new "faves"  They didn't have anything cooked for turo-turo combination meals, and could only order from their full entree menu, which is pretty pricey for filipino food.  I am a big fan of sisig. My favorite sisig is from the now closed Betchay's in San Diego. So, I'm putting Gingerroot's sisig to the challenge. And at $15 for the entree, the expectations are high. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. The sisig was extremely greasy, and chewy. The lumpia shanghai was good. Golden brown, crispy, and not greasy.
I woke from a drunken stupor not knowing where I was & how I got here.  The last thing I remember seeing prior to the temporary shut down of my eyelids was Blue Martini and the next thing I know, I ended up in the Philippines!    This place had all the makings of a typical Filipino disco lounge...the flowing San Miguel Beer, Filipino servers speaking Tagalog, and Karaoke!  We sat in the patio to get away from the interesting music selections by one of the restaurant patrons and because it was nice to be out there soaking up the mild summer heat.  The menu was a little blurry because the alcohol was starting to kick in a bit so all I could remember were the pretty steep prices & large selection of items.  I was a little disappointed that some of the entrees didn't come with rice because...well...Filipinos eat practically everything with rice!  Hearing "no sorry ma'am it doesn't come with rice" immediately snapped me out of my lethargic state and I almost keeled over in my seat.  I ended up ordering the topsilog (tocino w/ 2 fried eggs served over garlic fried rice) because of this.  I don't know if it was the alcohol or if I just didn't have high expectations but it was the best Topsilog I've ever had in my 26 years of existence!  The sizzling Sisig platter that the BF ordered was also just as good.  Who would've thought that the one of best Filipino food restaurants could be found slightly off the strip?!!    This will definitely be a a required stop the next time I'm in town...especially since I have yet to try the drinks there & the assortment of Pancit & desserts!!
Hey Hey second review coming from someone who was completely sober. (soberness declined the longer i stayed...)  Three Stars  Went on the 'Wet T-Shirt' Night. They advertised that the event would start at 11, we left at 1 and the girls didn't even put T-Shirts on the DJ WOULD NOT STFU i was about to rally a majority of the guys to put money together so we can pay the DJ to STFU.   Tuesdays is "Ladies Night" the advantage is free shots for the ladies and 1dollar guy's shots. People, these shots DO NOT come from the bar, you have to flag down one of the waitresses to get these shots and of the available waitresses...none of them carried bottles for shots...  The bar area and the outside area are free for all, meaning you're either standing or fighting over the seats. A table is a 100 dollars for standard 200 for large table.   The bar is off the hinges, Ryan, the bartender, isn't Filipino but the man can multitask and his proportions from booze to mixer is VERY high quality. Food is amazing too, garlic fried rice is just...well i was like NOM NOM NOM to my plate. Had huge hunks of breathe fouling garlic, with out a doubt the best thing on that combo plate i ordered  Would come back to this place because of the food, but as far as the events, they'll milk as much of the glory as they can before they bring up their side of the bargain.
Good little dive lounge tucked away in a huge strip mall just off the strip.  Fast service even though the live band was atrocious and louder than Stoney's on friggin' ladies night :)  Filipino food was quite good and the fried fares were also pleasing to the palate.  Chicken Fingers Calamari Filipino Shi Shi (PorK) w/white rice  All Good!
Gimik da lounge is the funniest pinoy boy restaurant that i've ever been to. It's more like a local lounge and restaurant for the locals there in Vegas.   So when we arrived at the door, there was a greeter, I forgot his name (I was too intoxicated to remember). I'll call him tito boy.   I don't know what his position is on this establishment but here are the things that he did to make our visit so unforgetful:  Tito Boy greeted us at the door Tito Boy sitted us Tito Boy took our order Tito Boy killed the cows from the farm, made the chicken lay eggs and cooked it for us. Tito Boy served us the food Tito Boy took photos of us (Don't ask me why, For the weekly email events?) Tito Boy Gave us the check   AND BETTER yet:  Tito Boy was also DJ at the same time. hahah  I wanna be like him, he's my idol. I love this place, they also serve Red horse beer. Yee!
Best place to eat sinigang! hands down! and a stripper pole and karaoke?! what what in the butt! lol! If you want to get away from the club scene and just eat/drink/sing this is the place to go! and have a little kick out of people singing, feels like I was in the PI in LV.
Gimik is a really fun place. I'm not Filipino myself but it didn't stop everyone from speaking tagalog to me lol! The staff and crowd there are some of the friendliest, wildest, and craziest people I've ever met! My girlfriend took me to this place and I have to say that I really got an introduction to what party animals really are here. All in all, a really fun place to cap off the night with.
Feels like i'm back in the PI when i walk into this joint. I've been here a couple times and enjoyed it most when the house band was playing. They do cover songs and take requests, the other yelp reviewer was right though, if the volume scale was from 1-10 they'd be at an 11. haha.   Service: The bartender is really attentive, which is cool because he's the only one there. The drinks are strong and very reasonably priced. Mixed drinks and shot can be had for $6-8. The waitresses that serve the food are friendly, and are always around to check on their patrons.   Food: just like back home. Their Sisig Lechon is the bees knees. The garlic rice is perfect. The chicharon bulaklak is warm and crispy, perfect with the side of vinegar they give you. These 3 dishes were enough to feed 3 hungry dudes, and it was reasonably priced at about $30 for all of it after tax.   Misc: The place is kinda small, but there is a small lounge room with a disco ball and stripper pole. Kinda cool. To escape the overbearing sound of the band, try sitting outside, but beware if you don't like second hand smoke. Oh, they have Red Horse here!  Overall, this is a nice chill spot to go if you're missing Pinas. Its easy on the wallet, and if you're here with friends its a good place to drink, eat, and listen to music.
I had heard of this bakery from a competitor who holds shop in Chandler.  I have fond memories of delicious cakes from Red Ribbon from birthday parties of years past back home.   Filipinos LOVE to throw a party, and I swear cakes from Red Ribbon were always present.  You can imagine the nostalgia that swept over me, then, when I finally found this bakeshop situated near the food court in Arizona Mills.  The shop looked so pretty- all lit up and all these enticing baked goods wrapped in plastic/cellophane with candy-red printing.  (Hmm... an alarm went off in my head after seeing them all wrapped up.)  The shop looked very clean, with welcoming tables and chairs, and my, how lovely those cake rolls look in the case!  Imagine, then, my disappointment upon reading the nutrition info on these plastic-wrapped goods to find that most, if not all, items are made with margarine, not butter.  These baked goods failed the "farm vs. factory" test- ingredients listed sound more like they're mechanically-produced in a factory rather than being all-natural, such as "flour, eggs, butter, milk," etc.  Before sampling what I must admit was a delicious morsel of mocha crunch cake, I asked if the frosting contained powdered sugar.  The sales clerk looked at his coworker, whom I assumed is a manager, who looked at him, then looked at me, and then said "We think it's whipped cream."  Think??  How can you not know what ingredients are used in the products you sell?  I also inquired if any items are made on-site.  No, he said.  Everything is shipped/trucked in, and the only preparations done at the bakeshop are the frying- the FRYING- of the empanadas and the re-heating of the siopao and noodle dishes.    Sorry Red Ribbon, but this Filipina only wants goods baked with butter, not margarine.  I said BAKED, not fried.  With the exception of the pie shell used in the egg pie, all of the pastries served at Manila Bakery are made on-site, so you won't find preservatives listed in the ingredients, as well.    My fond memories of those cakes will have to be just that, memories.  All the better when it comes to those twice-daily weigh-ins...
On the second and third visit, I tried the lumpiang sariwa, the arroz caldo and the ensaymada.  I was struck in awe with the first bite. The lumpia wrapper with the sweet sauce was so good. The filling had only carrots, potatoes, and a leaf of lettuce only (sigh*) unlike the traditional lumpia  which had more ingredients (peanuts, singkamas etc.) .    I would give a 3-star for that not-so-fresh lumpia and the filling, but the manager was so nice and sweet that I want to keep coming back --- and to add to it, their other dishes like dinuguan and the arroz caldo are delicious. They probably just made a mistake on the lumpia. And I haven't tried all their cakes yet.  I loved the arroz caldo even if it wasn't the traditional arroz caldo I know. Because they added mushrooms to it and I wasn't able to find saffron in it. But it was still good but not as good as what I am used to eating back home, in small food stands along the smoky and busy streets of Manila.   Back home, the arroz caldo had no mushrooms or anything fancy, it had ox tripe, intestines, chicken, and saffron. I miss the streets food I'm used to =p I haven't tried the arroz caldo in Red Ribbon back home so I am unable to compare it to this one, sayang!  I loved the ensaymada...just like the ones I buy in local bakeries back home but better. I just love the taste of margarine because it tastes like home to me =) This was better than the one back home because they used Parmesan and cheddar cheese.  I am still coming back for more!!! I still haven't tried the sansrival here yet and the mango cake. =) I want the Ube shake next time too =)
I ordered the Arroz Caldo (Chicken/Shitiake Mushrooms/Green Onions in Congee)- it was very tasty.  My friend ordered the Palabok which was unfortunately not so great.  The cakes that I've tried are stupendously moist, light and flavorful.  Most pleasantly suprised.
The place really resembled the Red Ribbon in the Philippines but it's  a smaller place and less classy environment than what I was used to back home. I could remember that back home, since it merged with Jollibee, it had updated its restaurants to contemporary interior designs. But here, it was so small and cute that maybe it wasn't able to show off much.   The food tastes like authentic Filipino dishes and it was goood!!! We had dinuguan, a dish made with chopped liver, heart, and other insides and placed in a delicious soup made of chicken blood. hehehe. It's like tinumis but I like the former better. What I didn't like about their dinuguan was it didn't have any of the liver, heart and all the tasty animal insides and stuff I like about it (as if blood stew was not an issue here, i miss betamax!) --- has chopped pork and fat only =( sigh*. Probably it played it safe for its other customers who staves off uric acid and for the gastronomically weak people hehe.  We sampled the banana walnut cake and cheese mamon which also tasted good and moist. For cake, I got chocolate mousse and brazo de mercedes. I didn't like the brazo de mercedes =p I had better... I want my brazo to have more creamy goodness in the middle (thicker filling please)... I remember I had better brazo de mercedes in goldilocks and even in a local bakery back home than this one. I enjoyed the mousse though. Probably I'll try more cakes here in the future =)  I was spying while other people were eating their meals =p The family next to us had lumpiang sariwa (fresh lumpia) and I smiled because when the mom took a first bite out of it, she said "mmmmm." hehehe. I'll try the lumpia next time! =)  What I loved the most was the pancit palabok =) It was so delicious! It's almost at par with Tonang's palabok in kalentong. Nothing can beat Tonang's but it's the next best thing (this is what a die hard fan of Tonang's says).   So...when I come back...watch out sansrival and ensaymada, you're next.
I love red ribbon....To an extent.         I was born and raised on Goldilocks(if you do not know what this is given the fact its only in two states CA/NV i forgive you) so it is impossible to sway me from them to red ribbon that's just crazy talk. Red ribbon would have to change their whole way of doing things and add more to their menus and bakery selections.  I find it SEVERELY annoying that a chain Filipino restaurant such as this one to not carry ensymada rolls without ube or macapuno(coconut). I swear Arizona is making it impossible for me all my favorite things i have to order online or have shipped over by family in San Jose, CA. Disappointing and Pathetic if you ask me.  Arizona has a minimal but decent amount of Filipinos in the state...Why can't i find anything worth going to on a regular basis?!         Red ribbon has the better cakes so far that i can remember versus Goldilocks but i might be just basing it merely on the mousse cake i tried from red ribbon. I HATE regular cake except my red velvet cake or any of the cakes from nothing bundt cakes will work for me. Anyhow Red ribbon like i said has some Amazing chocolate mousse cake that is just to die for. That is the one thing i will recommend over and over.  I would rather have that on my birthday then a real birthday cake. But hey that is just me! i am not a fan of buttercream at all so does not excite me in the slightest.  Red ribbon managers please make me some ensyamadas with ube pretty please and send it over to the mills mall i would greatly appreciate it so i do not have to order a pack of 12 from Goldilocks for me to eat by myself! =[
There are a few Filipino restaurants here in the valley but this is the ONLY Red Ribbon in the state of Arizona. I've been to a few of these joints in Cali, Vegas, the Philippines... and I must say, for the size of this location and the limited menu its still a great place to eat at if you're craving pinoy food. Its located inside of AZ Mills Mall (not in the food court).  The baked goods are not fresh but the entries are. The palabok is on point! One of my faves. Its really hard to mess up palabok though. The deserts were ok.
They have palabok! But they don't sale ube cake anymore since two months ago :(
Not good empanada
Closed today.  I don't know for how long, maybe out of business?!
On previous visits, I've had decent service and always liked their chicken empanadas, which I still like. And If I happen to be at AZ mills already, then I'd deal with the luke warm service just to order one to munch on while shopping.  So, prior to today, I would have rated them a 3 or 4 star.   Today, I drove out just because my brother had been really craving a good piece of cake. So we trekked it out to Red Ribbon.   Starting with the good.  The eating area was clean.  My almost 2 year old daughter loved playing on the cool orange chairs.    Unfortunately, my brother & I don't recommend going out of your way, like we did, just to come & try Red Ribbon at AZ Mills.  So, Now with the not so good, my brother decided on a red velvet cupcake.  There were three on a tray along with 3 chocolate mint cupcakes and a white cupcake.  The sales lady told him, "Oh that's just for display."  My brother & I exchange glances, because he was just joking about this possibly happening!     The sales lady promptly suggested we buy the four pack of mint chocolate cupcakes. My brother didn't like the look of the chocolate cupcakes, plus he only wanted one!  So, he asked for the only other cupcake option, one white cupcake. She told him it was for display also.   I suggested that maybe they should sell the cupcakes individually. She responded that they do that. So, I was thinking OK, so why can't he order that red velvet cupcake? but oh, well, maybe it was old.   Slightly perturbed, but not yet willing to abandon our quest, i ordered the Ube Boba Shake, because they were out of Mango.  While my bro made his final choice, he noticed there was one white cupcake, that was in the tall refrigerator behind the counter.  It was inside a plastic four pack container, along with one chocolate mint cupcake.  The lady said, "Oh, that's just icing from a previous mango cupcake..." My bro asked to see that one anyway.   She seemed to me, to be reluctant as she went to the fridge & got out the pack. And lo and behold, it was not just icing, it was a white cupcake. Odd that she would tell us that it was just icing.   So, my brother asked if he could get that one, specifically pointing to the white cupcake in the pack. The lady again, proceeded to put the four pack of mint chocolate cupcakes in a bag...   My brother & looked at each other again. I told her that this was just confusing and that she looked like she was getting stressed out & I apologized for that. But, my bro wanted that one white cupcake. She finally rung us up for that mango cupcake. Relieved to be done with us, she quickly asked the next customer if she could help them, without giving me my Ube Shake. I asked if it was ready?  Without saying anything, she walked away to the back, then came back & told me they're still making it. In my head, I'm thinking, OK....I just don't get the feeling that we are a valued customer.   While waiting for my shake, I tasted the cupcake that was so difficult to get.  I liked the icing, because it was light and not overly sweet.  But the cupcake itself, was nothing special to write about.   My brother also told me he tried their pancit on a previous visit and thought it was, in his words "Blegh!"   I told him how I like their chicken empanadas, but he was no longer interested in trying anymore of their food.   When I finally got my shake shortly after, it was nice & cold and had a thick texture like a shake should have, but really did not taste great. Mainly because the boba had a strange texture to it, like some parts were hard and some semi soft.   Also, to be fair, I'm usually not an ube fan in general. But, even still, I just thought it tasted bland and with a hint of sweetness/ chalkiness. I guess I was hoping for something more exotic with such a bold purple color. I think the price of $3 something after taxes is high for what you get.   I suggest taking two more steps passed Red Ribbon to Gloria Jeans or Haagen Daz if just want a good shake.  And I will save my Boba Shake cravings for Lollicup or AZ Boba Tea House.   So unfortunate that we didn't have a good experience at all.  I really want to support our local Filipino restaurants. Hence, why we went out of our way to get to Red Ribbon.    I feel bad giving them a 1 star, so I'm giving them an extra star...If Red Ribbon can improve on their customer service at least, then I would recommend people  try it.  Because I'm sure they've got to have something good on their menu, it's just we didn't have any luck with what we ordered nor with the service...
I'm not big on Filipino take out but the girls wanted Filipino food and this was right next door to our hotel.  The food is better tasting than Goldilocks but some of the stuff looks like it was from the day before. I had the pork tocino with the garlic rice and I didn't finish it. It wasn't bad, it just didn't compare to my dad's awesome cooking. Just Like I said, I'm not big on Filipino fast food.   The 3 stars are for when we were fiending Asian rice and they were able to accomodate. LOL
We came here because we (all 15 of us filipinos) were craving some good food.  PROS: * Located close to our hotel.  In between Planet Holleywood and MGM Grand in the Hawaiian Village Marketplace. * They are open for breakfast for some topsilog cravings.  * Pork kabobs and lechon was good. * Staff was really friendly. * Pricing was affordable.   $7.45 for a two item combo & comes with a scoop of rice. * You can opt for garlic rice instead of the plain white rice.  (Too bad I didn't see this option when I ordered).  CONS: * They didn't have icecream or flan to make Halo Halo "especial", so I decided not to order this. *Pancit had too much cabbage.
Looking for something quick and different--the "Filipino Fast Food" sign on this place fit the bill. It's tucked into the corner of the--crap for sale--circus/bazaar type huts.   What's nice about this place is that it's quiet. At least that's the case in February. The people behind the counter are nice. I just wish the food didn't taste like it had been out for a few too many hours.   If it weren't for that--this place would be three stars, because despite the aged food, I didn't think it was too bad. Cheap even!
i came here on the recommendation of a friend who had breakfast here.   working a trade show in vegas make you crave for some down home cooking. sadly enough i could cook better than this restaurant with one eye closed.  my craving for rice was satisfied, but the whole filipino food experience was extremely dissatissfied.   the only thing i like about this place is the fact that they have sarsi.  if you have a car, im pretty sure there are other filipino places out there that would be better off.
Value for money Filipino food for last than US$10 per person depending on number of dishes with rice.   Food is tasty but a bit salty for me, it is alright when it goes with rice. We had fried fish and tried the chicken adobo. We takeaway some of the Filipino satay which is stick of pork chunks.  The Halo Halo dessert was served in a cup & not in a bowl. It is shaved ice with topping and normally with ice cream. Taste is not bad, but was hard to eat from a straw and there was no ice cream.
I found it surprising when I saw this one day walking to work at PH. A Flipino spot on the strip? Why yes, in the Hawaiian marketplace.   I get tired of the stuff in my work so I grab some to-go for my lunch one day. It was early so I got the "breakfast" items- Tocino and Tapa and was able to get garlic rice. Decent and hit the spot.   Have also had their lechon, beef steak, kare kare, BBQ sticks,torta talong/eggplant, fried milkfish/bangus, etc and it's pretty standard and decent, but I've had better. Still the location was definitely appealing. Come here if youre on the strip looking for "different" cheap eats, but if you have a car go take a drive to some other Filipino spots off strip.
Found out that there was a Filipino restaurant on the strip so we decided to get breakfast here.  The employees seemed somewhat rude... I guess they have to deal with drunk people a lot but it's no excuse.  The food was nothing special and they charged my cousin like $2-3 for a fried egg.   They sell a few snacks from the PI as well such as chips.
Mmmm....pussit.  Love me some purple squid.  Had some chicken caldereta too and it was good.  My mom enjoyed the sinigang and fried tilapia.  Kind of small portions for the price but I guess it's a little more expensive because it's on the strip.  A good selection of to go Filipino food.  Place is clean but nothing fancy.    Free parking in the back, enter on the small lot right before the Hawaiian Marketplace.
I was hungry and wanted something filling and inexpensive.  Thank God my husband saw their sign as we were walking down the street.  It's located somewhere between Planet Hollywood and MGM at the back of one of the shopping complexes.  It's your typical turo-turo....go in, fall in line, point to whatever dish you want to order, the cashier at the end will ring up your bill.  I ordered lechon paksiw and binagoongang baboy... i was happy with my order.  My husband ordered beef steak and adobong pusit... he was happy with his order too.  If you're in the area and want inexpensive Filipino food, this place will do.
Who would expect this place to be on the strip in vegas?  We were looking for a cheap place to get a bite, and get away from the regular-vegas-strip-type-people for a minute, and this was the place.  The food was fresh, and it wasn't too expensive.  I'll go back!
Owners/servers are rude. 3 of us bought 2 vegetable eggrolls and 2 banana eggrolls and when we ask for napkins, the "husband/server" looked at us like "What you want napkins?" and gave us 3 napkins. No thank you's like you would get from American restaurants. While I was waiting for the vegetable eggrolls, the "wife/server" ask me if I want vinegar and when I said no, this is what she said, "Don't think that I pour the vinegar on your eggroll, it comes separate in a container." First of all, I don't like vinegar, period. Why the insult? Since the 3 of us are going to LA in separate vehicles, I ask for another plastic bag for myself and the "wife/server" had a frown on her face and sort of "flung" the bag to me without saying anything. For $2.00, their vegetable eggrolls taste like paper and their $1.50 banana eggrolls are so sweet you can't find the bananas. Most Filipinos are nice or try to be nice but this dive is something I wouldn't patronize again.
This was the first time eating at a Filipino restaurant, and the items here were pretty good I thought.  We walked in and looked at all the dishes available, and were amused to see another couple, very touristy looking, (You know, the type that would normally eat at Chili's or PF Chang's on vacation) walk in a few minutes later, take one look at the food, then walk quickly out.  Other than the chicken adobo, I honestly don't know the names of the other items we ordered, but one of them was a pork belly dish with shrimp paste, another was a clear noodle dish.  The flavors in the entrees are strong, and for the most part, I really liked them.  The pork dish with shrimp did start to lose its appeal halfway through though, as I started to get tired of the strong seafood taste in the background.  The chicken adobo was probably my favorite.  It had a hint of more vinegar than other adobos I've had, which I thought gave it a little more extra flavor.  The portions are pretty good, and they also sell Filipino snacks and drinks in the shop as well.
Running into this filipino restaurant was hilarious! I was with family and uh, my cousin was a little drunk walking into this place. Singing and everything! It was only 3pm!! That's what Vegas does to you! haha! Anyways, not only were the owners/employees and even some other customers laughing, they were singing too! haha! The food was really good and satisfying! I normally don't have to pay for my sabow (sinigang soup) with my meal but Kapit charged 50 cents? or was it 25? I forget so I was a littled bummed it wasn't included. We enjoyed our meals though! Great prices and good food!
Saturday morning after a long and enduring night of partying, they wanted some filipino breakfast.  It was around 11, and we assumed that they would have a full arsenal of breakfast food since, well, vegas doesn't wake up until then anyway.  They had the lunch items out, absent any common breakfast items like fried eggs, garlic rice etc. They did have langonisa and tocino though.   We got a combo which had lechon kawali, (yeah for breakfast, I know) and langonisa, and regular rice. The portioning was small, and for a pricey fee of $8.00   The only aspect of the meal I thoroughly enjoyed was the langonisa (am I spelling this correctly), everything else was just ok.
Saturday morning after a long and enduring night of partying, they wanted some filipino breakfast.  It was around 11, and we assumed that they would have a full arsenal of breakfast food since, well, vegas doesn't wake up until then anyway.  They had the lunch items out, absent any common breakfast items like fried eggs, garlic rice etc. They did have langonisa and tocino though.   We got a combo which had lechon kawali, (yeah for breakfast, I know) and langonisa, and regular rice. The portioning was small, and for a pricey fee of $8.00   The only aspect of the meal I thoroughly enjoyed was the langonisa (am I spelling this correctly), everything else was just ok.
Um.. the food looks like it's been sitting out for quite some time.  Rare gem though, get the coconut water after a fun filled night of drinking because it will clean you out of all your toxins and naughties. =)
My family and friends WILL definitely keep coming to this restaurant whenever we are in Las Vegas.  Their squid is perfectly cooked.  The adobo is as close to perfection you will ever taste.  ANOTHER big plus, their desserts are not too sweet and just right.  Highly Recommended!
Had some halo halo and it was good.  Hard to find but worth it for Filpino fast food.
Why does their longonisa look like hot dogs? :(   This place wasn't bad... their pusit & shrimp paste(dunno the name) dish was pretty good, but they don't give enough rice and the sinigang was super watery... and not sour at all :(   & I was drunk so I don't even remember if it was reasonably priced or not hahah
Pan fried fish, chicken (looked like it had curry sauce), and pork with two sides of rice = $13!   It was probably the cheapest meal I had in Vegas and it was good. I only fish their food was labeled since I am not familiar with Filipino food. Now if someone came in and was not familiar with Asian food at all... he/she would be in trouble.
This joint on the strip was not even decent but it has mediocre food.  I stopped by for a late breakfast and I regret it.    The rice leans towards the congee side, the soup dish was bland, and like previous reviewers say the longganisa was like a hot dog and it tasted weird.  The price was sort of expensive, too.    I dunno why I ended up here maybe I was jonesin' or something.  I should have eaten at the Bally where they had the cheapo prime rib breakfast.
Walked under triple digit weather to satisfy our excitement to eat Filipino dish right on the strip just didn't satisfy my palet nor the mile walk.  Apart from the very unfriendly server/cashier who was on the phone constantly the food was all salty. Salo Salo Restaurant take over please.
Wow, harsh reviews!  I found the guy behind the counter helpful.  He steered me in the right direction and I got a meal I really enjoyed.   BBQ'd tilapia and Chicken Adobo were very tasty.
The Female who serves the food is not friendly at all, thats all i can say :(
Be wary of this place, they recently had a C rating for the health inspection.   The food is very greasy, the woman is very unpolite, and the rice is not firm, it's mushy. After hearing about the bad health inspection rating, I know I will NEVER eat here again.
During the middle of our trip to Vegas Nancy was craving some rice (it's an Asian thing), so we went to Kapit Bahay, a little hole-in-the-wall located on the far right end of the Hawaiian Marketplace (HM is between the Harley Davidson Cafe and MGM Grand). We both ordered the 2 item combo + rice: pusit and sinagang for Nancy, menudo and picadillo for me. The food was standard Filipino fare, nothing great, but not bad either. Nancy did like the Pusit (little squid).The food would rate 2 & 1/2 stars, but since we paid less than $20 for both meals and two cans of soda, that merits bringing up the overall rating to 3 stars. Not too many places on the Strip that you can get a decent meal for two people for under $20.  Don't expect too much with the service, it is completely utilitarian. Kind of like a cafeteria.
Love the breakfast. Wish they had bangus for breakfast
Kare-kare, menudo, fresh lumpia, arroz caldo, siopao, leche flan...all great Filipino dishes that you'll find on Kapit Bahay's website...  ...but won't find at the restaurant...at least when I was there.  Admittedly, I probably got a little too excited to finally try some non-family-made Filipino cuisine, and the location--right on the Las Vegas Strip across from the City Center--was super-convenient.  I ended up with a disappointing experience--getting a plate of rice with pancit and pork adobo and a side of longaniza.  The longaniza was okay, but the pancit and adobo were pretty unexciting.  This, with a can of Coke, was about $10.50--a little pricey for the relatively small portions you get.
pros...since i am reminiscing about last year's thanksgiving in Las Vegas, i might as well yelp this other place as well.  this is what i find to be a typical pilipino style restaurant.  kapit bahay means neighbor in tagalog the national dialect of the philippines.  so i guess it just depends on how well your neighbor cooks as to whether you like their food or not.  this particular neighbor, which really it was a neighbor cause it was in the store fronts directly in front of the polo towers, was ok.  service was typical asian restaurant, nothing to write home about.  the food was decent, and was at least warm.  the place was clean but not tidy, as there were take out boxes and other things out in the open.  not bad, but not exactly inviting either.    i had orderd the longanisa or philippine style sausage, short and fat and this one was full of fat.  some eggs and some regular rice.  there was a choice of garlic fried rice, but i like to stick with something fresh, or is it "presh"?  as the chances of the garlic fried rice being from leftover rice is most likely, but of course that's what you're supposed to make it out of, it's just better.  i got bottled water. typical breakpast.    cons...well this one i think was being renovated or something, as they had exposed beams and other heating and ventilation ducts hanging outside of the drop down ceiling tiles.  the place was clean but not tidy, and the little store made snacks were out on display were just casually strewn about haphazardly.  but nothing "dirty", just not very neat.
Loved it, we had to drive to jollibee for Filipino food from palazzo costing us 30 dollars! This was right on the strip. Food was awesome and we are grabbing some halo halo to go in order to beat the heat! Highly recommend
Don't waste your time or money here. My boyfriend and I stopped in because we were excited to find a filipino fast food restaurant. As soon as we stepped in, we were glared down by the lady behind the counter. She rolled her eyes when I asked her what the dishes were (there were no signs and nothing looked like what she described it to be). The food was dry, and crusted over, and each dish was a monochrome color where you can't distinguish between the meat and the vegetable. The lady kept rolling her eyes as I looked at each dish. It got so bad that my boyfriend noticed and said we need to leave-- she clearly wasn't interested in our business. I had never experienced such rude behavior; and I wouldn't expect it from any reasonable person, much less from someone in a customer service role. I was caught off-guard by her animosity, as I was incredibly polite from the get-go; I considered that maybe it was a race thing but after reading several older reviews, I guess I feel slightly better that it wasn't personal-- sounds like her rudeness is non-discriminatory. Some people be cray.
Adobo was too greasy and the puncit had been sitting out a long time by the time I got there. Pass on the Halo Halo. No flavor.
The worst tasting filipino food ive ever tasted in my life. Food was cold and wasnt fresh. rice smelled funny. best to say filipino food is better cooked at home. The 2 reasons why it didnt get  1 star is 1. Its on the strip and 2. only pinoy spot.on the strip.
Always great to have breakfast here.
My friends recommended this place to me the last time I was in Vegas, but it was closed when I checked it out. I was able to check it out this past weekend when I was in Vegas again.  The place is a hole in the wall, and it looks a bit dingy. It is right next to an Asian massage parlor.  It seems to be a family run restaurant. The lady who served me was very nice and friendly. She kept on asking me questions whether i tried Filipino food before, and she provided recommendations.  For the amount that they give you, the price you pay is awesome. You get a nice bang for your buck. THe chicken adobo is boneless so that's a plus, and the gravy is sooo good to mix in the rice with. I also tried the beef stew, which she recommended to me. it was peanutty and yummy. I wish I ordered with a bit more spice, but I'm not sure if Flip food has spicy dishes? I'm not sure. I wouldn't mind coming back here again for some cheap grub when I'm back in Vegas since it is walking distance on the strip to MGM, Aria, etc...  PS - the food didn't look appetizing on the steamer trays since it looked all dried up, but it was still pretty tasty and moist.
I have come to the conclusion that there are no Filipino vegetarians. They do have vegetable dishes here, but all made with fish or meat stocks. Located in the Hawaiian Village Kapit Bahay offers authentic Filipino cuisine. The shop itself is warm and inviting, the food is fresh and kept well. The woman at the counter offered many samples to my friends. Reviews from the others were that the Pork Adobo and Chicken Curry dishes were good. My Filipino friend thought the Halo Halo was good as well. Prices were very reasonable for fresh, authentic food right on the strip. So while there was no vegetarian options, I do like saying Halo Halo.
Came here for lunch accidentally after a supposedly lunch with friends who invited us to their time share building which was around the area.  After looking around for for almost an hour (nobody seems to know them ) We gave up and decided to go back to our hotel .  We walked pass this Filipino restaurant right on the mall entrance & decided to give it a try . It looked pretty decent & clean & the staff seem quite friendly.  There is a buffet alright but choices are limited ..and since it was already pass 2:00 pm my hunger pangs are beginning to react. .  My friend & I tried their combo.  2 Kinds of dishes with rice for  $6.99 .  I had the   Pork Adobo & Pampano Sinigang.  It was not  the best but I was hungry ... I finished it in a flash !! . That's probably why there was just one table occupied .  My friend ordered the  Pinakbet  & Paksiw.   Nothing really compares to that Kusina ni Lorraine Buffet which to me is one of  the best Filipino buffets in Vegas so far.  Would I go back to this Place  ?  Probably not  !!
Really tasty. Was at Spring Mountain location, lady's a crack up. Loaded up for under $8.
Kapit Bahay moved to Chinatown. They are no longer in Hawaiian marketplace. (As of 5/20/2014) I am mourning. Lol. I can't walk from my hotel and get my nom nom on.  What Asian options do I have? Aha!! Dumpling & Noodle house :) it's not jungle food but it's suffice until they open another Filipino eatery that's walking distance. :)
Good food.. But the cashier/server doesnt seem so happy. I've been here twice and same attitude.. It would get 4 stars, if they had an attitude change. i was hoping they were just having a bad day the first tym, but I dont think they like what theyre doing. Prolly not gonna come back unless I am dying to have filipino food. And I love filipino food!
I went here ten years ago and it was bad. Yesterday, I thought I would give them another chance. The food was disappointing. The pork sinigang was over cooked and dry. The rice was crunchy. I will never go here again. I also bought sweet rice wrapped in banana leaves and it was over priced and disgusting. You can go to the 99 Ranch market and get better food.
This place reminds me of home(hawaii) this is the kind of filipino food im talking about
If I was coming just for the adobo fried rice omelette - think of a burrito (chunks of adobo meat in adobo fried rice wrapped in an omelette), I would give this place 4 stars. But you would soon forget the adobo fried rice omelette after suffering from the service. My four friends didn't get their food after waiting for an hour and one of them just got spam and eggs. Seriously? an hour for spam and eggs? what!?   I would come back here only if I called it in for pick up. Yes , only for pick up unless you want to faint from hunger. The other dishes were just ordinary but the adobo fried rice was the best version of adobo i have ever had.
Due to my temporary hectic schedule, finding the time to eat dinner in between getting off work and to school is scarce!   I wanted to pick something up on the way to school but I didn't want to go out of the way from my destination. I wanted to avoid fast food and craving for a bowl of rice with a type of meat. Well I ran into and had 2 choices on the way to school on E. Desert Inn and Eastern area, Jun's Korean BBQ or Elena's Filipino Food.   I chose Elena's and regret eating Pork Adobo Fried Rice Omelet and Lumpia.  Lumpia looked fresh and crispy , which absolutely differed from the taste, inside was soft and watery. I ate it anyways because I was famished and needed food in my tummy.  The pork adobo fried rice omelet was simple, just rice, pork meat, adobo sauce mixed in and wrapped with egg. The sauce had too much vinegar and the smell was so strong that I was embarrassed of my own food and culture while I was eating this in class.  Today, I still taste the strong vinegar in my mouth.....  I should have went to Jun's Korean BBQ....
This place is right by my house and I've frequented it on more than one occasion. The people are always friendly and the food is absolutely delicious. On occasion I have even been treated to a free portion of some dish that I asked about. There was maybe one time that my pansit (sp) didn't taste 100% fresh, but that's it. The price is right, the portions are good, and it beats the heck out of fast food chains. A poor college man's dream.  Though the majority of my experiences have been in ordering take out, I must agree that the atmosphere leaves a little something to be desired. The service is as slow as you would expect from a hole in the wall place like this, but it has never been to the point where it bothered me.   I've eaten there plenty of times and, business willing, I intend to eat there plenty more.  After reading the guidelines I feel morally obliged to edit: This is my first time writing for yelp but far from the first time using it. This was sparked by a sign at Elena's saying a free gift for "a review". So I whipped out my smartphone and posted away. Everything I said was my honest opinion, regardless of any gift. You wanna know what the gift was? Wait for it... FREE FOOD! Woooo! Now this poor college student can eat for that much longer simply for sharing his opinions. God bless America!
Elena's satisfies the cravings for filipino (ILOCANO) style cooking! The adobo fried rice and shrimp sarciado are my family's favorites...yummy! The atmosphere is clean and service is friendly. It is a place away from home that keeps us going back for more! If you are looking for the "fat, oily, bland, coconut-drowned" filipino foods of other filipino style of cooking then, don't review and expect to get that from here. Elena's serve only fresh, tasty REAL native style cooking!  Service time is reasonable..if you want fast food...go to McDonalds!!!!
Wow.  The Pork Adobo Fried Rice Omelet - how did they do that?  Amazing to see - but even better to taste!  It's HUGE.  Great Value, and not just rice - lots of big chunks of YUMMY PORK.  Great Flavor.  I ran in at lunch time, had the dish & iced tea - and was out in 30 minutes.  Everything is cooked to order - but it was quick. I liked the feel of the restaurant.  So neat and clean with music from Hawaii.  Definitely will go back - the mixed plates sound really tasty, lots of good seafood on the menu as well.
The buffet is really nice.  A lot of variety to chose from.  Adobo fried rice is what I love best.  Too bad they don't have one like this in the Bay cause to tell you the truth they would blow all Filipino restaurants out of the water.  Service was really good and the place was really clean.
Are you Filipino from Hawaii and feeling nostalgic? Elena's might be your cure. This is ILOKANO food... yes, there a few small, but major, differences between TAGALOG & ILOKANO style Filipino cooking... so with that said, it automatically gets one extra star in the rating.   All I can say is... ADOBO OMELET. Yummmmm. Vinegary! I likey.
We were in Vegas looking for a non-turo  turo Filipino restaurant. After driving around to all the yelp-reviewed Filipino restaurants, We decided to stick with Elena's Home of the Finest Filipino Food. Coming from Hawaii and having eaten at Elena's in Waipahu, we trusted the quality of the food. For a party of 8 we ordered: Kare Kare, Sari Sari, Shrimp Sinigang, Lumpia Shanghai, Pancit, Lechon Special, and of course, Halo Halo for dessert!   Everything was great! I loved the Kare Kare (9.99) --perfect balance of creaminess, peanut butter, vegetables, and meat.  Sari Sari (7.99) we very savory and wonderful all around.  The Shrimp Sinigang (8.99) had lots of large shrimp and married sour and salty flavors very well. The Lumpia Shanghai was a hit ( 3.99 for 6 pieces) -- homemade and very crunchy - just the way we like it.  The Pancit we probably the weakest dish (6.75). It was a bit bland and lacked very much pizzazz. The Halo halo (4.99) was also nothing to write home about, lacking beans and generally overpriced in my opinion. The star dish of our meal was  the lechon special (8.99), chopped crispy pork with onions and tomatoes. We loooooved it!   Opened in August 2008, the restaurant is very clean and service was friendly. The ambiance and decor were very nice and warm. A great choice for Filipino dining that is a step above from those Turo turo's. If you're looking for some good homestyle Filipino food that it made to order, Elena's is the place to go to in Las Vegas. We will be back!
Elena's is just like how you remembered eating Filipino food home in Hawaii.  The same owners from Elena's Waipahu opened up this Filipino restaurant that beats all other Filipino restaurants in Vegas.   Pork, chicken/Fried rice adobe, lechon Kawali, pancit, pork gisantes, dinuguan, chicken calamungai, and lumpia are all the cures for my Filipino cravings.  The service staff are the owners and family members, so they are very friendly, welcoming and show Hawaii's Aloha spirit  with pride.  This place is a must if you're from Hawaii, or curious about trying Filipino food.
Home away from Home!    I'm from Hawaii and now living in San Diego and I'll say you cannot find Ilocano/Hawaii style food here.  So, whenever I go to Vegas I will make it a point to visit Elena's about 2-4 times throughout the duration of my visit.    My all time favorites:  Lechon Special (cut up pork tossed in a salty sauce like patis and vinegar with tomatoes & onions), adobo fried rice omlette, sari sari, pancit bihon, fried vinegar pork, banana and shanghai lumpia.  If you dine in they will give you all you can eat calrose rice.  To top it off Aloha Shoyou on the table.  YAY!   The staff and owners are always friendly.  Melissa and her husband manages  Elena's in Vegas and ironically every time I go there she just flew in herself from Hawaii.   Tata Teo and Nana Elena are the founders of Elena's and you would find them serving the customers too.   There's a lot of parking and it's only a few minutes away from the strip.  Easy to find and worth the drive.  I really wish they would open up an Elena's here in SD.
I was driving around LV looking for somewhere to have lunch and Elena's on Yelp seemed like a place to check out..   I tried the Chicken Adobo lunch special which came with a flavorful chicken soup with glass noodles for starters and the entree came with noodles, steam rice, lumpia and chicken Adobo. The chicken was tender fall off the bone delicious. Glass Noodles also very tasty and I also enjoyed the lumpia which was crisps on the outside and yummy tasting. See at:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cZbqG53WCsEyYHSocNZdLQ?action_user_photos=1   I'd definitely here in the future
My wife and I have a new place to regularly visit when visiting Las Vegas...ELENA'S!   My wife and I are both originally from Hawaii where the Filipino Food is of a very high standard due to the large Filipino population there. I, luckily, am married to my wife who is Ilocano and has since taught me the cuisine of Filipino food through her Mom's home cooking back in Hawaii. As we were eating lunch here on Sunday, Nov 14, I have never heard my wife utter the words "This Pancit tastes just as good as my Mom's." We had the buffet which had over a dozen things to choose from and everything was just good...... real good. The Adobo selections were plentiful and just right with that great vinegar taste! Adobo Omelette y'all! They even had Pork and Pumpkin which is one of my wife's favorites. The Monggo Beans was awesome and had a different taste from what I'm used to, but it was really tasty. One thing that set me just right was the little bowl of onions, tomatoes, and Bagoong as a side dish! I only usually have that at my In-Law's home during dinner!! We even had Hawaiian Sun drinks to top off the whole meal. I wanted to get some Halo-Halo but we were really full and could have used a nap to recover from all the food.  The service was quick and very welcoming. The overall look and feel of the restaurant is very home-style and themed to everything Filipino. Get away from casino food and make the short trip off the Strip to Elena's.
Had the shrimp with tomatoes and onions.  Sauce was delcious but the shrimp was definitely frozen and just OK.  Enjoyable but nothing too special.
Another award winning experience at Elena's in Las Vegas...   I had the lechon special with rice.. HMMMMMMM  Need I say more?!  Elena's Lechon Special is the BEST!
The restaurant was clean and roomy with lots of tables. You order at the counter and seat yourself.   Food on a 5 Star Scale:  Adobo pork omelete, 5 Star (yummy, loads of flavor)  Shanghai lumpia, 2 Star (a little bland, nothing special) Beef lumpia, 3.5 Star (tasty but oily) Lechon special, 3 Star (pork too fatty but flavorful) Mung beans (pork too fatty but flavorful, very tasty) Pinakbet (I'm used to a more condensed tomato base, again too much fat on the pork)  The flavors were there.  Very tasty and similar to Mom's cooking. I will go back and try something else next time.
The best Filipino food in da islands and da mainland! If your in Las Vegas you gotta get here!
When i think of Adobo Fried Rice omelets, I think of this place, Elena's!  *Omelet portions- big enough to fill you up to start your morning or any part of your day! I call it the Filipino Hawaiian Warrior Breakfast of champions because its so good, when i get this plate i never leave leftovers not even a splice of rice left seriously! Which leaves me a golden King Kamehameha Pot Belly!  *Omelet wholesome- pork adobo,loaded with golden brown fried rice, wrapped around with a layer of scramble eggs! It packs flavor! add aloha soy sauce on top of that for added zing pinoy power! Can i say this omelet looks phat!? no Fat with an F !!!   Stop by this place you can't miss it, it has the orange logo, they even provide filipino food buffets as well, its not pricey, its located outside the strip. If you want to save some bones for the tables for the strip or losing dollas from the slots, this place is jackpot!  Dear Elena's,  Please open a restaurant in So Cal... Salamat
Staff was friendly and welcoming. Was excited to try this place after finding it on yelp with rave reviews. That being said I was underwhelmed. The food (or what I had) was just ok.   I've read this is ilocano style food so it's not the exact style I grew up eating. We ordered adobo chicken fried rice omelet and a combo plate of pork adobo and pancit bihon. The omelet was good. The pork adobo had more vinegar and less soy than I cared for and pancit was bland and kinda dry. I know adobo is regional and I'll get a different adobo based on who is making it. It was good just not what I like.   Was going to attempt the buffet but the food looked so sad sitting under that heat lamp.   Overall it was just alright. I may go back to try the lechon and sinigang but not any time soon. I'll stick to kapit bahay for now.
YAY!  I'm a FAN OF ELENA's...   And  again I drove up to Vegas and guess where my first stop was?  Elena's for the Lechon Special and Pork Adobo fried rice.  We got there just in time before they closed.    Although the server seemed like he was a little stressed out I enjoy coming here.  I think I scared him because I had my family from Hawaii meet us and we ordered a lot of food.  +13 right before closing... Sorry manong...   Thank you for accommodating us...
The chicken Adobo is very good. I like the banana lumpia :)
Place was clean and service was helpful. Had the adobo fried rice, fried pork, and Sarciado shrimp. The meal was delicious.
Food was A-ok but service was awesome!
Love the food and prices. The service was great and they refill your drink when it's halfways...
Although some say that Las Vegas is Hawaii's 9th island, walking into Elena's - I was not expecting to see all the Ilima awards (a food award from Honolulu newspaper) and Hawaiian soft drinks on display. It was a shock of nostalgia. The whole place is orange - prepare yourself.  In regards to the food, in my opinion, I felt that it was not anything too special (Got the Adobo Pork Omelette Rice). Though friends couldn't stop raving over the omelette rice dishes - filipino food IS a rare find though / a possible reason.   A warning - taste the sauce for the eggrolls before you dip the eggroll in. You mayyy NOT like it.   I got to say though - the banana lumpia was delish!!! (We got it whole plate of them for checking in on Yelp ;))  We were helped by an amazing guy named Moses!
I was attracted by their video on their website. I made the mistake of watching it while studying in the library, and I was extremely hungary. needless to say, I immediately packed my school bag, got in my car, and drove to Elena's.  and i'm so happy i did.  My nanay passed away 6 years ago. She has not cooked for me since I was 12 or 13 years old. The food I got from Elena's.... tasted just like nanay's. It was surreal. It was exactly how I remembered her chicken adobo, pansit, and lumpiang shanghai. the soup was delicious as well.  I will be back every week. This is food for the soul right here.
So the original gameplan was to go to Elena's for the AYCE in the morning/brunch hours...didn't happen. We were lounging by the pool too long. Needless to say, our family was famished by the time we arrived at Elena's which was around 6pm.   The restaurant was strangely empty. I mean, nobody was in there...but us...and the employee. We were concerned that maybe they were still closed but left the door unlocked??? Hmmm...turns out they WERE open. We asked about the AYCE deal and "auntie" pointed us to the buffet of Filipino goodness!  It reminded me of your typical Filipino house party -- utensils and plates, along with the steamed rice at the start of the buffet, followed by a long table of various Filipino foods. But in addition to the steamed rice, they also had their famouse pork adobo omelet. I was interested in seeing how delicious this was since during my recent trip to Vegas I was able to devour the Aloha Kitchen version. The verdict? It was pretty good - only since it's a buffet, you're cutting a portion from the omelet (which they btw refill). At Aloha Kitchen, you get an entire portion to yourself. I'm sure the same is true if you were to order this a la carte.  I LOVED their pork adobo, their dinuguan and their pansit (bihon mixed with canton noodles are my fave). The meat had that fatty goodness and it really reminded me of my Mom's cooking. They also had chicken adobo, pinakbet, sari sari, long noodles, pusit, fried chicken, menudo (which I enjoyed) and a couple of other dishes I might be missing.   What I wish was part of the buffet was kare-kare and lumpia. We did however try their lumpias (both shanghai and vegetable). It was just OK to me. There is something in their veggie lumpia that was stringy...not your typical sprouts.   We ordered halo-halo too...I thought this was a miss. But just my opinion. Overall, pretty good service, pricing ($8.99 for AYCE) and the food was authentic. I'd come back for sure and maybe this time I'd order off their menu since I already tried their AYCE. :)
Great Food. Even though they are far away from where i live its worth going to. :)
Wow. Everything was bomb. Ordered the Lechon kawali, pork sinigang, adobo, and the number one thing the pork adobo fried ride omelette. Really really good! The omelette is a must here! I really recommend this place! The staff is absolutely positively super friendly!
The atmosphere was very homey (and orange) and the servers were nice. You walk in and order at the counter, then sit down and wait to be served. Or you can order to go if you want. BF and I tried the pork adobo omelette and a 2-item combo of dinuguan and chicken adobo. Their adobo is different than other filipino adobo we've had before, but in a good way! It certainly was not as salty or greasy. There is an AYCE buffet if thats your thing. I believe its around 9-10 dollars? Overall, good food, good selection, decent prices, and generous portions. Good option if youre in the area and craving filipino food :)
5 stars for service, 5 stars for the food.  Theo, the owner, is incredible.  Like shut-the-front-door incredible.  I took my family here as an introduction to Filipino food.  They're Chinese, and for any Asian, Filipino food is just...different.  They were hesitant.  I had already warned them that the food was likely greasy, b/c I've been to 3 other Filipino places in Vegas, and they've all been swimming in the grease.  Anyways, I told Theo that this was their first time and also mentioned that my fiancee and I chose his restaurant b/c we'd been to the branch in Oahu and luv'd it.  So he took care of us.  Really took care of us.  In addition to the free soda we got for checking in, he brought out two extra entrees...on the house.  Here is what we ordered: - chicken long rice- clear rice noodles with shredded chicken.  Solid. - original fried rice omelet- savory goodness.  The take of this classic dish wins me over.  It's their signature dish.  Order it at least once.     - chicken adobo- succulent chicken.  a filipino classic.  dip with a vinegar-ey sauce. - gisantes- a pork entree that is a little tart.  interesting. not a bad item, but we had so much incredible food, that this took longer to finish. - dinguan- surprisingly good.  I don't normally go for blood, but the blood was more a part of the sauce, so not a bad dish.  I'd eat it again. - pinakbet- pretty good.  We ordered a lot of meat heavy dish, so this was refreshing.  I didn't get a piece of the bitter melon, so I can't tell you how bitter it was.  (Some restaurants don't balance it with enough savoriness). - pansit- popular with our table.  I wished I got more of it.   - lechon- You must order this.  Crispy pork rind.  Very good. - Pig Feet Lauya- I know this is a bit adventurous for some.  Please do yourself a favor and order this dish.  The skin and the meat around this portion of the pig is just so succulent and...ahhh, I'm salivating thinking about it.  I can't wait to go back and order it again.  - shanghai lumpia- I prefer my mother's Viet eggrolls, but these were good. - banana lumpia- good.  I like fried banana desserts, so I had to try this.  It does not compare to pisang goreng, but we liked it enough.  Nothing we ate was not yummy.  I'm afraid that my review is not helpful, since it's not critical.  But I could not be happier with my experience there.  The best part was that the food was not a bit greasy.  A great success with my family.  Please come and support a wonderful local business.
Love the lechon special and the dinuguan
This was our second visit to Elena's Filipino Restaurant.  Recently I had the lunch special which included chicken noodle soup, pork adobo, rice and pansit.  My hubby had sari sari, chicken adobo, pinakbet and rice.  We shared our entrees with our daughter.  The food was delicious and reminded us of our Filipino home cooking.  We like the mellow atmosphere of the restaurant because it wasn't too busy or overcrowded, they play island music, and the service was friendly.  Just so you know, the restaurant is decorated in orange and with orange butterflies, and also they have another location in Hawaii which won restaurant food awards. We'll be back again soon when we're in Vegas.
Every bit as good as the one in Hawaii.  The Lechon Special is so flavorful.  Very similar to sisig....but better.
My mom brought back food from here. My family has a way with supporting other Filipinos. They have a very diverse market of Filipino baked goods as well as imported foods.
Stopped in here after reading the reviews and liked it.  It was on a Saturday late afternoon so I opted for the buffet.  Although small it was sarap, I miss my late wife's Bicolana cooking and so I had to try a bit of everything.  Dineguan sari sari ginitan all very tasty.  I don't think you will be disappointed with the food or atmosphere, an even the  karoke.    Thanks to all the people there who made this matandang kano feel, at least for a little while that I was back in the Phil's. Oscar
They gave us big servings for a decent price unlike other filipino restaurants that charge you $10 for one small plate of pancit. The owners and staff are also  very friendly especially of you are filipino.
Thanks Keoni W for the invite and setup. I didn't know/remember most of what he ordered for our small group, but it was all very good and comforting. This weekday afternoon was just dead, so the only sounds you probably would hear were our mouths noshing and munching. Good stuff, man!
Yeah, the food was delicious, but BE CAREFUL IF PAYING WITH A CREDIT CARD! Compare your receipt to your actual posted bank or credit card charge. On June 5, 2012, my order total was $25.38, but when I checked my bank account online, I noticed the charge was $27.38. Unless there is a $2.00 charge for carryout that I overlooked when placing my order, I don't know where the extra $2.00 charge came from. Hindi karapat-dapat sa pagtitiwala (translation: untrustworthy).
the lechon special was crispy and delicious, same for the lumpia shanghai.. the dinuguan, however.. bland, tasteless. the guy who took the orders -- no customer service whatsoever. he looked pissed at the world for having to work there, lol.   the end.
Just came here today with my family after reading the reviews. My family were a little mad that I wanted to eat here, considering we hadn't eaten anything the entire morning and had to wait some more for the food to cook. However, when the food came, they took back what they said. The food was delicious! Also, the atmosphere of the restaurant is nice with the butterflies on the walls as well as the island music playing in the background. I would definitely come back here again.
My family ate here on 3 Jul, and honestly I don't even know where to start. It was a bad experience overall.   First, the service: it was awful, there was only one person running around taking care of customers. We had 4 drinks and needed 4 straws, he gave us 3 so my wife asked for one more,  he never gave it to us. We ordered oxtail soup, he brought the soup but never gave us bowls, how can we eat soup with no bowls, so I asked for bowls and he only gave us 2. Meanwhile, he was taking orders from other table and most of the time he was in the kitchen doing something. Really bad service, this place should not expect people to come back after their first visit. However, being this part of town I think people expects mediocrity and thinks highly of this place even though it sucks as evident in other reviews. My family likes to eat out and don't mind spending if the food is worth it, believe me when I say do not visit this place, period.  Second, the food:  Holy crap!! I'd rather go to Pinoy-Pinay, their food is not the greatest but beats this hands down. Now let me tell you ahead of time, I like cooking all kinds of food and have a good knowledge of food quality.  Beef Lumpia:  We could tell it was fried before hand, it was saved and then microwave right before serving, we know because we do this at home. But at a restaurant, c'mon at least fry it fresh and serve it to paying customers.  Lechon Special: do any of these people that gave complement to this dish know what the hell they are talking about? This is just pork belly, bolied and then deep fried and mixed with onions and tomatoes, my kid could do this dish at home, terrible!!  Oxtail Soup: I felt throwing up after eating this dish, the cabbage was raw and tasted like it was left out on the counter for awhile, another bad dish with no taste.  For 2 years that I've been here in Vegas, I could really only tell you one place that always tops our expectations, I won't name the place but it's located on Jones. I know it's Filipino food but c'mon give it a bit of class.
I can't do a fair review on all the other filipino food offered at Elena's, I'm only half filipino. What I LOVE is their fried rice omelets! Fluffy fried rice with your choice of meats including pork adobo and wrapped with a delicate egg blanket.  Whenever we have a potluck at work, the expectation from all my coworkers, filipino, haole or whatever is that Bootsy brings the friend rice omelets. I am from Hawaii and frequented their restaurant in Waipahu on a regular basis. So glad they opened up in Las Vegas, especially so close to my job. Now if I crave real Hawaiian food, I go to Island Flavor on Durango but that's a whole nother story (5 star).
When I crave Filipino food ,it's Elena's for me, I've tried other places and don't find it as good ,IMO.  I had the 3 choice plate for 7.99 . I chose mongo beans with pork, pork adobo and pinakbet.             Pork adobo was tender and flavorful , but too fatty and I like pork fat. I just don't like pork fat chunks.            Mongo beans needed a little seasoning but otherwise was good once I added some salt.         Pinakbet was delicious it was fresh and had a clean flavor , bitter melon and eggplant was cooked perfect not to bitter. Overall I think I would give it a 3 1/2 stars.         This is the spot for me when I want Filipino food for me. I will be back
We were excited to try a new filipino restaurant that was highly rated, however, after our experience I honestly do not know why people give such high ratings for this place.  Customer service was awful! The man working the counter was grumpy and acted as if he hated his job. He became more agitated when I showed him my yelp check-in offer for a free drink.   As for the food, we ordered kare kare, lechon special, shanghai, and dinuguan. There was nothing really special about any of the dishes, as for the dinuguan, it was very bland. The younger guy who was serving our food and drinks was not welcoming at all, he didnt say one word to us.  You can tell the workers play favoritism with certain customers. A larger group of people came after us and instead of ordering at the counter like the sign says, they were happily greeted and taken to a table where they ordered their food. Both workers who lacked customer service towards us were very helpful to the other group.   I will be sticking to my go-to Filipino restaurants and will not be returning to Elena's.
We went to check this out couple of days ago. Do they have a new cook? New recipe? I don't know where all the 4 stars came from...I had their leeching special with tomatoes and onions. It was so salty and you see the granules of the MSG all over. Nothing special at all. My husband ordered the adobo omelet..again nothing special about it. The adobo was so bland just like their pancit. I think they forgot to put soy sauce. The shanghai lumpia was burnt!  And customer service is horrible...the young man that took our order seemed to be unhappy and I'm not surprised if their food is not good at all...  Sorry I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!
My family and friends are going to be really disappointed in me for even giving this place less than 5 stars.  I'm 75% Filipino and have eaten my share of flip food.  But I have to say, I've had better.    Usually when I've eaten here, it's their $9.99 buffet.  Buffet consist of your typical Filipino food like Chicken Adobo, Lechon, Pancit, etc.  My issue is with food stock and service.  I get the best service when my mom is in town, but the worst when with friends.  They also do not keep enough food in stock at their buffet.    Their Adobo Fried Rice is pretty good.  Other than that, I think I will stick to Mom and Dad's cooking when I'm in California to visit.  The last time I was here, it was close to 2 hour's long.  Not because I was eating like there's no tomorrow, but because I was constantly waiting for their food to be ready.    My review, like all other reviews, is just my opinion.  My family and friends swear by this place and love it.  Just me, I'm not a fan.  NOTE:  Free drink if you check in through Yelp. Whoohoo!!  I didn't even get that on my last visit.
I am not sure what the hype was with this place. We ordered the oxtail and you could not eat the meat off the bone. It couldve been that they were closing. Will I give them another shot, maybe if there wasnt any other places to choose from.
This is the closest I can get to good Filipino food like they do it in Hawaii. FRIED SILET, FRIED SILET, FRIED SILET!!! Now i'm not one to eat crazy things like liver, tripe, chicken blood or a baby chicken...but I will eat fried intestines. Sorry I know this sounds horrible but it's so good. The sari sari is delicious too. Almost as good as my dad's which I get every week. The Lechon Special is not oily or too crispy. I ate my fair share of all these dishes and then some. I had waited about 6 months to come here, and it was certainly worth the weight!!! I loved it!   The restaurant decor could use a little help...ok maybe a lot of help. And it's kind of weird that they have this big screen tv in the middle of the restaurant,  The server was friendly and had the island character. I almost felt like I was back in Waipahu.
All you can eat  Filipino buffet for $ 6.99 ... HOllllla thats in my price range! For a brown boy on a budget that's a deal yo! haha! Ok maybe im not that brown im part chinese so yellow?   This lovely establishment is located on Dessert Inn and Eastern.. in the ROSS shopping center..  The buffet is has about 5-12 items a bit small but it had all my favorites such as;  Chicken adobo Pancit Adobo Fried Rice  And a few other ones i do not know the name of.   $6.99 can't go wrong for an all you can eat..   If you do not wish to do the all you can eat you can order ala cart but it would be silly not to do the all you can eat since the ala cart will equal to that amount.. just stick to the items i mentioned! hehe   I must warn you the presentation is not that great and the food does not look to appealing, maybe they need to put more lights  in the place, but trust! im a Filipino and the food is good!  Try now! can't beat a 6.99 filipino food buffet. I'm not even sure if there is such a thing here in vegas..
1 star because I don't have a choice. We tried the AYCE & what a big disappointment. Lechon special was definitely old (chewy & not crispy), pork adobo was tasteless & vegetable was overcooked. I'm surprised this has a 4-star rating! Skip!!!
This place reminds me of their home based establishment in Hawaii. Just having returned from home nearly two weeks the craving for HI food hit. I had heard Elena's was in Vegas but was never able to pin point their location. Until now! The restaurant is roomy but was nearly empty when we arrived. We sat down quickly to review the menu. The woman serving us was a gem. She checked up on us continuously and never let our drinks get half way through before she refilled. Asking us how the food was and if we wanted extra rice at no charge was great too! I ordered the two choice combo. Chicken and pork adobo. The chicken adobo was by far my favorite of the two. The pork was great too but I couldn't get enough of the chicken. My gf ordered pansit and another meat dish (not sure of the name) she said very little during our consumption and with an empty plate I'd say they gained another regular. We also ordered the halo halo on the way out. While it was good we have had better. Which is why the four stars and not the five.
This was our first time ordering from a Filipino restaurant- we did take out. The only Filipino food I'd had up to this point was my friends moms cooking. We ordered the pansit & the chicken adobo. The chicken was really good but the pansit was pretty bland. There wasn't much else on the menu that appealed to us. We won't be ordering again- I think Filipino food just isn't really our thing.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:    Both Terri R and I completed the Vegas 100 Yelp Challenge.  New challenge...who has the best Halo-Halo in the valley.  Elena's was our first restaurant to visit.  First impression wasn't good since we were immediately told upon walking in that we couldn't stay long because they close in 30 minutes.  Then there's the actual main attraction, their Halo-Halo.  Decently priced, this dessert was missing red beans and flan.  I was already disappointed from that alone.  I finished my Halo-Halo and it was just okay. I've never been a huge fan of Elena's Pinoy Food and their Halo-Halo was no different.    PS:  Refer to Terri R's review of Elena's for more details on their Halo-Halo.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013 - Contender #1  Impromptu stop here for halo-halo after sushi with the boyfriend.  I've never been to Elena's and supposedly it's popular, but on a Thursday night at 7:45pm, the place was deserted.  We each got an order of the popular Filipino dessert, which traditionally consists of shaved ice, evaporated milk and a plethora of other ingredients, ranging from leche flan, ube (purple yam), ice cream, coconut (macapuno), sweet potato, plaintain, jackfruit (langka), red beans, and some sort of gelatin.  The said fruits and beans are placed in a cup or bowl first, then the shaved ice, then the ube and/or ice cream, and finally the evaporated milk is poured over the whole thing.  Halo-halo means "mix-mix" and that's what you do--mix that whole thing up and consume.  Well, we've now decided to do a tour of Vegas for the best halo-halo; this was not it.  We got four ingredients in our halo-halo here:  ube ice cream, vanilla ice cream, the coconut, and some sort of gelatin. I should have known it would just be okay because the menu sign says, "no beans," next to the halo-halo menu item. Not the best version--no leche flan, either!  So, on to the next place.
Asian bistro...a nice little Filipino cuisine restaurant, filled with many authentic pinoy platters. Their menu is packed with so many different kinds of Filipino delicacies , such as beef steak or lechon.. I come here with my family every time we pass by the metro mall/dunlap area, usually to visit the Manila Market next to it... I can't name all of their food, but most of it is what my mom always cooks: mungo, caldereta, adobo, dinuguan, pancit,  egg rolls, and other homemade dishes..their desserts are also top-notch, such as their HALO-HALO! The smell of the food,the sizzling noise of the pans, and the heart-welcoming people will make you come back for more...
This was my first authentic Filipino food experience.  The establishment is in a strip mall that looks like any other in the area.  From the look of the "Asian Bistro" sign I thought it was going to be like a PF Changs or a Flo's type of place.  However, upon entering, I could see just how wrong I was.  It is a rather large place and very busy on this Wednesday afternoon.  There were probably only 2 or 3 other daring white people there, so I knew this place was legit.  You walk up to the counter to order kind of like Panda Express in the mall.  You pick a 1, 2, or 3 item combo and they put it on your plate with some rice.  From experience I knew that the 3 item combo would be too much for me to eat, but I ordered it anyway because I wanted to try as much as I could.  I was disappointed that there was no sign describing each of the 12 or so dishes that you could choose from.  Well, if there was, it would probably be in a language that I couldn't understand anyway.  Lets just say I was lucky to have come with 2 Filipino coworkers of mine who acted like guides for me.  I resorted to the "point to whatever looks good" method which worked until I pointed to the bopis (lung) and the dinuguan (blood soup).  More on those later though.  Anyway, I picked the adobo, menudo, and some other beef item.  The beef and the chicken items were good, but I just don't like how they are little pieces that are still on the bone.  I find it difficult to eat and messy.  However, they were very tasty.  My 3rd item was by far the best.  I got the menudo which is more like a beef stew.  Had I known the name of it I probably wouldn't have gotten it because all I had known previously is Mexican menudo and that doesn't interest me.  At any rate it was very good and I would get it again.  Now back to the lung and blood soup.  My coworkers ordered those dishes and of course they made me try them.  I am not going to lie and say that they were terrible because they weren't.  It is just the simple fact that I know what it is and it is way out of my comfort zone so it made my stomach a little weazy.  The best part of the meal here was dessert.  One of my favorite Filipino desserts is called "turon".  It is some sort of banana wrapped in a carmelized wrapper.  All I know is that it is amazing.  My coworkers have brought some to me on several occasions but I just had to have a fresh one right out of the oven.  It was amazing.  They have plenty of other authentic Filipino desserts, but I couldn't resist the turon.  The establishment isn't overly fancy; there are 10-15 large and small tables, a few couches and other misc. chairs.  I think the place doubles as a karaoke bar at night from what I heard.  Anyway, the food is authentic and the service is friendly, but in the end I think my belly is to "Americanized" to dine here on a regular basis.
I can hardly write my review because I keep getting sticky hands from this adobo.    The only experience I have with Filipino food was adobo from a fair I went to.  I used to have Filipino coworkers who would always TALK about the food, but when potluck time came around, nothing.  Anyway, the place is small and not much space to move around.  The food is in trays and you pick what you want.    I got the 2 picks and knew I wanted adobo, but asked the guy what else is good.  He gave me pancit which looked like lo mein or something.  Then he asked me if I wanted cantaloupe juice.  It took me by surprise when he pointed to this huge vat of orange, icy, slushiness...I stuttered and said "YEAH!!!" I was about to check out when I saw somebody (I guess one of the owners or family or somethin') putting something in a bowl.  I asked what it was and the heck if I can spell what they said, but it turns out it was some kind of tripe in a white gravy with rice.  Then another guy came and got something that looked awesome as well, which was pork snout.  They gave me a sample of the snout and yeah, the relationship was instant.  Pig nose and me are now friends.  So I have here in front of me is pancit, chicken adobo, pork snout and cantaloupe juice.  I haven't had such a great meal in a while.  All this stuff tastes just as good as I imagined it would when my coworkers would torture me with mouth-watering descriptions of the stuff.  The cantaloupe juicy is unbelievable...I mean the juice of something as delectable as cantaloupe has no choice but to be heavenly, and it is.  I cannot see myself going without it for more than a week.  The adobo is tender and juicy.  The pancit is not dry like I thought it would be, and has a great taste.  The pork snout is just amazing...its got a tang to it that I can't really describe, but also can't get enough of.  I can't remember what it all cost me, I didn't care after I sampled the snout.  But I got a lot of change back from a $20, so...unless it was all 1's then its not expensive.  The people inside were all Filipino and friendly enough to a newcomer.  I've always wanted to connect with my other nationality, and good food is always a great way to do so.  I know I'll be back whenever I can.  And from what I can understand the other side of the place is some kind of entertainment area, and I think one of the other reviewers said its a karaoke thing.  Cool.  Don't be afraid of Filipino food, folks.  Its hard to compare it to other cuisines, especially because I'm not well traveled in the culinary world.  But I would immediately recommend it, even to the guy who only trusts hot dogs and fried chicken.
When you taste the food it takes you to HEAVEN!  Service is so SLOW it takes you to HELL! cant complain about the food. The best Filipino food this side of town. But as i said all the cooking and serving happens at a snail's pace. If you arrive really hungry, prepare to have ULCERS before they bring in your first order. Their sizzling  beef bulalo is 3 out of 5......only because the steak plate it came in was off the shelf-cold and there was no sizzle at all when they served the dish. the meal was good though so i guess that pretty much offsets the lack of SIZZLE in their so-declared SIZZLING bulalo. Their sizzling fish belly (bangus fish) is EXCELLENT.supposed to be a five but again there was no physical sizzle to what they call Sizzling Bangus Fish. Their sizzling BISTEK (beef slices) with onions were GOOD. Except for the lack of sizzle.....but again the taste covers up for the missing SIZZLE. Their tapsilog (beef and egg combination) and bangsilog (fish and egg combination) is supreme and their banana fritters which they call TURON takes you to unparalleled heights of gastronomic nirvana! They have karaoke which we enjoyed except for the fact that their song selection is so VERY LIMITED.not enough songs. Asian Bistro MUST improve their song selection because their song selection is similar to what a lot of Asians have for HOME USE. There were also some problems with the karaoke system.Sometimes the songs had too slow a tempo....sometimes the tempo was too fast......this so seriously needs to be addressed. Their karaoke is on every wednesday and Friday nights. I wish they would turn it into an every night thing but only AFTER they work on improving and widening their song selection and gets a karaoke jock that actually is musically adept enough to know if the tempo is just about right or if it is way too fast or way too slow. Doesnt take a musical Mozart to be aware of this. It just takes two unclogged healthy ears. Prices are reasonable.the people were friendly....aint surprished cuz i have read that people from the Philippines are a smiling lot and merrily go about their ways........ Even if their karaoke sound system sucks and even if they dont have the actual sizzle to their 'sizzling" food line-up, this doesnt take away the fact that this is still the best tasting Philippine food this side of the valley.
This review is based on carryout, so I can't comment (yet) on the service.  After a trip to the oriental market next door, my son and I stopped in here for some carryout.  I've not been to a filipino restaurant since living in Phoenix, so I was VERY excited.  I love filipino food.  It's all I ate for the majority of my young life, so there's also some nostalgia with it.  I did the two item meal thing, which was around $6.  I picked caldereta and pancit.  I thought it'd be best to stick with the basics, just in case it sucked.  The caldereta was almost as good as my mom's, and way better than mine :o)  The pancit was just okay.  The veggies were a bit overcooked and it lacked acid (and I didn't have any lemon in my house).  My son loved the pancit, so it worked out.  The portion was really generous--enough for me, my son, and hubby ate some too.  I will definitely go back to try some other food and bring my husband.  It's a bit of a drive, but worth it.
Just an FYI, not sure how long ago but I think pretty recently, this place has new owners. It is now called Halo Halo Kitchen aka H2K.   My mom was born & raised in the Philippines, so she was pretty excited to come here for lunch this past Thursday afternoon.   She quickly got to talking to the guy behind the counter & another customer to see what was good here. She decided on about 7 different items for her, my dad & myself to try. My personal favs were the fried tilapia, chicken adobo (although, my mom's is better!), lumpia, pancit & this fried egg & pork combo that I can't remember the name of. Oh & they also had this dessert which was little round balls on a stick made from what smelled/tasted like doughnut batter. There was a sweet syrup on top with what tasted like coconut on the inside. They were lick your fingers delicious!!   We'll definitely be back :)
A solid 3 stars. The Adobo was average, the Pancit was average, the Menudo was average and you guessed it, the Rice was average. They have never had Caldretta the 4-5 times I have been there. Next stop is Chandler in hopes of finding a "go to" Filipino restaurant.
Been here a couple of times, and every time it's been a satisfying experience. The tapsilog (one of the "silogs" they serve for breakfast - refer to the pics) is good, as are most of the entrees I've had for lunch or dinner. The storefront says "Filipino American Food", but that doesn't mean it's a fusion restaurant; rather, in addition to Filipino food they also serve some American fast food items such as burgers and corn dogs. Boba tea is available, too, and that goes well with pretty much anything you order there.
I go there for the longanisa breakfast from time to time and their BOBA.  The place is good but very pricey.  Service is OK not the best and alderly people like to cut the lines to get their orders in and staff does not say anything.  My wife is filipina and says that the food is good.  I had some food catered through them and they were very expensive.  A 1/2 tray of veggies were $49.00.  Way over priced.
Always The BEST!!! As close as you can get to sitting on Fields ave in pee eye. Great wait staff, friendly people. Great food!! Not too pricy and you will get enough to make you smile later. Friday nights can jump after 7 PM and you can sing and drink pseudo red horse beer and dance if you dare!
The food was good, The prices was a little steep. 10 little pieces of shanghi lumpia for 8.00 are you kidding me?
Love to eat filipino food? Well this is the best place in arizona to go to. Friendly staff, Tfc channel on, they even have a little mini filipino kiosk selling filipino anything. Love this place
For starters...I was never a big boba fan or halo halo fan.  This place is amazing!!  I had a Thai Tea Boba, Let me tell you the bomb digg-addy!!!!  LOL .  Besides there normal Filipino dishes it is a must have.  Then I stuffed my face with Dinuguan, a Filipino savory stew mixed with your typically stomach, intestines, ears, heart and snout of a pig,  simmered in a rich, spicy dark gravy of pig blood, garlic, vinegar, and chili.  SARAP!!!!   ( delish is Tagalog)  along with a side of rice and your good to go!!!!!  Next order to come out was a Lechon (roasted pig) along with the sauce.  Just like my mothers cooking.  I was at home..  Dinuguan is not for everyone, as kids we knew it at chocolate meat, because the sauce is curdled blood which turns dark brown to black when cooked.  The sound of it really "Erks" your stomach, but the taste is out of this world!!!   They have many different dishes all you have to do is "point point"    If you love ethnic cultural world dishes you will appreciate this place.
This is an unassuming small business that is a little out of the way and hidden in a shopping center but definitely worth visiting.  I found it on yelp and tried it out on a whim when I saw the positive feedback.  My family in the Philippines owns various restaurants in Manila so when I traveled there we ate - a lot.  This it the first restaurant I have found in the Valley where you can get lumpia, pancit, chicken adobo (and various dishes that are more authentic than I tend to eat) and a yummy version of halo halo with ube ice cream.  The people here are very nice, the restaurant was extremely accommodating and clean.   They even stayed open 2 hours later for us when we hosted a karaoke event here.  We loved the boba drinks and for those who were too timid to try the Filipino dishes, they have an American menu (burgers/fries/corndogs).   They have karaoke on Fridays with a great song selection - in English!  Come here for casual and inexpensive eats that are authentic and tasty.
Very fresh filipino home cooking, great variety on the menu, the food was delicious!!!  Everytime I visit H2Kitchen, I am always satisfied:)
Last week I met my family at H2K for dinner.  I enjoyed the dinuguan and sisig with rice and for dessert I shared a Halo Halo with my mom.  I am alway happy after leaving this place:)  I look forward to the next visit!
This review is for their halo halo special. It is absolutely delicious...the ube ice cream on top is wonderful! I like how they give you a big scoop of ube and a good size piece of flan. The young lady at the front gave good customer service and was friendly. I have to try their food next time.
Mmmmm! I love me some filipino food, and when I'm missing some good old homemade Filipino food this is the place I turn to... Maybe because it's one of the only in the valley but it's food is pretty good and warms the heart.
This is the best Filipino Restaurant in Phoenix!  The restaurant is nice and always clean.  The staff there are friendly.  The food is reasonably priced.    They offer a lot of variety each day.  I believe they offer around 15+ entree options and that's not including their silog menu.  My fiance and I usually get a two choice with a boba drink and that usually comes out less than $20.  If we're really hungry we get a halo halo supreme to finish our meal.
The short:  This really is as good as it gets when it comes to turo-turo style Filipino food--reasonably priced, tasty, generous, and authentic. The staff was welcoming, friendly, and helpful.  The long: Located in a big shopping center on the southwest corner of 35th Ave. and Dunlap, the place is fairly easy to find (in the northern arm of the center), and there's ample parking. When you walk in, you see a typical turo-turo style eatery. Turo-turo means "point point," and they use the term because the food is set up cafeteria style, all in a steam table, and all you do is point at what you'd like to eat. You can go for a one-, two-. or three-item combo served with two generous scoops of white rice. There's also a short order menu that serves some Filipino classics, including a whole "silog" menu--which is food served with eggs, usually for breakfast--and some simple American fare like burgers  There were some traditional desserts in the pastry case that served the door and about 16 items in the steam table. My boyfriend and I went for broke because I wanted to see how this food compared to the food I grew up with. We tried the pork and chicken adobo (I'd asked only for pork, but the server didn't like that she couldn't fill a whole 12-oz cup with what was left at the end of the night, she so gave us some chicken adobo in consolation), chicken curry, beef mechado (the sauce is similar to cacciatore--tomato based wit bell peppers), beef kabute (beef and mushrooms, similar to beef stroganoff), laing (stewed taro leaves, what I call the collard greens of the Philippines), and dinuguan (pork in pork blood--not for the squeamish!). The owner also asked if we'd like to try the sinigang, which is a tamarind-based fish soup. To drink we had the sago't gulaman and a mango boba. For dessert (although really, the sago't and boba should be considered dessert for those with a normal, not-homesick stomach capacity), we tried the halo-halo special.   To the point--everything tasted great. If you order on a day your body's really craving protein, you risk suffering death by pork at a turo-turo eatery, and Halo-Halo Kitchen does pork so very well--tender and flavorful. The beef dishes were also well cooked. The curry was pretty standard--the sweeter Japanese style, and the chicken legs in it were also wonderfully tender. The only problems were with the chicken adobo where the sauce was wonderful, but the meat was just a bit dry (you'd think that would be a more common problem in a steam table setup, but because most dishes are stews held at lower temps, the meat stays moist). The laing was more sour than I'm used to--not sure if it was their taro leaves (for the most part, out here, you can only find them frozen or dried), too much fermented shrimp paste (adds a salty, pungent, umami flavor in perfect amounts), or maybe too much patis (fish sauce--adds an earthier layer of the same stuff shrimp paste does), or maybe not enough coconut milk and cream. Regardless, it wasn't bad--just not as sweet as I'm used to. What made the best dishes for me, and what makes Filipino food awesome in my mind, is the sauces. Filipino food is served with rice, and the sauce just soaks into that rice and makes that perfect bite last longer. Because of my choices, we basically ended up with two plates of comfort food, and every bite was definitely comforting.   Our beverages were brought to our table after they were made a few minutes after we sat down, and the halo-halo special came as we finished our dinner. The sago't was good, although the boba grew as the night went on, so sucking it through the straw was crazy. The jelly in the sago't was tasty, though. My boyfriend's mango boba was amazing--at one point, I jokingly suggested they'd just taken some frozen mango and pureed it, but once I said it,  I was halfway convinced that they'd actually done that. The halo-halo special was also awesome. Even though it's considered a summer dessert because it's based on shaved ice, I could eat it year around. It was as good as it gets, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream (it might have been jack fruit ice cream), a generous smear of ube, and a chunk of flat at the top, the sweetened condensed milk soaking into the ice, and the usual halo-halo blend at the bottom (red mung beans, jellies, palm fruit, strips of jack fruit and macapuno, etc.). Halo-halo means "mix-mix," and they set the tall plastic cup up with a dome lid and a long-handled plastic spoon so you could churn everything together into homogenized harmony.   The lady at the counter told us the turo-turo menu changes every day, so I'm looking forward to going back and trying their other food, along with all the other food we didn't have room to try. I love a good silog, and I'm sure I could find it here!
Only had halo-halo here and it was super yummy. Now I know where to go when I'm craving!
You know that part of the movie in Ratatouille where the chef starts crying because the food brings him back to his childhood....that's halo-halo kitchen for me. Living in Phoenix, far away from my mom in Oregon, filipino food is hard to come by. I make the 30 min drive from mesa just to eat here when I start going through withdrawals. I've had pretty much everything they've serve here. The restaurant is clean, people are friendly. It's a typical "turo-turo" restaurant, where the food is prepared cafeteria style but it's all good.
I had the Chicken Adobo with rice, eggs, and tomato. It was good. Service was a little below average, but not bad. Good place to grab a bite and bounce.
Got together with Norm R. for lunch here today & really liked the place!  This is a somewhat stylish mid-sized cafe, nice & clean, with a comfortable seating, delicious food served up in good portions, & low prices!  I ordered a Two Item Combination Plate, & went with Chicken Pochero & Beef Mechado for the main dishes, from a wide selection.  (You can see the labeled serving trays through the counter glass.)  You also get two large balls of white rice, & interesting toppings are available on the table such as fish sauce!  (It's SALTY...  use only drops of it!)  Anything negative?  Yes, a whole gaggle of TVs blabbing away all over the place, so it's "Layo napupunta isang Bituin!" as they say in my old haunt, Olongapo, P.I.  (Poof goes one Star!)     :-|  With that gripe out of the way, I loved the food here, & with so many unusual treats to try you just have to come back to a fun place like this for more...  and then there's their amazing dessert, which of course is the Halo-Halo!     :-))  Two Item Lunch Combo Plate $6.50.  *  Full bar!
I didn't try the food but I was there on a late friday night and watched my friends give their best karaoke renditions to their favorite songs. I'm not brave when it comes to karaoke but I usually sing along. I did like that they had a full bar, $3 domestics and $4 for imports. They had red horse and san miguel. Anywho, there's plenty of space to accommodate large groups and they stay open late friday nights, so, if you're in the mood to sing your heart out and drink red horse or san miguel, this is the place to be. =)
Looking for Filipino food? Looking to watch the game? Looking to get some pastries? Or maybe a Filipino beer? They have it all here..  My favorite is getting lechon kawali and monggo soup, together they are an amazing meal.
This Filipino Food was very good and I think most people can find something they like here because we tried three different meats and a tofu dish and all were different all were cooked nicely with good developed flavor. Nothing was spicy or aggressively seasoned and nothing tasted Chinese or Thai that I tried to me but everything we tried had a rich developed flavor. Portions are large prices are very low I think our combo plates were about $6.99 each.  This place is VERY CASUAL and is set up sort of like Panda Express. You decide on the kind of plate you want just like at Panda and point to what you want on your plate by looking at the food line or you can order from the pictures on the wall. Next you pay and seat yourself and clean up your tray when you leave.   I picked a combo plate so I could try two things. I picked Coconut Chicken and Tofu with vegetables. Both my picks looked familiar like Chinese or Thai dishes to me but neither of them had the seasonings I thought they'd be but the food was still tasty and good. The Chicken was very moist and had great developed flavor from being slow cooked on the bone but they didn't brown the skin so I found the skin unappetizing and had to remove it. That is my only criticism.  My husband tried the pork adobo and one of the beef dishes. He said both were very tender and tasty and he'd come here again.  This was a fun adventure it was like traveling the world.
I really, really liked this place! I tried it for the first time today since my neighboring Filipino restaurant I wanted to try SUCKED! (They didn't have anything and had horrible customer service) I'm glad that happened since it led me to this place. I'm half Filipino and can tell good Filipino food. I tried the pancit, chicken adobo, lumpia, fried pork skin, and halo-halo. All were like my grandmothers cooking and I was pretty impressed! I felt very comfortable in the atmosphere. The young girl at the counter was very helpful with my initial order and so was the younger guy helping me later. I liked that it felt like a family owned and ran kinda place. I will be returning here to try their talapia, panakbit, sinigang, and tocino, this is well worth my 30 min drive to get there.
This is a fast food place, not cooked to order. Food is already pre made. I ordered the mungo and pork sinigang. Mungo was a little dry and a tad overcooked but sinigang was real good, just the right sourness. Portions were small but the price was reasonable. Had to order the halo halo and it was really good.
This place is awesome and super clean ...I will keep coming back EVERYTHING is sooo good here AND the price won't break your wallet. So go enjoy some good Filipino food!
Setting:  I went here 3 times this past week.  Being the last week of school, we had a couple potlucks.  Therefore, nothing says my Filipino culture than bringing some deep fried goodness of egg roll called Lumpia.  They were good enough to bring my wife here for dinner.  Ambiance:  It looks like any other typical Filipino restaurant, but wait...there's a karaoke bar!  Wait, did you say magic mic?  Why yes I did.  They have a full blown karaoke machine they play on Friday nights.  I have not experienced it, but one of the workers say it is definitely a fun night.  Boy, us Filipinos sure love our karaoke!  Open seating with the definite Filipino feel.  After growing up in Southern California, this looks and smells like a Filipino restaurant to me.  Food/Menu:  Lumpia - shanghai style, about 3 inches long, with a good amount of filling.  Crispy, yet not too deep fried.  Very good egg rolls though.  Halo Halo - a Filipino dessert with shaved ice, condensed milk, red bean, canned fruit, ube (sweet purple yam), and ice cream.  They do a decent job.  However, from my perspective, I don't think I have ever had a bad Halo Halo, as most taste the same to me.  Turon - a deep fried plantain banana.  Need I say more?  Okay, well it has a great caramelize coat around it with the crunch biting into a sweet plantain banana.  And BAM!  You got dessert.  Empanada - Tasty snack that will definitely fill you up...for wanting more!  Service:  Seems family owned and they take care of their shop.  No complaints!  Overall:  With the limited amount of Filipino restaurants compared to where I grew up in Southern California.  This place hits home in all the right areas.  Whenever we need to taste our culture, we will be back Halo Halo!
Delicious. Was intimidating walking in without knowing what anything was, but the person behind the counter let us try a bunch of different things until we knew what would be good. Then they were so kind, and brought us many new things for free to try.   Very helpful, and completely removed any concerns about the first time being in there. Could not have gone better.
Ahhhh Halo-Halo  Im so glad i found you on yelp and your on my way home to sedona.     Ok first off i ordered the lechon kawali- deep fried pork belly,served with mang thomas (whoever that is) all purpose sauce. $8.00 Next i ordered the silog plate served with garlic fried rice and two eggs cooked to order. I ordered the tocino which is pretty damn awesome. $7.00  My wife said might be the best tocino shes eaten. So 5 stars from me and my wife for the tocino.
This is as good as it gets when it comes to Filipino Food in Phoenix  Phoenix sadly lacks the ability to produce comfort food such as Filipino food. Finding this place was like finding a gem in a pile of coal. The location isn't ideal but the price and the taste are on point.   This place randomly has events, karaoke &  dancing, so don't be surprised if you stop by to pick up some grub and find yourself watching a transgender performer singing the latest and greatest hits.
Food was okay....a bit pricey though for their selection.   Lechon kawali was fresh. roomie ordered French fries ; he said they were stale.  We ordered the shrimp platter and it took over 25 mins to arrive.
Since there aren't that many Filipino restaurants in AZ, lets just say that Halo-Halo kitchen is the place to go. Great tasting food at a good price. The portion size is great as well. Highly recommended!
Soooooo, when my food finalllllyyyy arrived, it was GOOD. There were other dishes I saw that I wanted to devour but my heart was set on the Longsilog. It was good, same as Manila Sunrise, just got faster service over there because it wasn't as busy.  They also had an American menu for burger, fries, popcorn chicken which worked out since my husband isn't fond of Filipino food. (ruude). lol the price was fair since there aren't a lot of filipino joints in AZ so I don't care if you charge me extra for a extra helping of garlic rice.   They take cash and card, and there's plenty of parking. Oh and if your looking for the place on yelp and you push Get Directions when your coming down Dunlap, it won't tell you if it's on the right or left and you might miss it. It's on the left. :-)
I grew up in Cebu this is a great place for Filipino food. I love their adobo and lumpia. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and ok price. I moved from Cali and Filipino food there for the same size and combination is about 2-3 cheaper not sure why its more in AZ???
Food is decent , customer service is terrible. The lady that looks like she's the owner is rude! Poor service .
Whenever I crave for Filipino food I always go here ;-) They have the most reasonable price & yummy food in Phoenix.
I'm definitely a fan.  We were visitors to Phoenix and came here as a big group last Friday afternoon for a late lunch.  As someone who lives in the Midwest eating in a Filipino Restaurant is always a treat and coming to Halo-Halo Kitchen was definitely a super treat!  It is located in a strip mall but don't be put-off by the location. There's nothing fancy about the place but you can tell the owners take measures to keep the place clean and neat.  They have a karaoke bar like most Filipino restaurants do.  You can order a la carte but probably the best way is the "pick-and-point (turo turo) way" which is typical of most Pinoy restaurants.  That way you get to sample a better variety of foods.  You get a choice of 2 entrees plus rice.  I had the kare-kare( beef in peanut sauce) and coconut chicken, while my wife had lechon kawali and ginataang langka (coconut jackfruit).  The food was just flat-out awesome. No other way to describe it.  Then we had halo-halo for dessert.  Wow! That was so good, too!  Loved it.  Our friends all enjoyed their entrees and we continued to talk about the food that weekend.  We enjoyed our whole visit to Phoenix that weekend but think this was our gustatory highlight of the trip.  We're definitely coming  back when we visit Phoenix again.
Easily my favorite Filipino restaurant ever of all-time hands down. Their prices are reasonable for exceptional food and drinks. Has a well stocked bar, plenty of TVs. This a great place for event dinners as well. The staff is very generous and easy to talk to. Most places have pros and cons, this restaurant the exception for having all pros. If you try this place then I'd expect to see a review similar to this.
The Lechon here is great always have a ton of delicious Boba flavored and rotating dishes .. Some of the best Filipino food I've ever had...the watermelon boba is probably my favorite thing there and you have to try the cassava cake.
If you have never tried Filipino food or in search of a good eat, this is where you need to go. Honestly I was never a fan of Filipino food before I discovered this place but now I am hooked. I recommend any silog combinations or the famous chicken adobo.   They also have a bar which is nice when you want to get a beer in for lunch. Try the Red Horse, it's a Philippine based brewery.
I can't really compare this to other filipino food, because I haven't really eaten any.  The extent of my knowledge on filipino food is what I've learned from filipino nurses at the hospital, and Balut is not on my bucket list of things to try....But anytime I get grilled spam with eggs and rice, served on styrofoam plates and TV's showing a filipino beauty pagent you know this food is either going to taste freakin delicious or give you diarrhea for a week.  Luckily for me it was the former.  Great food, and the halo-halo special for dessert shouldn't be passed up.  One day I'll work up the courage to try the food by the checkout counter, but....baby steps.  Don't worry I'll be back.  P.S. They got karaoke is the back.
Bet lumpia in Phoenix and an all-around authentic restaurant. Well worth the drive.
Love the Halo Halo!  Love their food too.   I think we come here at least once a week =)
Great food, clean place, but customer service needs improvement. Lady owner has a very unfriendly and condescending attitude.
I recently become aware of Halo Halo.  They had my very most favorite dish.  The name has always escaped me.  It has a pork blood base, served with rice.   The first time I had this it was from an in-formal kitchen.  I loved it, it was sole food at its best.   I have had it serval times sence, each time it was different, but just as good and comforting.   There has been times the Filipino server informed me I didn't want that, I would not like it.  This is why, not the pork blood base but the organ meat (offal) and the miscellaneous tidbits or trimmings that was part of it.  It was not made with the best parts, but the leftover parts.  Some times it was a mildly spicy, that is the regional and cooks preference, never hot or more then mildly spicy.  As I had it in the past it had all kinds of notes or tastes, do to all the different bets that went into it.  Sadly, regrettably, and a statement on the narrow minded, American Eaters, in order to serve to "the American" customer (to stay in business), this wonderful dish has been turned into a good but 2 note meal.  They use standard pork, one note, the sauce note 2, rice is the binder the same as FOFO, bread, and other starchy foods.     I pity all those that will not even try anything other then Midwest American washed foods.   You think that the Asian food you eat is real Asian, it is American Asian.   Many Asian restaurants have two menus, one for us, the other for the Asian taste.  That menu is call a head.  Sooooo much better, but not steak and potato's.   I hope that Filipino restaurants will do the same thing, so that people can have the true taste of home and strange people, such as I, can enjoy as well.     ITS NOT THE LOOKS, NOT THE NAME, NOT WHAT GOES IN, BUT THE TASTE.
I can't really compare it to anything.  It was my first time trying boba it was tasty. Going to try the halo halo special next time I stop in.
You can find me here on Thursdays! I loooove the food here and I come as much as l can :)  The owners treat you like family and they are so sweet. I always order lechon and beef estofado. I cant get enough! It is soooo good! I have had the flan and it is really good too. It is nice and creamy and smooth. The halo halo is really good too! I get the boba with jackfruit and banana sometimes and its always good.
I love coming here. They're always upgrading the place, and the food is fantastic. I noticed they even added an American food menu for those who aren't so savvy to Filipino cuisine.  My only issue is that there is no pancit palabok on the menu.  However, if you want tapislog, sinigang, or boba, this is the place.
Great Food!    I normally HATE going to Filipino restaurants.  The food is usually  tasteless and/or has been sitting out for hours.  They always pale in comparison to my family's home cooked food.  But THIS PLACE has really GOOD food.  The lechon was full of flavor and crispy, yet juicy.  I also had the whole fried tilapia, which was delicious.  We also tried the kare-kare.  I couldn't believe it was flavorful!  The Halo-Halo Especial was chock full of goodies.  The atmosphere is kinda funny.  I think that the restaurant doubles as a karaoke bar in the evenings.  They had a full bar.  But I don't care, because the food was GOOD!   Can't speak to the panict bihon or pancit lug-lug...will have to try that next time.
Halo-Halo is hands down my favorite Filipino restaurant in Arizona!! I have tried many Filipino restaurants and have been disappointed with most. This is not the case when I come here.   If you are new to the food or have been raised on it all your life, you will definitely enjoy your experience here!!   The selection of food is amazing and everything seems to always be fresh. By chance if what you want is not available at the time, they have no problem making it for you.   They also have a large seating area, bakery items and a karaoke night!! Every time I come here I feel welcomed by the friendly staff and people around me. I recommend this place anytime someone ask me for the best Filipino food in Arizona.
food was really yummy for my first time trying various Filipino food. the pork adobo was my favorite because the meat was tender and the sauce had a yummy tang to it. the halo halo special was an amazing dessert and the girl behind the counter helping us out was super sweet.
One of the best places for Filipino food in Phoenix.  Cafeteria style, paper plates and plastic silverware.  Definitely cures the craving for home cooked Filipino food.
Found this place by accident as we were driving around, looking for a place to kill time while waiting to pick up our daughter.  As Bay Area Californians who recently relocated to the East Valley, finding a Filipino restaurant can easily be the highlight of our weekend.  We got the Sisilog, Longsilog, and Pancit and were in heaven!  They were all so scrumptious and reminded us of our parents' home cooking.  And the halo halo??  Perfect way to top off the meal and satisfy our craving, especially in the heat.  The girls behind the counter were very sweet and very helpful.  Only complaint and reason I can't give 5 stars:  We were there in the late afternoon and there was a note that said it would be closing for a private event later in the evening.  It seemed to be a celebration for the family who owned the restaurant.  We still had a good 1-2 hours before that time, but they were already setting up, which is fine.  My issue was that as they were setting up, literally around our table, we felt rushed and in the way.  I get that they were busy and excited about their event, but If they needed the space, they should have closed that section off.  They were decorating and rushing around, all around our table, and no one even acknowledged us or said anything to us.  It was only the older man, who I assumed to be the owner who smiled at us and waved to our kids as we were leaving and thanked us for coming in.  Thank goodness for that nice, simple gesture to help smooth things over.
Delicious food.  Sorta of an odd location hidden behind blockbuster, but a good find.   The eggroll's are pretty tasty and overall its a good new fast casual restaurant for the area.  Very nice family run business.
Simply delicious and the service is top notch! Can't wait to go back and try out the lechon for their Grand Opening this Friday!
Kareys Kitchen...a new takeout fusion restaurant near me in PHX..yay~! I attended the soft opening and got to sample all of the filipino/mexican fusion tasties! The family is so friendly that you leave Kareys feeling all warm inside.., whether from the food or the family, and your wallet not too hit!  Cassava cake is the bomb..even though Im not to into sweets..  A bit hard to see from the street ..next to Blockbuster on 40th.. look for it..its worth it:-)
I pass by here about every day on the way home and I was thinking before it opened that is was going to be just another plain jane place to get some food.  Was I wrong.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! The first thing you notice is the warm and genuine greeting you get when you walk in.  And then to discover that it's Filipino/Mexican food.  Oh my goodess!   I would purposely go to Tucson on Mondays just to get chicken adobo at a Filipino place.  Not any longer.     Karey's Chicken Adobo rocks!!  Just the right amount of spice and everything nice.  The Menudo is fantastic too...(not to be confused with Mexican menudo made with tripe) This is Filipino style!!  WOW!! The Beef Mechado is spicy, hearty and thick and their garlic rice is just that...garlic rice.   I've had other garlic rice dishes before and the first thing that pops in your head at first taste is...where's the garlic??  It's not lacking any garlic when Karey cooks it.   And then I am told that they are doing Lechon that coming Friday.  Yes indeed folks...whole roasted baby pig.  I venture in that Friday and there it is...quite a bit gone but the front half still there.  I picked up a half pound with Spanish rice and a few touches of crispy skin and let me tell you that meat was so juicy, so tender, so delicious... I can't wait for the next one.  It's been a while since I have had excellent Lechon and this was just that, excellent. And the prices here are so reasonable you're going to come back again and again.  So many more things to try on the menu and I know I will not be disappointed.  You're gonna love their portions too! The only thing that makes this place dangerous to me...I can get to it in less than 2 minutes when I drive.  :)
Went Friday to take advantage of the special lechon (roasted pig).     I found the cafe cozy- nice, dark wood furniture and dark wood blinds.  Definitely more welcoming than the restaurants in Chandler!  I found the high counter a little daunting- I, being only 5 feet tall, had to either hoist myself up on the counter with my elbows to peer down, or had to crouch down to have a look under the counter, and have a look through the sneeze-guard.  Their labeling system needs improvement: I vote for adhesive labels that go on the sneeze-guard so that patrons can easily identify the food on the buffet line.  I'm sorry, but no matter how often Karey and Purine say they like to cook the food to order, food laid out in huge trays and placed in "turo-turo" style ISN'T food cooked-to-order!  Here is a list of the food I tried that day:  1. Lechon, large order $6.99- includes corn tortilla (I subbed flour) and  choice of Spanish or Filipino garlic rice.  (I chose Filipino, of course!) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=SHZJN-BYDlPa74nDjqH2xg#SHZJN-BYDlPa74nDjqH2xg  2. 3-entree combo of Dinuguan ("chocolate stew"), Beef Mechado, and Pork Adobo $- includes garlic rice.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=Pcxd22BrQ9Ixjgm13149fQ#Pcxd22BrQ9Ixjgm13149fQ  3. Lumpia shanghai (fried Filipino pork eggrolls)- small order includes 8 pcs. of pork- and onion-filled mini-eggrolls that are fried.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=HyJX4evw0Ogej34RgcptkQ#HyJX4evw0Ogej34RgcptkQ  4. Halo-halo $4.50- frozen dessert consisting of sweet beans, coconut strings, coco jellies, ube (taro-based pudding), coconut milk, choice of ice cream, and shaved ice.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=cphMBWm29BPKoaBidq9QCA#cphMBWm29BPKoaBidq9QCA  5. Pan of cassava $8- Cassava is a root, much like a sweet potato or yam that is pounded or ground into flour and then mixed with cream, butter, eggyolks, and sugar and baked/steamed into a cake-like dessert dish.  Somewhat cakey and much thicker than an egg-custard pie... A little help here, Joel?    6.  To-go containers of Pork adobo and Dinuguan, each $3  I found all the entrees and eggrolls, save the mechado (meat was a little tough), very tender and very tasty (loved the dinuguan!).  However, they're ALL very greasy, unfortunately!  I'll never ever order the fried eggrolls again... Everytime I ate them, they came back to haunt me, and all due to the high grease and salt content.  A coworker came for her first visit (with her husband and stepdaughter. as well) after I had left, and told me that she found the eggrolls VERY salty, as well as the other dishes she tried there, but couldn't bring herself to tell the owners because they were all so very friendly and sweet.  Karen, Rey, and Purine, as well as Michael, were all very friendly and accomodating, this is true.  I would order the dinuguan and pork adobo again, but I won't eat any of it until I'm able to place them in the fridge so that their sauces may gel up and I can skim off the HUGE amount of fat, reheat, and then place them back into the fridge again so that I may re-skim the fat one more time.  Only then would I be able to enjoy these dishes.  They are very tasty, but I have to be careful...  Or I could enjoy them fresh, but without much of the sauce.  What my coworker and I definitely agreed on was that we'd both come back just to have the halo-halo again!  This dessert, similar to the Vietnamese Che ba mau, tasted like it was made from fresh ingredients, instead of from a bottled mix of beans, coco strings and jello.  I liked the ice cream they used, too.  You have your choice of either ube, vanilla, or mango.  I'll definitely have to come back and try a bowl of the two Filipino flavors...  As a special, Karen had prepared ginataan, a warm dessert consisting of plantains, jackfruit, coco strings, taro, and something akin to yams, cooked in coconut milk and sugar.  This looked and smelled so very good, but I couldn't try it due to food allergies.  I wonder if Joel had a sample?  I know he enjoyed the cassava... I did, likewise.  As for the lechon, I'm sad to report that the skin wasn't crispy at all, and I detected a chemical flavor every time I tried the skin.  It tasted much like what a disinfectant might taste like.  A faint hint, but still there, nonetheless.  The pork meat didn't wow me, either.  A big part of the enjoyment of lechon is the Mang Tomas Lechon sauce, which you can buy at Lee Lee supermarket in Chandler (or at Mekong in Mesa).  Awesome sauce, just ask Joel!  I'll have to try the leftover lechon soon with the sauce (I stayed away from it bec. I wasn't sure of the ingredients at the time).  I will definitely be back to try their daily specials.  I do hope that Karen and the others strive to lessen the grease content of their dishes...
Lunched here Monday.  Had read all of the reviews, so expectations were high.  And they lived up to them..  About the place.  Family run, mother/daughter combo.  The son handles the web site and Twitter posts (check Twitter for daily specials).  They were very nice.  The mom kept bringing me food I didn't even order, just because I told her I would eventually try it.  The food:  I ordered a 3 item combo.  I was really only hungry enough for a 2 item, but for the sake of all of you, got the 3 so I could taste one more dish.  The chicken adabo was very simple and good.  Won't overwhelm you with flavor.  It is prepared using chicken wings, and they were hot and tender.  The spicy orange beef was very good.  Daily special I believe.  Very flavorful, with a hint of orange and red peppers.  Also tried the beef mechado, which I am told is one of their better burritos.  The potatoes that accompanied this surprised me.  I expected them to be a bit mushy, but they were perfectly crisp.  I chose mexican rice to go with it, but I believe they have garlic and white rice as alternatives.  They also gave me some of the cassava cake.  I am not a huge fan of coconut, but I tried and enjoyed it.  Also, they brought out a small sampling of their most popular item, the pork egg rolls.  They were almost like deep fried taquitos with a very unique flavor.  Served with sweet and sour, it is a MUST have!  They supposedly have to make 3,000 PER DAY!  Go try it out.  No soda fountain, so you can get canned soda and drinks.  Eat in (cute decor) or take it to go.  Not great for large groups, but 2 or 3 would be OK..
I think many of these reviews might be friends of the family, but my wife and I met up with my father and mother along with my brother and sister in law for a dinner here.  There were a few people ordering to go, but we came for a meal and the six of us filled the restaurant.  Don't expect to find a lot of room, there are a few chairs but not a lot!  If it's full, it's full.    Anyway, though (I think) many of these reviews are relatives, they are spot on.  It's a good place to eat Filipino food.    Everything I tasted from the lumpia to the adobo was excellent.  And the mother/daughter/son running the place were so nice and helpful it felt like eating at home.  I want to go back very soon, especially on a Friday when they have some delicious pig, i think it's called lechon baboy.  mmmm.  Don't expect gourmet, silverware or place settings.  Expect good (excellent) home cooked Filipino with a twist of Mexican.  This is what you really want, go eat some!
I'd like to thank the good Lord above for bringing another filipino restaurant to the valley! (And for yelp for letting me know about it) I visited Karey's tonight because I had that hankerin' for filipino and since it was close to work and was getting great reviews I decided, hell yes! After finding the tucked away business, I was warmly greeted by Karen and her brother. She told me of the already prepared food that she had and if there were something else I had in mind, she would happily prepare it for me. I decided on tha chicken adobo burrito with garlic rice and lumpia. I asked her about some other filipino dishes, she said she still had some pinakbet (a meat and vegetable stew) so I ordered that as well. Now, I ordered this to go but I live in Gilbert so I was a little wary if the lumpia was still going to have it's crispyness to it after my commute home. The delicious little guys made it home and still had their delightful crunch to them. Next was a bite of the burrito. The chicken was very tender and not dried out like sometimes adobo can get. It also didn't have the sometimes overpowering bite of vinegar that is common in adobo. It had a nice balanced taste that lended it well for making burritos with. The pinakbet was a bit of a dissappointment, it was little on the bland and dry side, but I am judging this on how my mother used to make it. I asked about any specials coming up, like lechon, and she said that in a couple of weeks they're going to have another lechon roast. She also said that if there was anything that isn't on the menu and if she knows of the recipe, she would be glad to prepare it, all you need to do is call. Karey's is going into my full rotation even if it's a good half hour away!
I've been wanting to try this place for weeks. I finally grabbed a friend, headed over and was not disappointed! I tried a combination plate with chicken adobe and coconut squash (a special of the day) which was served with garlic rice. Everything was very good. I just wish I had a bit more coconut squash because I was liking it so much. My friend and I also shared the lumpia (the small was a generous size and perfect for two) and the banana egg rolls which were topped with caramel and served with coconut ice cream (heavenly!). Next time I'm going to try one of the burritos and also the cake, which they were out of this time around. My friend was equally impressed and had the pork adobo and beef mechado which I tried from her plate. Yum!  The place is very small and just about every seat was filled. The service was great and I felt like my mom was taking care of me since it's family owned. I'm so glad it's in my neighborhood! I plan to return regularly since I'm already craving lumpia and banana egg rolls!
like every other reviewer here, i've been meaning to try this place out for a little while. its located behind the blockbuster i go to, so its pretty hidden, unless your in that plaza for any reason. the place is decorated in a relaxed, lunchtime style. nice tables and some cool ethnic decor to catch your eye. the man who was working (i didn't catch his name) was very friendly. he asked if i had ever tried Philippine food before. and then proceeded to show me show me of their dishes. i settle on their pork burrito and garlic fried rice. the burrito was amazing! the meat was so flavorful and the tortilla was crispy and greasy at the same time. the chips that came with my meal were a little stale, but i just ignored them and had at the amazing garlic rice. not to greasy (any more grease after that burrito would have been to much) but big on taste. i loved my meal, and i will be heading that way for lunch regularly.
Karey's was on my bookmarks and since I  got out of work earlier today I went for  lunch. It's a tiny but charming place. I'm glad I went later and was able to sit down. Karen and her husband were there. She's an incredibly sweet lady and sat down with me to talk about the restaurant and my recent trip to the Phillippines. I had the chicken adobo, chicken coconut curry with garlic rice and lumpia. The flavors were delicious, not too oily. My favorite was the chicken adobo, although it was a little dry. I think because it was chicken breast. The chicken coconut curry was good as well. The lumpia was delicious and their homemade hot sauce is great. Karen went as far as to give me a piece of cassava cake. Seriously, who does that?  I guess what I love the most is the feeling you're eating at a relative or friend's house. Was it the best Filipino food I ever had? Not really, but it was darn close!  I'll give it  4.5 stars but they deserve to be round up!
Considering the Spanish influence on both Mexican and Filipino cooking, it is a wonder that no one had thought of bringing the two cuisines together in one dining establishment sooner. Well, Karey's Kitchen did, and they did it so well! (Again, thanks to yelp for allowing me to find yet another great place!) The Filipino dishes made me homesick for The Old Country, especially when I tasted the the pochero and the mechado. But I was so delighted to discover that making Filipino adobo or mechado into burritos would result in a kick-ass fantastic fusion, especially when paired with their zesty mango salsa. Unlike other places that also serve burritos, they serve the rice and the salsa on the side, so you have the option of adding it to your burrito if you want to cut the richness a tad. Great food, low prices, very warm and friendly staff ... Karey's Kitchen, you know I'll be coming back soon, and often!
Filipino food just like my sister makes!  OK, she's my sister-in-law (you can clearly see I'm not Filipino), but the food is just like her authentic dishes.  Check Iain B.'s review for detail on typical Filipino fare.  I am particularly fond of the pork adobo, beef machada and pancit.  The adobe is an intensely seasoned beef that I like to mixed into the pancit - a delectable blend of rice noodles and veggies which is made to order with chicken or tofu (yum) as requested.  The beef machada, a heavily seasoned thick stew of tender beef and potatoes is equally captivating. The restaurant is very casual, with only a  few tables, yet the decor rises above the typical Mexcian food takeout shop.  Oh yes, the Mexican fusion part...I admit the only "fusion" item i've tried is a pork adobo burrito, which was quite tasty.  but with all this great Filipino fare, the Mexican side hasn't tempted me much.   The only very slight disappointment is that in response to a customer complaining that the lumpia is to greasy, they changed from pork lumpia to ground beef.  Of course pork is greasy - it's pork!  That's why it's good!  Anyway, there is enough tasty fare here to keep me coming back.  The pleasant service and heartfelt appreciation of their customer rounds out out the experience.  Here's a hint - leftover pork adobo and pancit are just as good reheated for breakfast as they are in the restaurant.
lumpia! lumpia! lumpia!  I feel as though I have died and gone to LUMPIA heaven.  They are tricky to make-- just really time consuming and it leaves yuor kitchen messy so eating them when you didn't make them yourself is such a treat!   We started off with lumpia and then had the pancit.  Panict was not 5 star--- I like mine more dry, so the one I make at home is better in my opinion.  But it was still really good.  HALO HALO-- oh my!  I have not had halo halo since 1993 so the minute it hit my mouth, an entire flash of memories came back to me!  It's very interesting and has a lot going on in it, some stuff I love, other stuff, I pick around.    I can't wait to go back and try the adobo, and some of the more mexican type foods.  The people working-- owner and family are sooo nice and really friendly, that makes for an excellent experience!  I am looking at my schedule seeing when I can get back there again---
This latest hybrid might sound different but after trying the Filipino-Mexican fusion at Karey's Kitchen, you'll ask yourself why no one had done it sooner?  Situated at the southeast corner behind Blockbuster at 40th Street and Thomas Road, Karey's is in one of those blink-and-miss-it locations.   From the good luck kitty at the register to the rich looking hardwood floors and dark wood furniture, it's actually charming. There are a few tables as well as counter seating for eat in, and the tables can be pushed together to accommodate a party of eight or more.  Karen, once an accountant, has turned restaurateur in this family-run venture, which includes her mom, Puring, husband, Ray, and brother, Michael.  It brings me so much joy to see the love and care that goes into a place that is family owned and independent. The warm smiling faces that greet you at the counter are so genuine and welcoming. Karen and Puring run the front of the store and tail it back to the kitchen to cook.  For the unfamiliar, many Filipino foods consist of stews, braises and roasts of beef, pork and chicken, which work perfectly for this concept. For the purist you can order a combination plate of classic Filipino dishes and select your own items, or you can go for something more unconventional, yet accessible, like many of its tasty hybrid burritos, chimichangas and flautas.  I must add the menu is more of a guideline rather than something set in stone. If there is something on the menu you find yourself craving, maybe call ahead to make sure she has it that day. Sourcing top quality has been tough, and on a several visits the restaurant was out of one thing or another.  Daily specials play a large part of Karey's menu, and there are always three to five specials per day. If you'd like to know about those dishes, you can choose to follow Karey's Kitchen on Twitter.  On one visit I created my own three-item combo ($5.99), which included a couple of out-of-this-world pork spare ribs. The barbecue sauce was house-made and had a wonderful slightly smoky and sweet flavor.  I also chose the chicken curry, which was fall-off, the bone tender and not heavy like most I've tried.  To round off the combo, I chose the pancit, which is the Filipino version of Chinese lo mein. Though rice sticks were used instead of egg noodles, it has a lighter sauce. Of course this was made to order and the vegetables were still slightly crisp.  The pancit is probably the lightest item on the menu and had plenty of chicken breast and vegetables for those who are watching their figures.  Adobo is to the Philippines as Pho is to Vietnam. Essentially a method of stewing meat brought to the Philipines by the Spanish in the 1500s, it has become the national dish.  Karey's version is absolutely delicious with its rich savory flavors and tender meats. You can have this in a combo or rice bowl, but do yourself a favor and get the Pork Adobo Burrito ($5.99). A huge flour tortilla stuffed with pork adobo then rolled in Parmesan cheese. With the outside rolled in cheese, it adds a depth to the burrito that I've never quite experienced.  With the burrito you also have your choice of Spanish rice, white rice, garlic rice or beans. The Spanish and garlic rice are moist and flavorful, but my favorite were the creamy beans. Karey's doesn't have a traditional Mexican salsa but instead chooses to use Asian chili paste. The spicy vinegary heat is the perfect complement to every dish I tried.  I love eggrolls in about any shape and form, including Karey's outstanding Filipino version called Lumpia ($2.95/$4.95). These are smaller than what you'd normally expect at an Asian restaurant, but the crunch factor is far bigger. Simply filled with seasoned ground pork and served with a side of sweet chili sauce, these little bad boys are fantastically crispy and light.  Keeping with the hybrid fusion theme, desserts are few but interesting and worth the calories. The Halo Halo ($4.95) is made of shaved ice, beans, purple yams, sweetened condensed milk and ice cream.  Okay, I know, it sounds a little crazy, and when it is served, the first thing that comes up is, "What have I gotten myself into?"  This dessert is brightly colored and unusual in its presentation with so many different layers. Once you brave the first bite, it won't be your last. Creamy, icy, tender and smooth, it's a textural and flavor overload that should be experienced at least once. I have a feeling I'll be having another one on my next visit.  Ask about Puring's Cassava Cake ($1.29). It's served warm and is made from shredded cassava, coconut milk and sugar.  From the crispy lumpia to the tender, melt-in-your-mouth adobo, Karen and company cooks how they want to eat and treat their customers how they want to be treated, like family.
Soooo, I just got done eating takeout from Karey's and I am stuffed and satisfied!  I had the two item combo with the Chicken Coconut Curry and the Lechon Paksiw (Roasted Pork Stew) and they were both delicious!  Both the chicken and the pork were tender and moist and full of flavor.  The pork was definitely my favorite.  The sauce they stewed it in was finger-licking good.  I couldn't get enough.  If I hadn't been so full after I probably would've went right back up there and ordered another serving of it!  I will definitely be going back, especially the next time the Lechon Paksiw is one of the daily specials!
Alexander does right again!   Please do not hate for the 4 star not 5, as they are worthy but missed it by a little fraction.   I had the 2 items with rice. I enjoyed the Chicken Adobo, a favorite of mine, and the Chicken afritada, which was suggested by the owners.   Both were really good, I had hope the meat was a little bit more tender, but the flavor was there. The fried (garlic) rice was really good.   I asked a bunch of questions and they were more then happy to answer them. One thing to ask about is the Pancit instead of rice, we can get rice anywhere, but not the pancit. I was also a little bummed they only serve the lumpia is a group, you cannot order one with a meal. (unless you want the veggie lumpia.   As previous mentioned the place is on the South East corner and on the south west of the complex.   Enjoy.... I did.
i was very disappointed in this place. i had driven far out to get here. i live in gilbert. i got the pinkbet, beef mechado and pork adobo. their portions are very measly. they are overpriced and their food wasnt very good or authentic tasting at all. the only thing i liked was the pork adobo.
Karey's Kitchen was my very first Yelp bookmark. Isn't that sweet? There was a big lull in my afternoon yesterday, a lull in which I had not eaten lunch, and yet, it was still much too early for dinner. I decided that this was the perfect time to head over to 40th St. and Thomas, and knock one more bookmark off of my ever-expaning panoply.   Karey's Kitchen is located on the southeast corner of 40th St. and Thomas, somewhat hidden behind a rogue Blockuster. There are many other businesses occupying its strip mall, but when I rolled up at about 3:30 in the afternoon, the entire parking lot was empty. Like, the whole thing. Mine was the single, solitary vehicle present. I'm sure it's a hub of activity at other times of the day, but apparently the middle of the afternoon renders the street corner a veritable ghost town.   The restaurant is small, and cute inside. It's clean and cheery, without being bright and antiseptic. I was greeted by a friendly lady who offered me several delicious samples, because it was my first time visiting! Is there any better introduction?   Another very friendly gentleman joined her, and asked me how I came to hear about Karey's Kitchen. I told him that I read about it on the internet, and he said, "OH! On Yelp?!" I like it when Yelp comes up in my daily life. It's fun. They were both very kind to me, and very interested in explaining the dishes to me.   Ultimately, I ordered a three item combo with garlic fried rice. Chicken Adobo, Beef Calidereta, and the Chicken Coconut Curry. I also snagged a square of Cassava cake.   A brief disclaimer: I do not have a sophisticated palate. I like my meals to have flavor. A LOT of flavor. Subtleties are generally wasted on me.  Delicious. Everything was absolutely delicious. The Chicken Adobo was definitely my favorite, but the other two were very, very good...things I would certainly order again. Every item was totally bursting with flavor, and I was in a food coma before I even finished eating. Scrumptious and savory. The Cassava cake was a perfect ending to the meal - it has an enjoyable, thick texture, and is not too sweet.   I loved everything that I ate, and can't wait to scurry back next week and try something new. Maybe the Lumpia...but definitely with a Chicken Adobo burrito and garlic rice. Yes. Sir.  Ps: The guy working there told me they will soon be offering Adobo sandwiches...apparently, people ask for them a lot. You heard it here first!
Based on the Yelp reviews it had received, we all went to visit Karey's Kitchen yesterday for lunch. This is the second new Filipino place we have tried in as many weeks.   The place is very small, but nice and cozy (maybe about the size of Mi Cocina Mi Pais). We went after traditional lunch-rush hours, so it was not too cramped. I'm actually glad they opted for a small location. Several of our favorite places have gone out of business lately due to too much overhead, so it's good they are keeping their expenses low. We had our toddler with us, so we opted for the outdoor seating and all was well.  We tried a variety of Filipino dishes and everything was great. I had the chicken adobo and kaldereta--both were excellent, as was the garlic rice I had on the side. My wife and niece, who are both Filipinas, also were impressed with the food--especially the cassava cake, which they raved about. Karey's also offers Mexican-Filipino fusion dishes which we did not try this time, but I might go for an adobo burrito or something next time and update the review. The service was also outstanding--super-friendly and fast. My wife ended up having a very nice long conversation with the owners after our lunch.   Living in a Fil-Am household we are always looking for new places to stock up on Filipino food. My wife is a restaurant manager (Panda Express), so the last thing she wants to do at home is cook--and as for me, well if it does not involve fire or barbeque sauce its better that we not go there. So, we order take-out food frequently. Along with Wholly Grill, we now have two new staples. I can tell right now I will be stopping here on my way home from work A LOT!  I'm giving Karey's five stars based on the fact that the food was good, the service was fast, and the owners were super-friendly. That goes a long way in my book.
A few weeks back.. waking from a migraine fog and haze of migraine meds.. I seriously was jones'n for Kareys rice! I had a friend drive me.. Intro'd my friend to Karen... who gave samples and  her friendly beyond friendly personality.. that speaks volumes in a society whos forgotten the value of customer service! Im always trying new things when in Kareys.. this time roasted pork, curry to go, and of course, my craving for the fried rice....and wow! I think my migraine got better... because a 5 is the best thing for that:-)
I've never heard of Filipino-Mexican fusion.  (Filican?  Mexipino?  FiliMex?)  I joined friends Donald and Mark (Donark?  Monald?) here for a nice Friday lunch.  The folks here were friendly and hospitable (Fraspitable? Hofriendly?) when we came in and offered sample tastes of several dishes.  We tried chicken coconut curry, pork adobo, beef mechado and the special, roasted pork.  As in roasted pig.  A whole pig, roasted on site.  In my head I heard Christopher Walken blurt his patented "Wow."  Everything was tasty.  I went with a platter of two meats and garlic rice.  I chose the chicken coconut curry and the pork adobo.  The meats were tender and well sauced.   Savory and aromatic.  Savormatic?  Aromavory?  As we were finishing they brought over a slice of cassava cake, sliced for three.  Very sweet.  (The gesture and the cake.)  When we ordered I had asked if the cassava cake was similar to flan because it looked a bit like flan.  It's not.  It has more depth and texture and substantial vegetable flavor to it.  Good stuff.  I think Karey's gets 4 stars.  This is a place that could take their food to the 5 star level.  All of the dishes were really good but tasted like they were going for a milder, more mainstream version of the full bright flavor potential.  My advice is to keep doing what they are doing, only more.
To paraphrase Carl Sagan..."In order to create fillipino/mexican fusion cusine, you must first invent the universe"     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSgiXGELjbc  You will want to give that vid a look and a listen...preferably while enjoying some roasted piggy prepared by the utterly adorable Karey and friends:)  I had lunch with friends today at Karey's:)  A little lunch, a little solving of the worlds problems (without benefit of alcohol, this time:) even a discussion of the the galactic issues that confront us all (did you know that there is an excellent chance that the Milky Way Galaxy...our home...will collide with another galaxy (Andromeda), soon?!?!?  Less than 3.5 billion years...things could get very dicey!  Until then, whistle over to the SE corner of of 40th St. and Thomas Rd. and drop by and visit Karey.  She gave us samples (since who among us understands what fillipino/mexican fusion really is?  I will tell you what it is...it is really good!  I enjoyed samples of chicken coconut curry, pork adobo, the aformentioned piggy, beef mechado (no I didn't do that from memory...I took a menu:)  I was sorely tempted to to have the "all the above" platter, but I controlled myself:)  Pork adobo, Beef mechado and garlic rice, along with a shared order of lumpia egg rolls...just delightful:-)  I am happy to report that Karey's was busy during the entire lunch hour...I am also happy to report that Karey brought us a delightful little dessert cake to try...I did enjoy my lunch today:)  In the universe I've invented, single malt scotch flows like water, I have no need for tax attorneys and fillipino/mexican fusion cooking at Karey's Kitchen is here to stay:)  When you invent your own universe, be sure to include Karey's Kitchen...I might want to visit with you at lunch someday:)
I found this restaurant thru yelp. I tried the pork adobo and coconut chicken curry. It was really good! The dishes were cooked just right. And to put Filipino stew in a burrito is pure genius! I ended up chatting with the owners for an hour before leaving for my flight (I am from out of town). Nice to discover a neighborhood gem of a place.
Finally tried this place after being thwarted last week by an emergency that had them closed on a weekday. Glad everything seems in order again.  The good reviews don't lie...this is a diamond in the rough. The food was excellent and the two lovely ladies behind the counter were gracious and generous with the samples. I ordered the chocolate stew/chicken adobo/garlic rice combo ($5.99) and hubby got the pork adobo burrito ($6.25). Ample food for a great price! We also got an order of lumpia, of which I ate  9 out of 10 before my husband even realized what was happening. I also swiped his mango salsa and ate that whole container almost in one bite.  All of the food was excellent. I have docked one star only because the meat sauces are a little on the oily side; if they could knock the oil down a notch it would be 5 stars for sure.  I couldn't resist grabbing a piece of cassava cake to go...it was the sleeper hit of the meal and I wish I had another piece right now! I can only describe it as the Filipino answer to noodle kugel; coconutty, custardy, sweet, but not too sweet. So GOOD.   We will definitely be back. Yum.
I am on a roll when it comes to trying new (well to me anyway) cuisine across the Valley. Today at work, my coworker and wonderful friend Vicky mentioned how she wanted to try Kareys Kitchen. I went on Yelp, read the reviews (especially from people that I really trusted) and I couldn't wait to go.   Walking in there (remind me please to always check the website and menu before I go into the unknown!) I was highly confused on what to order. The words Chicken, Beef, and Pork rang a bell to me, but not the words Caldereta, Tinola, and Asado. One of the owners, the ever helpful and super sweet Rey (the wife's name is Karen - hence the name Kareys Kitchen) let me try three sample tastes. The Chicken Adobo and the Beef Caldereta were amazing, but I ended up getting the Chicken Coconut Curry with steamed rice. The curry wasn't overbearing at all...in fact it was made just right.   Vicky order the 2 combination plate of Dinuguan and Pinakbet with steamed rice. (And let me tell you that you will never go hungry with the amount of rice that they serve!) I tried the Dinuguan...it was alright to me...but I am not a big pork fan. She loved it, though she was used to more of a spicier taste (Though the Pinakbet had bitter melon in it - ewww not a good after taste)   I also ordered a piece of their Cassava cake...but I was so full I only at a couple of bites. I took the rest home with me...what I had it was really good.   I am scared about when the word of mouth becomes so widespread that this place will get so crowded that it will start to become annoying to go there. Basically, the cafe is very small...cozy for now...
this was decent. i loved the fried rice. i can't believe i used to live right around the corner and never went here. i was at this blockbuster all the time!   i'm not one for chicken on the bone so i was little sad about that. it was a bit dry and i didn't get a punch of flavor. however, the garlic rice was amazing.   i also got the halo halo and i wasn't a fan. i WAS a fan of the purple ice cream she put on top. oh my lawd it was good.   i really wanted a lumpia but felt like i was going overboard already so i will have to try that next time im in the area. maybe a trip to pruitts? who knows.   7 stars for the service- they are SO SOOOOO nice and friendly. love them.
Finally Stopped at Karey's for a bite, Actually it was not just a bite but a FEAST, LMAO.  I always pass by Karey's but never stopped to try it. I always been a big fan of some Filipino dishes cuz i grew up with alot of friends that were Pinoy and Pinay back home in ESSJ, CA.  The place is small and cozy, i was the only person there which was GREAT cuz Karen (the owner) and her daughter greeted me and started giving me samples of everything, lol. Delish every single sample. She was sweet, generous pinay lady. I grabbed a 3 item meal with white rice, Also Grabbed a 10 Piece Lumpia, all i can say is WOW!! I really liked the Sweet n Sour spicy sauce they have. Damn it reminded me of dishes from back home. everything was delicious.   I'm going back Friday for some LECHON!!! They have it every OTHER Friday. Cant wait.   I wanted to grab desert too but i think i ordered enough for me to eat, ill be back to get some Friday, lol   All in all it was AWESOME food, but deducted one star for a lil greasy and some meat was dry, but it was all good!!!  BY THE WAY, yes i did try the Chocolate meat, TY Robert, lol
Spectacular service, meet Above-average Food. Although I don't know what that equals, its unique for sure.  You don't get this kind of friendly, overly-anxious to please ('officious' for you vocab buffs) service in too many PHX restaurants unless you are willing to pay for it.  I took my family to Karey's Kitchen a couple of weeks back because it was on Yelp's HOT list forever and because lumpia are like a siren to me (The Odyssey sirens, not the police car kind). We walk in and it was as if someone threw us into some foreign third-world country for lunch. The outside tables looked like an injury waiting to happen, and the inside (though VERY clean) had a feel of 'frugal budget' to it. Nonetheless, we walk up to the counter to see what goodies were bubbling for our pleasure.  The young girl was extremely nice, and was feeding us samples of everything from BBQ pork to strips of steak and chicken.  Everything tasted pretty good so we decided to order.  You order in a kind of Panda Express style with a bowl of rice and one-three choices of meat.  I got the chicken adobo (i think) and the BBQ pork (my favorite)... we also ordered a small batch of lumpia (it comes with like 10 of them!)  The only thing I was disappointed in (taste-wise) was the lumpia.  It had a plain hamburger taste to it.  I was hoping for something with a little more flavor.  Karey was a delight! She chatted with us as we ate and suggested some sauces (The Banana Sauce rox!)... She also said she roasts a pig every other Friday. I have GOT to try that!!!  All-in-all, it was a pleasant experience and I would definitely try it again!
A warm greeting means alot, but if that's the best part of one's take out experience, the establishment probably doesnt warrant four or five stars.  Portions are solid and prices fair, but there are a number of things Karey's could improve on.   First, the signature dishes we tried didnt have much wow factor at all.   The cute little lumpia are like Sharon Stone in 'Basic Instinct'. Blonde and delicious on the outside, dark and horrible within. The pork paste, or whatever it is, might as well be dog food. Sorry, but that's my honest opinion.  The authentic, custardy cassava cake was different (yay!) and cheap(yay!), but quite mild for a dessert, at least to my undiscerning, sugar-addled taste.     Our chicken sample was dry, the pork adobo and beef offered were better - the texture of the slow cooked beef reminded me of my mother's Yankee pot roast - only this had less flavor and seasoning.  My unadventerous teen said his beef burrito was one of the worst meals he's had in a while...not much juicy meat taste and a ridiculous amount of cheese which overpowered everything.    Second, the free samples are fun and appreciated but the context in which they're provided is a little awkward.  When we walked in, all the steamtrays were covered and there were no pictures of the food - at least not that I remember. Maybe there's a culinary reason for the covers, but you cant SEE or really SMELL any food!  So you're kind of at Karen's "mercy" to provide you with these toothpick samples.  She cheerfully offered three mainstays (chicken, beef, pork)...and then there was this sort of lull, where I guess we were supposed to "decide", despite a blackboard off to the side, listing four or five addtl specialties.     It's partly my fault. I asked about pancit and dropped a hint or two that I wanted to try a variety, but couldve been more forceful probing options.  By this time, however, we had already eaten six skewers and I felt a little piggish asking for more. And Karen didnt offer more. Were we hard sold something we didnt want? No.  But I felt gently steered toward a few standard selections and away from other (more exotic?) options, especially considering there was nobody behind us in line.  If the covers were off, or there were pictures, I'd have been more likely to say, "That looks interesting" or "that smells good, what's that?".   In lieu of a detailed, descriptive menu (there is none, although Karen was verbally descriptive and very helpful) I just think a customer benefits most from a visual display (think Miracle Mile Deli, Panda Express, etc) of ready to eat fare.       We stopped by around 5:30pm on a Thursday, and were at Karey's around  fifteen minutes.  There were no other customers.  Zero.  Tons of traffic driving home from work. And nobody.   At this point, I think Karey's is a more sincere than genuinely  savvy operation, but that could change by smoothing a few rough edges,  showcasing all their recipes and maybe a spicier sauce or two.    Two minor glitches.  We werent given a receipt copy for our take out order. Also, one of our plastic clamshells leaked on the way home.   The sauce was filled near the brim, but it was messy and annoying.  Good intentions...not so good execution.      There's definitely potential here and they're not too far from making this a terrific place with broad appeal.  Who wouldnt root for a relatively unfamiliar cuisine served up by such friendly folks?   But I think (for well intentioned Yelpers) to pretend they've already nailed it, largely on the strength of warm greetings and surprisingly mild fare with exotic names, may be setting Karey's up for a wave of unmet expectations. I know that's how we felt.
I'm surprised people rated the food here 4 stars(30 reviews at this time), clearly the customer service is warm and friendly, but the food is not good.  Seems much more Filipino, which was sad, because I was craving some good Mexican after we hiked Camelback.  Again, service is fantastic(probably why the reviews are so high) but the food is not good.
I honestly have no idea what I ate.  Nothing on the menu was familiar to me and when I tried to order certain things, I was told no.  I got pork something and pork something else in a combo plate.  It was damn good though.  We had tried some samples of things and I wanted the pork sample and then I saw some beef and pineapple thing on the menu that I really wanted.  I think I was told "no" and that I had to order off the giant board on the side.  That didn't really make any sense to me since the menu above the food said it was their regular menu.  In any event, then I said that I wanted the pork thing that was on the menu (because it was the only pork thing on the side menu) assuming it was the thing I had sampled.  The girl then repeated the pork thing and then gave me two different kinds of pork things.  If this is all confusing to you, how do you think I felt standing there.  As I said, in then end, I was quite happy with my food.  Very flavorful and the price and quantity were great.  I will be back, without a doubt.
I've only been here once, but due to the fact that the food was excellent and the experience was wonderful, I have to give up the 5th star.  To say I am a picky eater would certainly be an understatement, so I really have no idea what was going on in my head when I decided to try Karey's Kitchen.  I pretty much hate Mexican food and have no idea what Filipino food is, so this was pretty daring for me.  When we came in it was empty, thankfully, so we got to sample lots of food and ask all of our stupid questions to the super sweet girl behind the counter.  She wasn't shy about offering her recommendations when I asked, and I really appreciated that.  After tasting a bunch of dishes I decided on the Chicken Adobo Burrito.  It came with a side of garlic rice and chips and salsa.  The salsa I didn't eat because that's just too far out of my comfort zone.  The rice was good, but I honestly wouldn't mind if there was more garlic in it.  The burrito was absolutely heavenly!  I'm the kind of girl who likes stuff pretty plain.  Just the meat and cheese thank you very much.  To my surprise, that is exactly the way my burrito came... stuffed with chicken and loaded with ooey gooey cheese!  It was even covered in something that tasted like paremesan crumbs.  Yum!  I really cannot wait to go back here and try something new and maybe overcome a few more of my culinary fears.
This is the type of place I really love and usually give 5 stars to.  It's my kind of place (an out of the way dive)... but alas, I was not thrilled for several reasons.  Upon entering I did not smell the tasty meats simmering and cooking.  Instead, my nose was hit with incense burning.  The owner said she was burning incense to attract customers.  Apparently it was a spiritual thing.... like a rain dance during a drought.  Don't get me wrong, I grew up in the seventies and I can appreciate the odor of burning incense... although usually we burned incense to hide the smell of other burning substances... anyway, I digress.... when I eat in a restaurant I want to smell the cooking and the food.... not burning incense.  I thought the meats tasted great.  The little lumpia egg rolls were a true treat.  I loved them. Unfortunately, my brother and I both experienced some digestive flip flops after our lunch.  Despite that, I'm still going back and may have to edit this review.  I'm still rooting for this place.
This really amounts to 3.5 stars.  I think after seeing all of the stellar reviews combined with my LOVE for Filipino food, my expectations were just too high.  I took a few coworkers with me to check out the food and see if I had finally found a local Filipino eatery to curb my cravings.  Not so much.  The pancit (my favorite Filipino entree) seemed to lack flavor and/or seasoning.  I also wanted more meat and veggies - maybe that's just due to what I'm used to.  It was more just oily noodles and missed that flavor I wanted.  The good news is the pancit is cooked to order so it's very fresh and hot - just be prepared to wait a few minutes.  I was also very excited to get some lumpia.  Again, not so much.  They were tiny with some mushed ingredients in them.  Also again, it may be just what I am used to, but I've always had ones which are longer with more fillings - stuff you can actually see and taste what's in them.  On a positive note, the folks there are extremely friendly and helpful.  It makes me want to like it even more.  I'll go back and give it another go - I'll give the chicken adobo (my other favorite) a shot for some redemption.  A few tips: *If you order pancit, order first because everyone's items are not brought out at once and the rest of your party will be waiting on you. *It is a small place - tough to fit the 5 of us.  There were only a few other tables to seat 2.  I really wanted to like you Karey's Kitchen...
It's hard to give a two-star review for Karey's Kitchen given the storm of very positive reviews so far, but anything more feels really inaccurate given my two experiences there. Let me explain myself.   The first time I went to this place (which is just a few blocks from my office), I really liked the food but found the service hit-or-miss (albeit ridiculously friendly). As of April of this year, I had stopped eating meat, so I was unable to order anything from the ready-made lunch buffet. Not the restaurant's fault, per se, but it would have been helpful to know from the extensive "laundry list" online menu that fish/tofu items had to be made to order. I did end ordering a noodle bowl with tofu and shrimp but it took 25 minutes. Even though the man helping me was incredibly apologetic, it was frustrating on a busy work day to be so held up. The noodle cake he offered me was also good but hard to eat before I had actually eaten my savory lunch! Again, though, my noodles were greasy but really good.   The second time I came to Karey's Kitchen, I brought a co-worker. She eats meat, so she ordered items from the lunch buffet. I again ordered something off the menu and we also ordered some vegetarian fried rolls to share. When my food finally came, we dug in. Her pork-based dish was incredibly greasy and she described the meat as being "suspect." My vegetarian dish (essentially a tofu rice bowl) was good but also very greasy. Worst of all, the vegetarian rolls had meat in them! Third strike...  I do truly appreciate how nice the staff at this place was each time there were mess-ups. I was also really impressed by the way they leveraged social networking (Facebook, Twitter) to advertise their opening and spread awareness. I also understand that as a family-owned business, they are short-staffed. All that said, they need to focus on doing fewer menu items better and should add some vegetarian/fish items to their main lunch menu so people like me don't have to wait half an hour for a special order.
I spent 18 months in the Philippines with the US Peace Corps, living with a host family in Southern Leyte. I missed my host mom's homecooking so much, I was desperate to find some local Filipino food. I have been to Karey's twice now and while the food is prepared a little differently, the chicken adobo, chicken curry and banana burrito (turon) are out of this world! The staff is SUPER friendly and make me feel right back at home. The staff is Tagalog-speaking so I still don't have a chance to practice the Cebuano I learned, but they get a kick out of the little Tagalog I know :) The restaurant itself feels intimate, small and exclusive. It is the epitome of a place one would come to expect a home-cooked meal made with love.
my first visit was great.  beef machado burrito is killer and very much a full meal.  very nice staff.  super small place that i hope stays that way.  every time a good place like this expands, it seems to go down in quality.  i don't see karey's doing this (at least i hope not).  i'll be back very soon to check out the adobo plates.  love some filipino cuisine!
This place hit the spot! I'm so glad I decided to check this little place out. Filipino food is hard to find when looking at restaurants out here, but now I can say I've found one. I wanted to try everything on the menu! I ended up getting the coconut chicken curry, adobo, chili and lumpia. Everything was amazing and tasted like it was cooked at home. The chicken curry even had whole chicken wings in it (this made me so happy)! Next time I go, I have to try an adobo burrito!  The icing on the cake for me was that Karen and Rey were unbelievably friendly. I felt like I was at a close friend's house whose family was cooking and making me try all of the delicious food.  I can't wait to find time to go back to Karey's. I plan to bring my Filipino roommate (he smiled so wide when I told him there was good Filipino food afoot). Thank you very much Karen and Rey! See you soon!
I'm sad to see that this place has closed, because it was the only place that put out food that rivaled the stuff I remember my mom making.  Went here on a trip to Phoenix in June, and I was pleasantly surprised by how delicious everything was.  The adobo was spot on; the caldereta was delicious.  It's hard to believe that a place so solid (and seemingly popular, from the amount of reviews about it) could close down so quickly.  Maybe their prices were too low for the quality of the food they produced?  Ah well.  It seems like a moot point now, but it was definitely my favorite Filipino food restaurant while it lasted.
This cute little place is on my way home from work, so finally I stopped in. Hidden behind the blockbuster, almost didn't find this place. Family owned, customer service was impeccable. I always appreciated family owned places and prefer them to corporate owned places. It's like college football compared to NFL...college has more heart imo. Anyways me and my analogies.  My step-grandmother is Filipino so I was all over the lumpia and adobo. I got a little crazy and had the chicken adobo in a burrito! It was sooo much food, but oooooo so good. I joined them on twitter so I can see the specials. I won't be going in when they got the roasted pig, makes me sad. I got a pet potbelly pig named goose back home. aww he's the love of my life. I need to take someone with me so I can share  dessert...it looked tempting.
We stopped by Mekong Plaza yesterday to shop at the market and eat at Boca 7 (which is very good). In the back of the mall, in the nearly empty food court, is a brand new Filipino-Hawaiian place called Wholly Grill. Since we had already eaten we bought some items to-go to try for dinner. Considering we ate the food hours later and microwaved it, everything was good. What made it exceptional was the amount of food we got for the price. Also, the lady running it is from Cebu, and the style of cooking there differs from the Manila style most Phoenix Filipino restaurants employ (this according to my wife who was born in Manila but spent her adult life in Cebu). I hope this place will thrive. Its great to have an inexpensive Filipino place in town that can cook Cebuano dishes!
I was down in Arizona for a dental seminar. After a long day,, My friends and I decided to hit the mall(Mekong Plaza), Luckily, We ran into a newly opened Filipino/Hawaiian Resto. This place is a "MUST" try.  The food was EXCELLENT, YUMMY and the servings were HUGE!!!!  But most of all "GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE"  I can only wish we have something like this kind of "Mom and Pop" resto in northern cali.  We had a great experience and I "HIGHLY" recommend it.  I promise you will keep coming back for more.  :-)
As a Filipino in Phoenix it's hard to find Filipino restaurants in Phoenix especially Tagalog Filipino cooking. Most Filipinos in Phoenix are illocano or Visayan and there really isn't alot of Filipino restaurants to try so when my mom and I saw a banner outside of Mekong Plaza of a Filipino grill that just opened, I made sure that the next time I found myself at Mekong I'd stop and try it out. Anywho, Wholly Grill is owned by a Cebuana, and they specialize in grilling hence the name. There are usually two things I'll try out at a Filipino restaurant and that is their barbeque and the house special. In this case it was the pork barbeque and the Liempo (grilled pork belly). Chona the owner was pulling out all the stops to get people to try out her place hence the 4 stars coz she was giving out samples. The barbeque was not sweet which was good and not too saucy! I think that's what people are not big fans of and that's sugar sweet filipino food. The Liempo was not fatty nor salty and with the 2 scoops of rice and the macaroni salad (pinoy style with the raisins) along with two pork bbq sticks for around $10 it wasn't a bad deal. I just wish she had sago or Halo-Halo. But it's not bad, and if I need a Filipino fix I'll stop by at Wholly Grill! you should too!
Wholly Grill gives me yet another reason to make Mesa, and particularly the Mekong Plaza area, a favored gastronomic destination. Located in the north wing of the Mekong Plaza complex, a block away from the Mesa terminus of the light rail, Wholly Grill offers savory, satisfying  grilled and non-grilled Filipino dishes as well as juices and smoothies. Pork belly has become a craze in many restaurants recently, but the liempo (slices of pork belly marinated in citrus and soy, then grilled) in this place is a traditional Filipino dish and, after trying it in this Grill, has become one of my new favorite dishes. Make sure you order the grilled eggplant salad in lime-ginger dressing as a side - it accompanies the liempo perfectly. In addition to grilled and skewered chicken, pork, beef, and shrimp, you can also get specials such as nilaga (beef and veggies in broth), pancit (noodles), dinuguan and other Filipino specialties; just ask what the day's special is. 1-item plates with rice and a side cost between $5.95 and $7.50, and a 2-item combo is $8.50. And don't forget to finish your meal with the saging turon (fried banana roll, one buck); it's especially good when you add ice cream (for an additional buck).
After having read the reviews, I knew we had to give this place a try.  The husband and I had dinner here and are already planning on eating at the Wholly Grill regularly.  The service was superb.  The owner was very friendly and made sure we tried a sample of the house specials.  She was very attentive and made sure we were taken care of.  We had the BBQ chicken and the Liempo (BBQ pork belly) and both were excellent.  Our dishes took a few minutes as they don't cook the meal until you order it, but it was worth the wait.  We added an order of lumpai shanghai (at three pieces for $1, who can turn that down?) and the lumpai was also very good and very fresh.   We had the Cassava cake for dessert and it was a great ending to a delicious meal.  They are now offering longsilog and tosilog for breakfast too.  Prices are reasonable and portions are big.  Definitely try this place out - you will love it!
My picky children aged 7 and 11 loved the food. The youngest had the BBQ beef and gave it two thumbs up. My oldest said the eggrolls were the best he has ever had. He also had a great flan for dessert. Prices are very reasonable and the service is very friendly. This is in the mall with the Mekong supermarket so you can enjoy a great meal with your shopping trip. I had the bbq beef with the eggplant side (excellent). Even the macaroni salad is a cut above anything I've had before -- not too heavy like most. My wife had the pork skewers with the papaya salad side -- it was a perfect accompaniment to the grilled pork. We shared a strawberry banana shake, which thankfully was not too sweet.  It is a very rare occasion when everyone in the family likes a restaurant, but this one fit the bill.
This place is wonderful!  Great portions, great prices, great service, great food.  Defintiely plan on going back again and again!  Fortunately, we live close by.  Be sure to try the fried banana rolls with ice cream for dessert.  It's heaven!  My husband and I tried the pork belly and bbq pork.  Both excellent!
This place is so good. The owners Ivan and Chona were very personable and the samples were wonderful, we ended up getting a good selection of BBQ Chicken, BBQ Pork Belly, and Shrimp and Beef Skewers. We also had the banana rolls with ice cream,   Go in the side door and not the main door, unless you love the smell of fish. The smell is not coming from Wholly Grill, but it is in the market.
I read the reviews. I had a craving for Flip food...so I dragged poor unsuspecting hubby along.  It's located inside the mall around the corner from the nail polish store. *swoons* Nail polish AND Flip food? Momma's come home. Too bad that nail polish is more expensive than that food!  Anyway, I was slightly put off by it not being a restaurant, but I got over it once I had that pork adobo goodness in my mouth...and all that RICE! The BBQ chicken. O.M.G. TO DIE FOR!  Their lumpia shanghai was good and 3 for $1 - I can easily see people totes forking out mega money to get that full feeling!  I met Chona and she was a total sweetheart. Note to self: add her on FB. :)  I really enjoyed the cassava cake and atchara.  I can't wait to bring mommy here when we're in AZ.
My brother-in-law suggested this place to me after he stumbled upon it shopping in the Mekong Plaza.  He told me about plates they served and how delicious it was.  we were both in the general area so i suggested we go and eat there...he didn't hesitate...  Finding this place may be a tad bit difficult because its not your typical store front location.  Follow the signs or ask around and you'll be fine.  Its located inside a plaza and is similar to the mall food court eating type experience (if anyone else is there. lots of seats. it was pretty empty but it was a tuesday afternoon) so just be ready for that.    Wholly Plate #7 Two-Item BBQ Combo (except tuna) is what i ordered. Meat: Skewered BBQ Pork & Liempo (pork belly-"house special") Side: Macaroni (standard). Rice Included. *ordered a side of atchara (perfect combo with the BBQ) and of course extra scoop of rice. All of it was soooo good...thats all i really gotta say about that...with my nieces so dessert is unavoidable so we got a couple orders of turon w/scoop of ice cream ($1.00 each item)...delicious...  On a side note i couldn't help but acknowledge the owner for running to the store to get bananas for the turon as they just ran out.  they didnt have to do that but to see my nieces devour it is always worth the wait...or course be patient as the meat is made to order...did i mention its worth the wait?
I went to Wholly Grill last month based on the Yelp reviews. I've been to the Philippines a couple of times and have eaten all the native dishes. I had two barbeque pork skewers with the rice, carrots and brocoli. I normally don't like to review a place after one visit, but realistically, I don't find myself too excited to go back and give them another try.  The BBQ was meh. The yellowing brocoli and carrots were heavily drenched in pepper, not very appetizing.
I have one word for you, son.  Porkbellies.  Specifically, GRILLED Porkbellies.  With a side of rice, a side of pickled eggplant, a side of macaroni salad, and a side of cucumbers.  It doesn't get much better than this.  (crunch, crunch, crunch)
4/7/10  Wanted to try this place back in March when Mom and I spotted an ad mentioning Filipino food in the plaza, but we'd already eaten pho, so had to wait until the next shopping opportunity brought us to this area again.  Met the very warm and friendly owners-- we really do wish them great success!  Since it was almost closing time, the food items in the buffet, and there weren't many to choose from, didn't look interesting, so we decided to try the pork skewers (the recipe of which the husband and wife team were very proud of), as well as the liempo (pork belly) serving that called out to Mom.  A combo plate of these two items also came with rice and achara (pickled papaya and carrots).  I also ordered one piece of saba at langka [saba bananas (or in this case, plantains) and jackfruit, wrapped in lumpia wrapper and deep-fried].  The wait for our food took longer than I expected, but it wasn't too much of an issue since Mom took awhile to do the groceries.  The wait, however, was worth it!  I really enjoyed the pork barbecue skewers- the flavors really took me back to my childhood in the Philippines, when street food, already a daily ritual for us then (and just now gaining popularity stateside) had us sampling BBQ, fried fishballs (and the many different sauces to dip them in!), steamed rolled rice and tuber pancakes, ripe and sour mangoes (the latter eaten with bagoong (very tiny salted shrimp) or vinegar and garlic, and "dirty" ice cream, to name a few from food carts that were to be seen all over Metro Manila and around colleges (grammar schools) and universities ("colleges" here).  Writing about those pork skewers actually make me want to stop at Mekong Plaza now, instead of going for Italian or French food I was considering earlier!  The liempo, on the other hand, I could've gone without; I remember thinking that we should've just ordered a double of the BBQ!  The skewers were just more flavorful than the pork belly pieces.  While Mom enjoyed the liempo, she did agree that the BBQ was were the money was at, and the owners really did have something to be proud of!  Let's not forget the dessert!  On second thought, maybe we should.  First, I didn't care for the presentation.  Take a gander at the photos, and you'll see what I mean.  Second, it wasn't very sweet.  Not even sweet enough.  See that pool of caramel sauce the turon rested on?  I did not leave a single drop on the plate!  Not because it was so delicious, but because the roll really needed the added punch.  Mom already knew it wasn't going to be anything to write home about, just by looking at the offering, but did wait till I took a couple of bites before saying "I should've just bought the ingredients at Mekong and made you those at home!"  My sentiments exactly, Mommy dearest!  Oh, but the pork BBQ!  Run and try some now!
I've only been here a few times, and each time, the food has been really good.  It's a nice change-up from the other Filipino restaurants in AZ.  I usually order the grilled pork belly, grilled beef, rice and the eggplant condiment they have.  They cooked the grilled items when you order them, so it's a bit of a wait, but it's worth it.
Great little place.  I ordered the grilled pork and Chris D. got the pork belly. They were both delish. I think I liked the belly best.  They lady behind the counter was very helpful in explaining things (our first time with Filipino food). She also gave us some watermelon to go with our lunch. As we were leaving I asked about the special pork they had that day. She gave us a taste and it was melt in your mouth good.  We actually had leftovers, I made pork fried rice with the next day.  Thank you for the outstanding customer service.
We met Chona who is the owner of the restaurant.  The food brings back memories back to Angeles City where we have an abundance of grill joints that sell grilled pork bellies and chicken.  Her special sauce makes her grilled food really tasty.
Wholly Grill is no longer alone in the Mekong Plaza food court, as the other eateries finally opened during the Moon Festival. But the food is just as delicious as before and the service just as friendly. I had an overpowering craving for pancit palabok today and made the trek to Mesa to try Wholly Grill's version of it. It was wonderfully authentic: rice noodles generously bathed in a thick savory annatto-hued shrimp sauce, with tender shrimp, crunchy bits of crushed chicharon (pork rinds) and flakes of tinapa (smoked fish) -- Filipino comfort food like no other! Of course I had to pair it with gulaman at sago, a popular Filipino cold drink sweetened with panocha brown sugar and with cubes of gulaman (flavored agar) and tapioca balls.  The meal reminded me of the scene in the Disney movie Ratatouille, where the food critic took a bite of the food and was immediately transported to his mother's table when he was a child, eating her delicious cooking. That was pretty much like my experience today.
The food is okay and cold. They forgot my Oder =( I had to wait at least 20 minutes to get served. It was mind boggling because the girl in the behind the counter didn't noticed that my food wasn't serve yet and she is the one who took my money and I paid for my food. She had a very passive look and overall I am disappointed with the service and food.  The staff needs to revamp their customer service and communication skills. That's why I had to give Wholly Grill one star. I would not eat there again.
I tried this place out for the first time today and must say it was the best experience I've ever had eating Filipino food in Arizona. Not only is the food spectacular (I had the Lechon plate), but the people are as friendly as ever! I'd been waiting to find a place in the metro Phoenix valley that serves tasty Filipino food with integrity and a positive attitude. I am happy to say that I have found it. Pinakamasarap na pagkain sa valley for sure!
I was in the area and starving for lunch so I popped in and tried their chicken adobo and lumpia and both were good and the adobo was very filling.  Finally I have found another Filipino place I can eat at again since my old fav closed.
Only tried the adobo, but I loved it!!
Fast and friendly service, with hearty filling dishes.  Now to be honest, I am not an expert on Filipino cuisine, so all I can say is what my taste buds tell me, but the lumpia was very good, perfectly crispy on the outside, with flavorful meat on the inside.  The chicken adobo was also good, and reminiscent of soy sauce marinated chicken that my mom used to make.  They serve lechon on certain days, and I would definitely like to try some of that when I am in the mood for slow roasted pork!
Excellent Filipino BBQ at this place.  I was visiting Phoenix for work and needed to satisfy my Pinoy craving and this place hit the spot.  I'm not sure what the owner's name was, but she made sure I was taken care.  The liempo here is one of the best I've ever had so make sure to order that.  The place is located in a shopping plaza so keep that in mind when you're looking for it.
First the Mekong food court has a charm all its own.  Enjoy it, embrace it.  We knew from prior reviews that Wholly Grill's claim to fame was the pork belly.  We tried the pork belly, tilapia and shrimp skewers all of which were very good as were portions and value.  The plates were topped off with plenty of rice and a side dish, which for both of us were steamed veg.  Pork belly would elsewhere be more expensive, and the tilapia was expertly foil wrapped and grilled with a fragrant and tasty ginger/onion/tomato mix.  All in all, much better than you'd expect from a food court meal.
I would actually go for 2 1/2 stars...The Lechon (special on Saturdays) tasted like it was premade. The "crispy" part of the pork belly was almost gooey. The meat itself tasted good, although better with some Kikkoman shoyu. The pancit was good, but heavy on the vegetables. The gem was the shanghai lumpias. For $2.00, you get 5 mini (half) lumpias, that are GREAT! They give you a sweet and sour sauce on the side, which I don't think goes well with it. Being a true Filipino, I like my lumpia with a vinegar sauce. If you ask the cashier, for a vinegar sauce, they have a white vinegar, with some onions in it. It was ok, better then then the sweet and sour...Overall, a descent find...
Yes I'm a fan! I rarely get to eat Filipino staple foods such as monggo (mung beans) with pork. I loved it. We went there for lunch with two other fellows and a Mexican friend - she liked the pork liempo. I finished my generous-portion plate of pork chop, rice and monggo.   Also recommending egg roll (lumpia shanghai). I have also tried their ready-to-eat dried fish (called jeprox). What I did not like is the eggplant salad, kinda too cold and not seasoned.  Overall experience was great, can't wait to have another lunch sometime at Wholly Grill
Came here with a Filipino friend. Ordered the Lechon (pork), blood stew, and the pancit guisado. I love them!!! i love the Lechon especially, crispy skin and juicy meat.  Overall, very good filipino food!!
Great
This was my first time there, I was looking for a quick to go place for lunch and I figure that since it was in a food court, it would be fast- but no I waited longer than I wanted and there was only one person in front of me. I ordered the bbq steak over rice, the food was good, the portion was ok. It was my first time having Filipino food and the cashier did try her best to explain their dishes to me. I just think this place would be better as a sit down resturant, not inside a food court. I also though that $11, was pretty pricey for a quick lunch.
Back to the roots is what I say.  NOTHING will beat moms cooking but this place is definately a soul soothing gem hidden in the Mekong plaza.  Charming food and friendly places but its definately something for the adventurous palate if you'd not accustomed to the cuisine of the Phillippines.  Try the Bangus (marinated fish dish) served ith rice and Eggplant.  Exotic, tasty and stays in the box.  If you're looking for more americanized anything in the BBQ region but if you'd like to get a taste of real Filipino food the Sinagang with the fish sauce is AMAZING!
Food is just OK, service is very slow and menu items are limited. There is actually not much real Filipino food on the menu. Centers around grilled items (chicken, beef, etc.) that has obviously been cooked before hand and reheated. I wouldn't eat here again unless it was the only restaurant in Mekong Plaza that was open and I was VERY hungry.
The restaurants in the Mekong Plaza are all worth at least one try. The Wholly Grill is one that is worth a second, third and fourth try. We needed something good and cheap for dinner, and are all about supporting local businesses when we can, so we meandered over to the Plaza to see what the food court had to offer. We opted for Wholly Grill and were not disappointed!   I got the grilled pork belly and my partner went for the pork skewers. I couldn't tell you which one I liked more. The skewers were tender and juicy, and my partner loved the eggplant salad she got with it. They reminded me of the awesome street food you find in that part of the world. My pork belly was crispy on the outside, and the perfect texture on the inside. If not cooked right, pork belly can be chewy, rubbery or like trying to gnaw on a piece of fat. This was not like that at all. I was full and kept eating. Every time I thought I was done, I saw another piece of meat on my plate and had to have it.   The staff was super friendly. When asked what she recommended, she giggled and said the pork belly, like she wasn't expecting a ginger, white girl to go with her suggestion. There are a few more things on the menu I'd like to try, if I can get around ordering something other than the pork belly. Which I'm already craving again.
Tried the celebrated pork belly.  Tasty, especially with the dipping sauce, not bad at all, but imho not nearly as good as the roast pig next door in the Mekong Palace.  The accompanying vegetable, broccoli, was way undercooked, almost raw.  Some of the other dishes that I saw  - shrimp with noodles and rice - looked interesting.  2 1/2 rounded up to 3.
I happened to go on a day of a Filipino Festival in the mall. Long lines of customers at Wholly Grill, most of whom were speaking Tagalog. So this place seems pretty authentic. The grilled skewers were fine. I was particularly hungry that afternoon. The service was chaotic, but I think it was due to the festival. Food was coming out slowly and there wasn't any order to the line once I ordered. Others received food ahead of me. I'm sure they'll be more consistent on non-festival days. The festival was fun to watch.
Since the first time we tried the Liempo and the lechon, we were hooked!  We are from Las Vegas and every time we come to Arizona, we have to go and eat at Wholly Grill.  The pork liempo and their lechon (on Saturdays and Sundays) are awesome!  On the 22nd, we took our entire family here to have lunch before we shop for our ingredients at Mekong market.  Everybody loved what they ordered.  My brother in law loves their chicken adobo, my husband super loved their chicken bbq and my niece loves the dinuguan that she ordered.  The rest of the family ordered the liempo like me.    We also loved Ate Chona, she owns the place and cooks everything.  She is one sweet lady that takes pride on her cooking.  We have ordered party trays here and have never been disappointed.  Their food takes a little longer to come out because she cooks them fresh.  You cannot rush perfection -- this is coming from a person that loves to cook and takes pride on the food that I make as well.  Last Monday, we ordered a tray of Lechon Kawali (it would have been lechon but Ate Chona did not have fresh pork belly anymore) for our Noche Buena. Another top notch dish from Wholly Grill.  It was totally delish!!  The tray went too quick and was disappointed that I wouldn't have any left over for the lechon paksiw.  I always recommend Wholly Grill to all my friends who wants to visit Arizona.    A must try place if you are craving or wants to try good Filipino dish ... you won't be sorry! We totally love this place!  I wish we have a place in Vegas that is comparable to this.
Located in the food court at MeKong Plaza, this is a great place for authentic and very tasty Filipino food.  We ordered the BBQ chicken plate and the bangus (fried whitefish) as well as the palabok that we ate within the food court.  Absolutely fantastic!  We live in Prescott Valley and there isn't a decent Asian restaurant within 50 miles.  It was a real treat to eat Filipino food again and this restaurant won't disappoint!  Atmosphere isn't that great, but the people who work there are terrific and the food is wonderful.  We got the dinuguan to go and it was also terrific.
This is the coolest little place! Yummy lumpia, great prices, reminds me of the Porter Square Asian Food Court in Boston... Who could argue?!
Cowabunga Dudes:  This place ROCKS. Had the pork skewers - best damn fillipino food this side of Manila. Will definitly go back. Can't wait to try the chicken.  Rock On,  Moi.
This place is so cool.  Food is made to order, so it's nice and fresh.  The menu was pretty large and I was disappointed that I couldn't try any of the meat dishes (oh, Lenten Fridays!).  I mean, the pork belly looked PHENOM.  I decided to order the grilled mahi-mahi.  Any of the entrees come with rice and one side, so I chose the eggplant salad.  (It was either that or the papaya salad.  That's an awesome option to have, right?)    I was starving when I got there, so even though I probably only had to wait for 15 minutes, I felt like I was waiting for an eternity!  The mahi-mahi had a nice garlicy flavor to it, so when you combined it with the white rice + vinegar/soy sauce, it was too good.  The eggplant salad was different than anything I've ever had and it added a nice saltiness to the dish.    Another Filipino food win!
If you didn't know they were here, you might miss them.  They are in the Mekong Plaza, but are not visible from the outside.  You have to go through the first set of doors that take you to the market, then go down the hallway at the north end.  Back in there is a food court, and Wholly Grill is there.  This place specializes in Filipino food.  There aren't a lot of Filipino places in Phoenix, and even fewer on the east side.  Of the ones I've tried this was as good as any of them, and had bigger portions.  One huge complaint I have with many of them is the microscopic portions (that often include bone and fat).  Here the portion was reasonable.  They have a decent variety of dishes here.  The ones we tried were very tasty.  Not as good as my wife makes (by a long shot), but tasty.  The ladies behind the counter were friendly.    I wouldn't journey here just to have dinner.  But if we're at Mekong (or nearby) and feel like some food I definitely can see returning.
It has been a while since I've dined at this place.  It used to be okay, but now seem to have slid down the scale a little bit.  First, the Kare-Kare lacked meat and looked like it was sitting in a warmer for several hours as the meat was somewhat soggy.  Same with the Adobo.  The grilled Liempo was pretty good, so was the lumpia.  Service was a bit slow compared to most asian eateries.  As for the Halo-Halo desert, not only did it not have much ingredients to it, but they added mango.  In case they forgot Halo-Halo should never have Mango bits to it.  The milk and acidic fruit just don't blend well.  To top it off, there were too many flies in the food court.  Overall, not a pleasant experience, and definitely not going back in the near future.
Every now and then I decide to hit Mekong Plaza for the hell of it (Mostly the market to try new things).  I knew there was plenty of restaurants in the plaza, but haven't been in any of them.  So, anyways we seen this place on Yelp before in the past, but haven't decided to try it at that time.  So the other day, my friend and I, after checking out Guitar Center, drove over here to check out this restaurant.  Ok, first of all, it is part of there food court, so its not really a sit-down restaurant.  It looks smaller compared to the other eateries in the food court, but the menu looks impressive.  When we both go to a new place, for some reason we usually get the same foods, nothing fancy, but things that look tasty and that we know we would enjoy.  So we both got the BBQ Combo plate with the rice and Macaroni Salad (always a favorite side dish).  We sat down at the table right in front of the restaurant, in case they couldn't find us.   First thing I noticed was the flys, because someone did seem to slack at cleaning the tables (dont know who is responsible for that).  We were the only ones who ordered and waited probably 6 minutes before anyone else ordered, so we knew they were probably working on our food.  Finally about 20 minutes after we did order the food came out (heard they make food after you order so no big deal).  The beef looked and tasted great (don't know anything about Filipino BBQ beef so it tasted fine to me).  They gave a great amount of rice, and just a little sample cup sized of macaroni salad (tasted great, wish it could of been more).  For a decent price, it wasn't too bad at all.  There is plenty of places to check out there, even Asian Cafe Express (down the street) is excellent on its own.  I recommend trying this place and even the other restaurants there as well.
I will come back every Saturday and Sunday every once in awhile just to get the lechon not the lechon kawale because my mom makes hers a lot better along with our Turon that has my sisters and my favorite included: langka. Which we found out that theirs does not include it,just sweet banana which was really good it's just kind of a bummer when you know the Turon that we make obviously has it.  I felt bad for my mom since she thought the guy standing in the front could speak any dialect from the Philippines to find out he's from Hawaii, so none of the things she was saying to him in Tagalog went right over his head.  Anyways back to food! ? Pancit palabok-C- Lechon kawale-C Lechon-A++++
We got the Adobo. Was okay but my pork was full of little bones and hardly any meat. I bit on my first bite and a sharp bone stabbed my gum. It was painful. I don't think I'll ever get it again.
Having the Lechon Plate...Cebu Style slow roasted pork with crispy skin.. two skeweeed BBQ pork...and of course. . Having a Halo- Halo..
Ordered the Lechon plate with the sweet cucumber. I was kinda sad...my rice was warmer than the entree. And the flavor was not as bold as I imagined it would have been. Also had the pork skewer....amazing flavor I must say! Next time im gonna order the BBQ Beef Plate. The halo-halo was delicious as always. Im gonna come as often as I can so I can start knockin down everything on the menu...one by one.
Went in here early on a Saturday night to check out the new small location near the Aliante casino.  It is definitely more of a bakery and take out of limited classic Filipino dishes such as fresh lumpia (Filipino egg roll), dinuguan (specialty vinegar, blood, spices, and coconut with meat and innards), and pancit, a Filipino style pasta dish and others.   There are only two tables in the whole place.  Really we came in here only to get halo halo ($5) which means "mix-mix".  This is a crushed ice and milk dessert with preserved fruits (beans, corn, lanka, and kaong, and topped with ube (taro) ice cream. You mix it all up and use a long spoon to eat and drink.  You can go ghetto and drink it down like a soda.  It's gross that way because you'll end up slurping to get everything in your mouth. Little kids eating it this way lose some of it on their faces, some on their shirt, and some on the floor.   I also bought a small pack of mini baked rice cakes ($5) - plain and ube. My brother also ordered the fresh lumpia ($4.50) which was a rice wrapper filled with sliced pork and fresh vegetables, and topped with a warm sauce.  It's made to look like a dripping burrito but unless you scrape off the sauce, use a knife and fork. Everything we ordered was good, but the other dishes in the cafeteria style eatery was really worn down by the end of the night.  I like these smaller Goldilocks locations.  The large ones in CA are sit down places have terrible service.  Often, there is no host so you end up seating yourself anyway.  Here you order, then if you're lucky, you find your seat, then someone takes your order to your table. Simpler is sometimes way better.
With my experience with Goldilocks on June 23 , 2010 i tried ordering stuff from the menu and most of the items are not available and the food is not even worth the quality the way its prepared specifically the siopao turns out to be cold on the inside and hard on the outside as if it was microwaved EATING AT THIS GOLDILOCKS IS VERY EXPENSIVE . if i were you i would not go here . ;O
So I was getting crazy hungry at Costco and saw the sign for Goldilocks....I've wanting some Filipino pastries so perfect timing (I was JUST talking about enseymada the night prior).  They had a small prepped food selection, but Crispy Pata was calling me on their cook to order menu. Oh the hypertension! The server asked if I was eating in and immediately told me to please sit myself down. I think they might have expanded since the 1st persons review since there was a good sized dining room. He prepped a table with some utensils and plates and cups of water and asked for our drink order as well.  The BF was still full from his lunch, so he got a Ube Shake with Boba. My crispy pata is a la carte so had to order a side of rice. It was pretty decent as far as it being soft and juicy inside and having a good chip like crisp to the skin. I was happy. I havent had this in a long time, but this is one of those that you SHOULDN'T eat on a regular. The Ube shake was good flavor, but the ice was rather too coarse for a "shake". For Halo-Halo it would be good, but not a drink.   They came to check on us and also brought a bag for the pastries I selected (Ham Enseymada, Puto Bumbong...both pretty good)  and asked if they can get us anything else.   If you have been to a bigger, busy Goldilocks they are a lot more impersonal. Order, seat yourself, throw your own paper plates and plastic utensils away. I was kinda taken aback that this one has that Filipino hospitality. Doesn't matter if it's "fast food", they want us to be comfortable and that is why I give this a 4 when most Goldilocks are at a 3 for being just A-OK food and minimal customer service. I never take for granted a caring staff.   Will come back. A plus is it's fairly close to my house. The other location is way on the other side of town.
Worst food I have ever had. Horrible service. Stick to the baked goods not the food.
If I had just one word for this place, it's "s-l-o-w".  The food is okay.  I was one of two customers, and I think the staff was overwhelmed.    I can wait for good food.  I can wait for good food if it's busy and there's a waiting list.  I can't wait for marginal food with horrible service.    The baked goods (already made in the display) are decent and bring this one star shop up to a two star.
I like most Filipino food I've tried and this place is pretty cool to me. I've been raving about my sister-in-law's pianono since Thanksgiving of 2007 and have been looking for a good substitute since. I like the little loafs you can purchase here. All though they do not compare they do have the ability to take the edge off the craving. I found a new favorite, Ube. I don't know what it is but I like it. It's my favorite color... PURPLE.   I have not actually stopped in to eat, seeing that my Filipino husband says no matter what "it's not like mom makes." Still I don't know, next time I go I'll leave him behind.
This place is horrible. I am Filipino and this place puts me to shame. I ate here with my family one day and the service was slow and the food sucked. The server never got my order right and served me cold food. The boba drink I ordered should have been my first sign because it was so bland and was not blended to the right consistency. The server never even checked up on us after and we were polite and his ONLY table in the place....this place is an utter disappointment, so if you want the crappiest service and horrible food this place is for you.
I wasn't too impressed with Goldilocks Bake Shop when it comes to service and even their food.  Visited here a couple of times in the last year.  Normally, these visits are a request by my mom when she's in town.  She doesn't complain much, but could tell she's never really satisfied with the food.  As for me, I always feel like I am inconveniencing the employees here just by walking in and having them ring me up.  Simple Hello, Thank You, or even a smile would have brought my rating to at least a 3.    My most recent visit was for some freshly baked Pan De Sal.  Guess What??  No can do.  Once I walked in I just realized that I wasn't at Valerio's where they sell fresh Pan De Sal.  No fresh Pan De Sal also means no freshly made Filipino Pastries.  I ended up getting a Ensaymada just so I can give them a little business.    Also...no credit/debit if purchases are less than $10.  Just happens to be the day I forgot to hit the ATM.  No problem.  I found enough spare change in my car to make my purchase.   I've been to Goldilocks in Vallejo, San Jose, and San Diego.  Never an issue at those locations.  I will probably not go out of my way to come back.  But if mom is in town and she wants Pinoy food, then I guess I have no choice.
This Goldilocks shut down and is no longer in business.
Kusina Ni Lorraine could easily become my new favorite Filipino Restaurant in Las Vegas. We recently had their food for Christmas dinner - delicious! Portions are big but the tastes are bigger! I recommend the pancit, lechon kiwali and turon - the trifecta of great filipino food.
Phil-USA Bikers held a breakfast officers meeting last July 24, 2010 at Kusina ni Lorraine.  Kusina ni Lorraine customer service is the lowest of the lowest.  Before two hours of our meeting, we were told by the owner, I believe her name is Aida, that we need to move our motorcycles to the uptairs parking area or leave because there are  only few parking spaces for other customers.  They do not have the right to make us or any paying customer moved their vehicle from the front parking area.  One, there is sign that limits our time to park.  Two, there is no sign that says "Kusina ni Lorraine" parking space so, it is a public spaces.  Their food is close to poison.  I had "Bopes" that morning and I have to missed my lunch and dinner because of gas built-up on my stomach.  That will be the last of me Kusina ni Lorraine visit.
So much for my "First to Review"  I'm 2nd to review   Family trip to Vegas means a few things. - Be prepared to eat. Buffets all day everyday! - Practice that smile, because you will be taking lots of pics!! (Oo the Eiffel tower!, ooh the lights!, Ooh the water show!, Ooh the giant billboard of the half naked ladies!) - Be prepared to take turns watching the kids (rugrats not allowed on the casino floors) - Be prepared to eat. Yes I know I said that twice, but its the honest truth. When you go to Vegas with the fams I swear they just want to eat everything. On this particular trip, buffets were on top of the list. A full buffet of Filipino food is what made this trip different than all my other trips to Vegas! Kusina ni Lorraine(Lorraine's Kitchen?) used to be called Lolas. It is located off the strip in a Filipino plaza. (Filipinos taking over!? First Manny, now the buffet industry??) Good: - the grub. Besides the typical Pancit, lumpia, adobo, they had other favorites of mine such as beef steak, kare kare(dish made with peanut butter) and other items I cannot pronounce nor spell..(sad, I know) - Family owned. Lorraine herself took care of us! Bad: - if only there were more variety. (Like at the typical buffets, you have food from around the world. Here you have food from the Philippines...exciting, I know) Ugly: - My belly! I don't live at home anymore so eating Filipino food is rare. I made sure I packed my stomach with as much as I could! Vegas, yes we know what happens here stays here. Filipino Buffets, please stay there!!
Let's see...writing this review is gonna be a bit of a challenge because I really don't know what most of the foods are called.  I will, however, say that Kusina Ni Lorraine is a fantastic buffet.  Having spent 3 nights in Vegas at this point and nursing a hang over, my friend Mon and I headed over to this little buffet on the recommendation of her mother.  Being Filipino, we figured that if her mother approved, Kusina Ni Lorraine must at least be decent.  Some of the highlights of this buffet definitely has to be the crab omelets, those delicious little Filipino sausages, and the blood stew.  Everything else there was pretty good too.
I'm Filipino and I'm used to all the "interesting" habits of my culture. So when the owner's  cute 2 year old daughter climbed up to the table and starting eating my food that didn't bother me. And it didn't bother me that even tho she took a liking to my 9 month old son and kept playing with him and us and the owners didn't even try to stop her or get her. lol. What can I say? We must all look like relatives to her!   Anyways, but for $7.99 and all the choices of food you get, it's a steal. Oh yeah and the flat screen TVs showing TFC on heavy rotation is a plus for the hardcore. It's clean and spacious inside and the owners/staff were constantly wiping up and changing out food. That's probably why they weren't watching their girl. lol.  Everything I had was good (fried bangus, pinakbet, bistek, curry) except a small amount of pancit palabok they had out, it tasted spoiled. My MIL, let them know and they immediately removed it, but they didn't offer us a discount. What can I say they're pinoy right? And I personally like my sisig more on the crunchy side. It looked crunchy but wasn't. =(   I'd come here again as its so close to the strip and a nice change from all the American buffets etc you'd normally eat in LV. My recap:  Pros: -Large selection of tasty food -Clean & spacious facility, so go ahead and bring everyone and their lola -Close to the strip -Attentive and friendly staff -Hella Pinoy  Cons: -Hella Pinoy (lol...kidding). -The spoiled palabok, looked like it was the last bits from lunch or something.  -They could have more desserts available in the buffet. All they had was honeydew, pineapple (can), cantaloupe and cheapy ginataan.
Been here twice... the selection seemed about the same... but not so sure.  It's like walking into an aunt's house. The workers there are friendly, speak Tagalog to you right off the bat, even if you don't speak it (good or bad? Hmmm) and make sure you're ok for the most part. I like the pork gisantes they have, and the pancit is pretty tasty! At $7.99/ person there's not much to complain about. They also sell other goodies and snacks at the register. Probably will be back with the fam soon.  Honorable mentions: Pusit Diniguan (dinardaraan)  Ohh, parking is somewhat odd. One way only, so make sure you take the correct entrance! Although the lot is small, I usually find parking right away!
I need to convince the parents to take us here more often instead of our usual spot at Pinoy Pinay. It was hard to come across something that wasn't good. From the adobo, to the pancit, to the bistek (beef steak), to the tinola. It was flat out scrumptious. You're guaranteed to make at least two trips. Forgot to mention it's buffet style, which is a plus in my book. No doubt I'll head back here the next time I want Filipino food in Vegas.
The food is bland and tasteless. Maybe I'm spoiled by good filipino food. The tocino is flavorless, how can this happen? The karekare had no flavor as wells as the adobo. Really? How can you botch those up?   At least the food was warm and fresh. But I would eat anything cold with more flavor. The food here isn't made with care. This is a big let down.
LOVE IT!  I wish there was a Filipino restaurant just like this out here in California, even more so out here in Garden Grove!
If you are craving some good Filipino Style Home Cooked foods and too lazy to cook that day....GO HERE! Whenever someone asks -"Where is there a good Filipino Restaurant?" - I always say KNL!   It's not a fancy place,  so don't expect VIP treatment or someone waiting on your beckon call.  What you can expect is plain ole good cooking like home.  If you get there early enough...you can have "SILOG" BFASTS.   - and all the times we have gone there- they always have fresh CHICHARON CHICKEN SKIN.  (Which my gf Yvette loves) Lots of choices also.  ( I have been to other Flip Buffets and the choices were not as much as KNL) $$$$ the price?  So minimal for a buffet! But carry cash only. Location?  If you are visiting and staying on the strip- it is not too far for a quick cab ride. If you are into TFC...they have it on for your pleasure.   Dessert- not really much, GINATAAN and some cut up fruits.  But really.... after hella eating- who needs fruits.   At the counter where you pay there are some CHICHIRIA (snacks) you can check out and buy.    I highly recommend this place.  Go enjoy....your tummy will be happy.  DON'T FORGET TO TIP YOUR BUSBOY!  BE NICE.
this place isn't a typical restaurant or buffet that you're looking for if you're not filipino.   as for me, the atmosphere felt almost as if i went back home again {:   it's been a long while since i've eaten filipino. so i was DEFINITELY satisfied when i ate over there!  i think it'd be better if they had a dessert section though. cus filipino desserts are yummy! instead, they had a fruit section that was not getting refilled :[
Hubby and I ate here on Sat night, 12/18/10.  Parking is one-way at this little strip mall, so watch where you enter from Maryland Ave.  Kusina Ni Lorraine is a Filipino buffet for $7.99 for AYCE.  Drinks are extra -- don't know if they serve alcohol, as we don't drink alcohol.  But they have a choice of sodas and they also serve ice tea.    The variety of meats (ulam) are mixed and varied.  But unfortunately most of it was pretty greasy.  I had the kare kare  -- which was not the best in the world as it was pretty bland, even after adding the bagoong.  I also sampled the paksiw, bistek, pusit (squid), and pinakbet.  The bistek and pusit were good of the meats I sampled.  Hubby had the sweet & sour meatballs, bistek, pancit, and beef caldereta.  Hubby enjoyed the bistek and caldereta.      The steamed rice is on the buffet in a regular steam pan and not in a large rice cooker (as most Filipino restaurants serve their steamed rice from a large rice cooker).  Prefer the steamed rice to be in a rice cooker so that it doesn't dry out.  Oh well  ...  There is also a choice of fried rice.  Not too many desserts on the buffet  --  I did see a rice bibingka, but since we do not really eat dessert, we did not go looking for any others.    This is a cash only establishment, so be forewarned.  There are TV's on each wall with TFC on.  The restaurant is relatively clean and although not "Johnny on the Spot" with clearing your dirty plate, they do eventually come to your table to pick up your dirty plates.  They do insist that when you go for 2nd or 3rd helpings that you pick up a new plate.  (I believe this is a Nevada state law regarding buffets).    This is only the 2nd Filipino restaurant we've tried in Vegas.   We've been to Pinoy/Pinay and it is still our favorite in Vegas.  Although for $7.99 a person, Kusina Ni Lorraine is still a bargain.  You are bound to find an "ulam/meat" that you like, as they do have a large and varied selection.  Next time we are in Vegas, we will have to try them during breakfast/lunch hours to see if their breakfast foods are better.
KUSINA NI LORRAINE is a 'MUST' if you're:  1. Visiting Las Vegas and in dire need to have filipino food... 2. On a budget... Buffet for $7.99...  Gotta admit... I've tasted better on some dishes, but overall, the variety is awesome, ingredients taste fresh and there are so many dishes... guaranteed something for everyone!  If this review meets your criteria... What you waiting on??? GO!
If you love food that's floating with oil, then go A head be my guest.
We had a reunion recently in Vegas.  I had arranged for my cousin & her hubby to pick me up at the airport before meeting with my friends ...my plane came 3 hours earlier than most of them. I was craving for some  "dinuguan" they  drove me to this place for lunch.  Love It....I come from New York where most Filipino restaurants serve a combo of 2 courses plus rice for $5.95 and the portions are too damn small.  This Kusina ni Lorraine is a filipino buffet ...Eat all you can for $7.99.  .and the dishes are pretty good...the pinapaitan, sisig, sinampalokang manok, dinuguan,  inihaw na baboy, bopiz, adobong pusit, munggo guisado,tinola, binagooan, were my favorites..but the list did not end there...they have kare-kare, adobo, pancit, tahong, ampalaya guisado, upo guisado, and many more.....It's so good we had to go back  there like 3 times..we also dined in other filipino places, but I find this place a lot better...  For desserts they have cut up fruits...pineapple, cantaloupe, honeydew & watermelon.  Oh and some ginatang muggo...  They also have tuyo, tapa, tocino, daing na bangus, fried egg...longanisa...unbelievable...I wish there was one like this here in NEW YORK!!!   .Will I go back again?  Certainly!!!!
this buffet is only $7.99 with soda being extra. they have a pretty clean and spacey dinning area with flat screen tvs playing TFC.  mirrors on walls opposite from the tvs so everyone can watch. considering the beat up location around the restaurant i give them props. most of the food is pretty good like their lechon dish. they could've added a chicken dish like chicken adobo or bbq or fried chicken cause there was only meat or seafood dishes. they also have some Filipino snacks and desserts that are sold separately from the buffet.  they are friendly and have good customer service. the llittle girl always does funny things cause she doesn't know any better. she took the open/close sign from the window and started waving it around while they were cleaning up and already closed. she also kept pushing away the moping bucket when they were moping.
love it!!! great filipino buffet. we love the staff. great place to go anytime of the day
Hands down, the best Filipino buffet I have had in Vegas!  The place is located on a strip mall across the street from Boulevard mall. When you walk in, you will notice how big, and clean it is. How the their marble top tables and chairs are all nice and even quite comfy.   They let you eat first before you pay. The cost per person is $7.50 for the AYCE Filipino buffet.    They have a HUGE selection of Filipino foods  including but not limited to: sotanghon, ginatan bilo bilo, sisig, adobong kangkong, lumpia (meat and veggies kind you dip in vinegar "suka"). They must have had 100 different entrees to choose from , without exaggeration.   Soda is unlimited , just pour your own from the soda fountain section in the back of the buffet.  When it was time to pay my bill, I find out they only accept CASH!! I had to run to the bank right next door to Wellsfargo (which was not a big deal) but a bit embarassing, I had to leave my daughter there, so they wouldn't think I was going to run out without paying. I was thinking to myself, "what business nowadays don't accept credit card or debit cards?".. not a big deal, i needed the walk anyway after all that pig out session i just did ha!!  Definitely will come back next time i crave filipino food after church on Sunday.  PS, they play TFC like any other filipino joint. =P
Food is alright. Just dont waste ur food so u dont get charged xtra.
Ok I just moved into the area and came into Kusina Ni Lorraine to get some take-out.  This place was extremely busy at the buffet so that usually is a good sign.  My dad bought some entrees and I purchased some dessert items.   I bought 2 karioka sticks, 1 banana que, and 1 halo-halo.  I gave them a $20 bill and received $7 back.  Of course, there is no pricing on any of the items except the halo-halo, which was listed on the board for $4.  At first I thought this was really expensive and after consulting with my wife and dad in the car, my instincts were right.  Being Filipino-American and only being able to speak in English, I felt they definitely decided to pull one over on me and overcharge.  As I was leaving, they were talking about me in Tagalog and I'm not sure exactly what they said but I laughed and they knew I understood.  So when I got home, I anonymously called and asked how much the karioka and banana que are.  They told me $1.99 for the banana que and $1.75 each for the karioka.  So the total should have been $9.50 instead of the $13 I was charged.  I immediately confronted them about the price discrepancy and the lady obviously remembered me coming in and came up with an excuse saying she charged me for a "large" halo-halo that cost $6 instead of $4.  Anyways, you get the point.  The halo-halo and banana q weren't good and the karioka was decent.   My dad ordered sisig and it was soggy.  The other entrees he got weren't that good either.  We won't be coming back and I'll be sure to tell others not to waste their time here.  It's too bad because they lost potentially long-term customers.  I'm sure there are much better Filipino places in the area that I'll be giving my money to in the future.
One of my favorite Filippino buffets in Las Vegas. Its not their fault they lost a star. Its just the area. Lock your car. It is a comfortable, and clean restaurant. When I dine here, I get memories of the Philippines.
Darn it, I really wanted this place to be awesome. We arrived there after work around 7:40p...they closed at 8p! So we had to deal with the leftovers from the day. So of course, as all endings to Filipino parties go the food was luke warm, there were no garlic rice, no lumpia, and very limited choices. Well, $8 for dinner ain't nada I guess. Soda is extra btw.   At least the ladies were nice about us being there. There were even a couple people coming in for dinner, so I didn't feel too bad. TFC (The Filipino Channel) was on, of course which made me feel like I was at my mom's house. Gave me a warm feeling...unlike the food. HA!  I had heard very good things about this place in it's primetime (lunchtime is the best I heard) but I definitely won't be coming back that late. I'll try it again when I'm back in town.
Hands down, the worst Filipino buffet I've ever been to. I really didn't like the food selection (not varied enough, too bland) and the restaurant could be a little cleaner.  My major gripe was when I found a long piece of hair in my fish. I pointed it out to the wait staff and the lady just took away my plate without offering any apology. On top of it, I was still charged full price for the buffet. I realize that restaurants have different policies when handling these types of situations, but the least the staff could have done was acknowledge my complaint instead of sweeping it under the rug. I will never go here again.
We had lunch here yesterday, and it was so delicious. We enjoyed every dish, and Maribec is a food critic especially of her own cuisine. So that says a lot. Staff was very friendly. "Bangus" was deep-fried with crispy skin.... fabulous. I enjoyed everything! Plus, it was all extremely reasonable. $7.99 per person, not counting beverages.
Came here for the first time last weekend.  Funny how I found out about this place from out of town friends.    Food is varied.  I took three trips to the buffet and every time, there is new dish being served.   Most dishes are good, reminds you of your mom's or aunt's cooking.  Pancit malabon and kare-kare are my favorites.  Some are just ok.  Wish they served leche flan for dessert.  But for about $10, soda included, this buffet was worth it.
I felt like I was eating at at Filipino family party at this place, for only $7.95 per person.  CASH ONLY (leave the credit cards in your wallet).   You can eat as healthy (or unhealthy) you want here.   Non-Filipinos were eating here when I visited, so perhaps they think the food is good here, too ??     Looking forward to coming back here.  Worth it, especially if you are from out of town, AND have a car rental.  Not sure it's worth it if you have a take cab from the strip, since it's a lil bit of drive.  Food isn't really greasy for Filipino food.  Didn't taste any MSG, either =).    Limited dessert selection (i.e. fresh fruit), but you don't eat here for the dessert.  Enjoy your favorite ABS-CBN or GMA shows, depending on what channel is on !  Great service.
This place is seriously the bomb!  Delicious food, excellent service and not too far from the strip.  Everyone must try this place.  I will definitely come back here when in Vegas!!! I was upset with my family from Vegas for not letting me know about this place sooner.
Good stuff and pretty cheap too!!!
Best filipino food deal in vegas. Bar none!!
We decided to try this buffet again, we were in vegas last year and wasn't impressed with this establishment for the main reason: FOOD IS ALWAYS COLD!!!! For goodness sake, turn up the heat underneath where the food sits and no need to make a mound of food, the dilis was piled  mountain high but tasted stale and cold. I will guarantee you from getting your plate of food to sitting down, your food will be cold. Food is bland, it's seems like they are more concerned with the quantity of food they put out instead of the quality. I won't go there again.
I always come here to get some food to-go, and the staff are always so friendly and helpful. You can get a plate of rice and two types of food for $5--what a deal!  The food is best around lunchtime and right before dinner--that is when it is the freshest because of the turnover from the number of people eating there.  On Sundays, the dining room can be packed full of hungry Filipino families chowing down for the buffet, and they keep the food coming pretty regularly. For only around $8 a person for quality Filipino food, this place is great for a group of people to eat.  The only thing I don't like is the area where the restaurant is located. Directly across Maryland Parkway from Sears/the Boulevard Mall, this place makes me want to get out of my car and into the restaurant quickly, and vice versa when I'm done. The parking lot can be also be pretty full, so you may have to go around again and park on the roof. It is also not the most pleasant area to be around in the evening. I have no qualms about the restaurant itself, however!  When you come, try their sisig or the bopis. They're both usually pretty fresh and delicious. The kare-kare is also excellent, with extra bagoong. Try it out!
While visiting Vegas with family, our family friend who lives in the area took us here. Where my mom currently lives does not have filipino food available, so she was excited to go to a buffet that was exclusively filipino food.  The price is reasonable... I think it was a little below $8 a person (not including drinks). The food was really good and the variety was great! Whenever one dish would run-out, they would bring out a totally different dish in its place. So I knew what we were eating was fresh (for a buffet haha). I guess that's also a downer though. When your favorite dish is gone, it's gone (well until the kitchen decides to make another batch). Loved the bilo-bilo that came out right when we finished, so I had to go make a quick run to grab some before it ran out.  The manang (who I assume is the owner or family of the owner) was very kind and great to talk to. She kept apologizing that they didn't make a certain dish that a person in our group wanted to eat. She also gave me the heads up that the bilo-bilo was out. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at this place, but I wouldn't not go back here.
Saw a worker drop a couple of plates on the ground and put it back on the trays for serving. Hmmmmm E-coli yummy. Sub par food gives this place one whole star!
I was glad that we got to try out this Filipino restaurant when we visited LV last week. I'm not familiar with any Filipino buffets in Socal so this was a treat.   First off, the selection is quite a lot when considering that most turo turo only have between 6-8 dishes available. When I went they had at least 20. For sure they had everything from Dinuguan, Tocino, Daing, Munggo and even Sisig (which was my favorite dish of all).  The place itself was clean. The area where the food was held was clean as well. The only thing I thought was different was the use of the trays. I know that probably served to keep the area clean and all, but I felt it just used up more room on the tables than needed to be. That part wasn't really much of a deterrent. I will come back again.  My only gripe would be the parking. There is a one way parking and above building parking if you don't see it right away you'll miss it and have to make a u turn or two. hehe. If it wasn't for that I may have given 5 stars. Especially being the only filipino buffet around (not to mention the taste of the food was good!
This Filipino buffet smashes on all the Filipino buffets I've been to in Cali. There is a big selection and they had all the favorites I grew up to. They had chicharon bulaklak, dinuguan, beef steak, sisig, and more. Plenty of food for an unbelievable price.  Like my parents when I was growing up, they wasn't any air conditioning but plenty of fans. The food and the atmosphere made me feel like I was back at home. I ordered a halo halo for dessert and it topped off an already sensational meal. Definitely going back again when I come visit Las Vegas.
Never tried Filipino food, so I couldn't wait to try this out.  The buffet is quite large and has an extensive selection.  But buffet food is buffet food.  Seems to me that the taste or the quality of food was at best average.  Nothing blew me away.  Nothing was terrible either.  I really wasn't impressed.  The fresh fruit was the best part of it.
"Pinay ako!" That's the Filipino/Tagalog phrase for "I'm a Filipina." When I saw this place had Hello Kitty stickers with "Pinay ako" on their wall, I had a feeling this was a good place. (Hehe, I tend to like places with Hello Kitty...who would have thought ;).   Anyways my first instinct was right because Kusina ni Loraine is great! They have a buffet filled with lots of Filipino food! If you've never ever had Filipino food ever, this would be the place to try it out! They have traditional favorites like Filipino pork bbq, beef steak, kare kare (Filipino peanut butter stew), sisig (sour fried pork) and pancit (noodles). . They also have items you don't see often at a Filipino buffet like fried chicken skin, chicken curry, picadillo (ground beef with potatoes) and molo soup (dumpling soup with noodles).  It's a great selection of savory eats and tasty treats! I really liked that I got a little taste of all of my favorite Filipino food here! There's nothing like eating a fulfilling meal of white rice topped with kare kare sauce and pairing it with pork bbq sticks! Yum!  Aside from the savory offerings, Kusina ni Lorraine also has some desserts. They have a fruit bar with grapes, cantaloupes and honey dew. The day I went they also offered a yummy Filipino dessert via ginataang totong (coconut dessert with mung beans). The ginataang totong was sweet and very good. It is like eating rice pudding.  The buffet here is $7.99. You can pay another $1.50 for the soda. They also offer other treats here for an extra price like turon (banana eggroll), 3 for $2 and Filipino ice cream popsicles and ice cream drumsticks, $1.50-$1.99 each. They also sell a variety of different chichirya or Filipino snacks via chips, crackers and other goodies! (Oh and  they sell non food items like the  cool Filipino stickers with the Hello Kitty I mentioned earlier ;) and Filipino clothing)  Kusina ni Lorraine is a great place to try different Filipino food! Whether you are looking to eat a traditional meal or a light snack, you can find it here! I have found my new place for Filipino food in Vegas! Pinay ako and I love good Filipino food!
Do not come here this is the worst restaurant i ever been. Food quality and customer service are both below average.
Treated myself this is homestyle Filipino buffet yesterday before meeting a friend at the New Hispanic Museum of Nevada location at the Boulevard mall across the street and before attending RAWVegas last night.  I came hungry as was not disappointed.  Eating here transports back to the barangays and the fish head soup was particularly memorable for me.  This is basic Filipino fare but always satisfying. As the other reviewers point out,  this restaurant is basic Filipino cafeteria style, but very clean and the staff invariably pleasant.  There is a wide selection of dishes, although a Vegan would find the offerings rather meager.
I'm from Texas & visiting Vegas once again but with my family this time. Let me start by saying i checked out the yelp comments first before coming to the restaurant. The negative feedback or 1 star were a little harsh but i still wanted to check out the place & experience the buffet (erthing is bigger in Texas, but no such thing as a Filipino buffet down here). So i was pretty excited! Lemme tell u, my overall experience was a total bliss. & same goes with my family. To all the haters saying no taste, too greasy, too soggy, too cold, hair in my food, dirty place, smell like clorox, over charged me this/that, soda is extra...c'mon! What's next, "this place made me fat!" This place is obvously not getting enough props. But bros, sis, uncles, unties, lolos, lolas...stop hatin!  If you dont like this place perhaps you've been domesticated far way too long, lol! Until we meet again Lorraine, mad love all the way fr the heart of Texas.
Food is great.  plenty to choose from.    I like their adobo squid.  I had them as a kid and it's been a good 20 years since.  however, for some reason, they don't remove the cuttlebone.  so be careful on your first bite.  either lack of time or lack of knowledge on cleaning them up or they think cuttlebones will add more flavor to the dish or that's how they're cooked from 19-kopong-kopong  one big turn off is their rice.  either low grade or they don't have a rice cooker.  or maybe they want you to focus on the 'ulam' and skip those carbs.
My first filipino buffet here in vegas, selection, food and the inside was good. The only thing that bothered me was the location, as we were coming out there was a guy pushing a cart rummaging through the garbage wearing a Britney spear torn out costume, my 2 year old was like what's that mommy? Other than that I would come back on daytime.
I found this place by accident. My wife and kids were at a discount shoe store (extra ghetto) and I took a little walk down through the shopping center and there it was.  The GOOD: AYCE Filipino food and it's GOOD. This beats all the other Filipino restaurants/buffets/cafeterias I've ever been to and I've been to about 6 of them both here in Las Vegas AND in Hollywood, CA. The selection is much bigger and the food tastes better in some cases. Also, it's pretty cheap for what it is ($10.03 gets you the buffet and a drink if you're paying by cash)  The BAD: 3 things didn't sit well with me about this place: (1) They are either (A) trying to save a buck by keeping the A/C off and running big fans or (B) trying to make the residents feel at home in the humid heat by keeping the restaurant hot. You choose. Either way I think it's ridiculous to NOT have the A/C on and to have all your customers sweating while they eat. Keep in mind that this is VEGAS in the summer! One of the fans wasn't even pointed at us it was pointed at the ceiling. Go fig.. (2) They charged me an extra $1 because I was paying by debit card, which is illegal by Visa/Mastercard policies. (3) It's in a really SEEDY part of town in Central East Las Vegas. There were bums and drug dealers walking all over the place. Most of the other shops were CLOSED around it. Funny sidenote: The shoe store we were in (about 200 feet away from this Filipino restaurant) was sooo GHETTO. They had all these pictures of black women (kids and adults) stealing shoes. These were people they caught on camera stealing shoes... from a DISCOUNT shoe store,,, like I said, it was a SEEDY neighborhood filled with SEEDY people.  FINAL VERDICT: I'd still go here because that much good food at that price can't be beat. I'd give this place 5 stars if it weren't for (1) the A/C being off (2) charging me an extra $1 to use a debit card (3) being in a seedy neighborhood
I really enjoyed this Filipino buffet. It's a lot cheaper than the ones in Hawaii and also has so much variety. I love how you could also get your own fountain drink and refills. It's not anything fancy, but the food is pretty good. The rice was kind of mushy and that was my only problem.  They also sell snacks and I was super happy they had watermelon seeds available for purchase!!  Remember to bring cash because that's all they accept.
Great food! Many choices, and they had Sisig and Bopis, which are a steal. They only had few vegetables though, and most of their foods are greasy, but I would definitely go back here again since the price is cheap for a Filipino buffet, and only if you're really hungry go here, otherwise, watch your calories soar above the sky. The location is not a good one, as it's in the ghetto area of Las Vegas, with bums asking for money roaming around the area. Overall, it's a fantastic place!
Kain na tayo!!!  Holy cow are there a ton of choices at this buffet. For only $7.99, you have about 20 items to choose from. My plate was full and I had about 5 tiny bowls on my tray with various stew type dishes: Kare-Kare, monggo, adobo and a few more that I don't know how to pronounce or spell. On this particular visit, there were about 6 different eggplant dishes and I love me some eggplant!   Although there are a ton of choices, like any buffet- you have your hits and you have your misses. It was about 50:50. The Kare Kare and the Dinuguan were huge misses, but the lechon kawali and the BBQ pork were huge hits. The fried chicken skin was quite salty but also oh so tasty.  When in Vegas- go big or go home.   I came with my family (and when I say "family", we were about 50 people deep). Thank God we made reservations and reserved an entire section for our little get together. The service was quite accommodating and friendly, considering how large and hungry our group was. I was even touched when I saw a homeless man walk in, and one of the servers gave him a cup of something (food? drink? I don't know) but it was a very nice gesture. Way to go, my peeps!   *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 72/100*
Very friendly, the menu is awesome sarap talaga.
First time to have  Filipino cuisine and it was great!  There were lots to pick from and they were always rotating to keep it fresh. And for 7.99 it was well worth it.   The restaurant was VERY CLEAN and the staff was overly friendly ready to answer any question the newbie questions I had.  Only downside was nothing had names so there was no way to know what you were eating. It was a surprise with every bite.   Will suggest it to anyone
The food here was alright, I came here a bit closer to closing time so they never put out new food once the old ones were finished so I will give them the benefit of the doubt and say there food is usually better than what I tried (thus the 4 stars and not 3). Out of the 5-6 diff kinds of foods I tried while I was eating only 1-2 were actually good. The rest of them were either a bit too salty or a bit too watery for my taste. All in all I would say this place is perfect for a quick Filipino food fix (especially since the buffet is just 7.99)
*** 3 1/2 stars***  Kain na!  As a Filipina American, I know a little something about Filipino Food. Kusina Ni Lorraine is a go to place for my family when we go to Las Vegas. Located just a few minutes from the Strip, you can get a very extensive Filipino buffet for $7.99 per person. Pretty great deal for Vegas.   The restaurant is very clean and the staff is very friendly. Good ol' Filipino hospitality. They have a wide variety of food options and rotate the options regularly so everything is fresh. Everything from pancit, to kare kare, lumpia, and a variety of other dishes. The one thing though is there aren't any labels on the food. So you may not always know what you are eating, especially if you are new to Filipino food. Still definitely worth the visit!
Great value for Filipino food buffet style. Friendly staff. Parking can be a challenge. They need more desserts--other than just fruit.
First, I would give this 3.5 stars if YELP allowed it..  My Filipina wife agrees with this rating.  Unlike many Filipino buffets this one has a large selection.  Unfortunately there are no labels, which was annoying.  Even as someone familiar with Filipino food I was unsure about some dishes.  My wife also couldn't tell until she tasted some of them.   At least two looked like kaldereta.  Even after trying both I was only about 70% sure which was kaldereta.   The food was good, and at $9 the price wasn't bad.  Another good sign is that the place was packed with Filipinos.  One disappointment was no desserts like puto or halo halo.  Just ginataang mongo. I prefer some kind of pastry or ice cream, but it didn't seem to bother my wife (so maybe it's just an American thing).  They have one large TV showing the Filipino Channel (TFC), and they sell a few gifts also (like T-shirts).  They will take a credit card, but they charge $1 to do it.  If your bill is around $30 that's what VISA would charge them, so it's not unreasonable (our bill was $40 since there were four of us).  I'm not a huge fan of buffets (strangers who may or may not have washed their hands recently handling the serving utensils!!), but if you get beyond that the food was good and there was a nice variety.
This Filipino food is buffet you'll ever had in LV. My friends and I are visiting here from SF and man this restaurant has the best selection of food and the taste of there cuisine are very tasty and I highly recommend it for all you guys to try it :-) This will be my favorite restaurant whenever I come here to visit.
came here for the first time with hubby and cuzzen...it was alright...not too much selections for a filipino buffet type.
The selection was good and worth the price tag of $8.99 + $1.00 service fee to use a charge card. Some potatoes in the menudo was cold? Not quite sure why that was. Some dishes were too soupy for my taste. The veggies were half cooked in the pinakbet. The ginatang mongo was good. They could've had more Filipino deserts other than grapes, watermelon and cantaloupe. Parking was some what of a hit or miss, not a lot. Otherwise the food and customer service was good.
Pleasantly surprised with today's visit here at Kusina Ni Lorraine.   Food:  My mom and I had the lunch buffet. It was $8.99 per person and there were about 15-20 choices! I tried the sisig, kare kare, pinakbet, pancit, fried fish, soup, and white rice (just to name a few).. All were delicious! Def get the bang for your buck!  Restaurant:  roomy, fairly clean, and you get TFC on tv. Typical Filipino restaurant setup.   Staff:  They didn't hover (a plus in my book..!) but they weren't overly friendly either (again typical). No complaints here though.   Area:  Parking is not that great (limited spaces) and this side of town is a bit sketchy.  I will definitely come back. This may be our new go-to Filipino buffet restaurant. This first visit sure beat all the visits at Nanay Gloria!
My friends from high school & other class graduates of other years decided to have a combined reunion in ......where else....Las Vegas..& was looking forward to see old friends. I was looking forward to go back to have a good meal at the Kusina ni Lorraine....Found out that they had opened their 2nd branch, good for them.      Had to drag my group to have breakfast there instead of having an all American breakfast at the hotel. The price of the buffet was still the same from 2 years ago..eat all you can for $7.99 and the food as usual was excellent...The dishes they have were all authentically Filipino...where can you get "Sinampalukang Manok" nowadays..Certainly not in New York. We were lucky to have it when we were there.I was told that they don't have it all the time & my favorite "Dinuguan" They have probably like 20 or more selections, its crazy...The place was packed...Well the food was damn good, you can see why they opened up a second place.  Will I go back? Definitely!!! If I go back to Las Vegas for another reunion....probably next year, who knows!!!
Best filipino  buffet in Vegas. They have the authentic filipino dishes and it's delicious! There's many selection.
I feel like i'm back home! Cooking is great, staff is great, this really just takes me back to Philippines. Where everything was of equal taste for the buds.
LOVE it here. This is the only bakery I know of where I can get cookies and cream Polvoron - Filipino cookie that crumbles and melts in your mouth.  YUM  I have my Fiance hooked on these things .. I should have bought more ;)
Two words.  MANGO CAKE!!!!  Try it and you will know what I mean.
I only frequent Red Ribbon for their cakes. I love their cakes, especially the mango and choco mocha crunch flavor. Recently bought the choco mocha crunch for my mom's bday party and everyone that tasted it, asked for another slice.  The cake is moist and it isn't as sweet.  It's like biting a slice of heaven!
Most of there items are sent form California. They are hard by the time they get to you. Not my first choice for Filipino pastries/baked goods.
I love the siopao. Soft white bread. Delicious pork filling. I ordered a pack for a small discount and cooked these for lunch at work. 30 seconds in the microwave and a very very tasty lunch!
Fresh Lumpia, FTW!!!  It rivaled that of my aunts...and THAT says alot as she made the most amazing lumpia ever.    I think that the sauce is one of the best parts about it...so this one was realllly good as it had just the right amount of garlic in it.  Very fresh ingredients, too!  Try it out!    I also brought back a ton of ensymada and mamon.  The mocha mamon is really good!  Wish they sold that in Chicago!  Next time I hit up Red Ribbion, I'm definitely gonna try out the empanadas!  Sad I missed out!
This is a review for their mango and ube cake.   I don't know how I'll ever ... ever see cakes from Sams Club, Walmart, Albertsons etc.  the same way again. The first time I tried Red Ribbon cakes, I just melted. They've got a genuine taste to them that doesn't scream 'artificial ingredients!' like their more commercial counterparts. My father and I got my mom a mango cake for her birthday last month (it's $29 for an approximately 15x5 inch cake) and it was gone the next day.  It was that good.
Good service, limited selection of pastries compared to Valerio's. Looks like they specialize in cakes.
I love me some chicken empanadas.  Those are about the only things i get from there.That's all i have to say about them!
I'm not here to settle the debate between Red ribbon vs Goldilocks, but I must say  their ube roll is outstanding. Wish they have a bakery in Chicago!
enjoyed their desserts.
I do love Red Ribbon.  I know the cakes are not fresh and are probably mass produced but they are still tasty.  The brazo de mercedes is also delicious.  I believe they should have a wider selections of cakes my the slice.  I am a local but I bring family and friends in from out of town and they want to have a slice of cake, not a whole cake and then go back to the strip!  Also, I know there is Jolibee and Chow King next door but the savory food offerings here are extremely lacking.  They do it better in Virginia Beach.
Just like any franchise this place is well run and manage. Came here for the empanadas. Price is a bit high compared to other bakeries. Come here for the specialty pastries and cakes for a taste of home.
Delicious unique cakes and pastries at a reasonable price. It's fun to browse through all the different sweets to pick out what you want. I got a ube mamon (purple yam sponge cake), a mango bar, and a slice of banana bread. Each was $1, tasted very fresh, with great flavor. Too bad there isn't a Red Ribbon in AZ anymore!
Delicious Cakes and if you like empanadas, they actually serve Beef Empanadas. Clean environment. Love the MABON!
Consistency...is when you go to any Red Ribbon location and you get the same quality and taste of food. Red Ribbon in Las Vegas, L.A. and Manila...they're all the same.  I like the cakes here especially mango, sans rival, chocolate mousse, choco mocha crunch and crema de fruta. Their desserts aren't extremely sweet which is unusual for Filipino desserts. A lot of Filipinos are diabetics. They use real fruits and the cakes are soft. They have the best mango cake ever.   Their mamon is super soft and buttery good. If you like mangoes but don't want cake, the mango bars are great. Chewy and sweet bars with mangoes. They also have banana slice, brazo de Mercedes, mocha roll, ensaymada, empanada, siopao (steamed pork buns) which are pretty good.  I'm not a fan of ube...but I heard from reliable sources that their ube cake is delicious. Their palabok (noodles with sauce, pork, fried garlic, sliced hardboiled eggs and green onions) is yummy.  And what Filipino doesn't like pan de sal (warm and soft bread rolls)?  I'm sure there are so many new bakeries and cafes in Manila but for now, the best chain bakery that has reached this country/city is Red Ribbon. The other Filipino bakery is what my mom used to call "poor man's bakery".
I prefer Goldilocks more, but end up buying from here more often just because it's closer to my house and conveniently located inside Seafood City. I must say they do have the edge in their mango cake in comparison to Goldilocks. The cake and whipped topping is light while the mango is perfectly sweet, however all the other products I think are inferior to Goldilocks. In addition, the portion sizes here are more for like a family of 4 rather than Goldilocks which has bigger options. The bigger options are more ideal since these cakes and rolls are usually brought to Filipino parties. IMO even the ensaymada at Golidlocks is better because I prefer the texture of the pastry itself. Lastly Goldilocks puts together amazing children's cakes, I'm not to sure if Red Ribbon can compete with them there since they have significantly less displays. To add to all of this, better value at Golidlocks with better tasting cakes. If Goldilocks was in Seafood City they would probably do more business. Sorry Red Ribbon you're still the step child in my book.
I purchased a whole Sansrival cake, Mamon, and Brownies with Cashews. The brownies were mushy (like how I remembered it)...but the Sansrival? TO DIE FOR! Delicious!!! I want to go back!
The mango cake was excellent, not too sweet, which was greatly appreciated and the cake was very fine. The weird thing was that I had called about two hours beforehand to reserve a cake and asked them to write "Happy birthday" on it. When I got there to pick up my cake, they finally decided to write happy birthday. This was slightly annoying because what if I had been in a rush?
When it comes to Filipino food and baked goods, only one restaurant comes to mind..... Goldilocks!   To many people, Goldilocks is a storybook character that wanders into the houses of some bears....but to fans of filipino baked goods, only one bakeshop comes to mind. GOLDILOCKS!  Living out in Henderson, there are not very many choices for filipino food nor a place to pick up the essentials of pan de sal and ensaymada. But low and behold.... there is a Goldilocks bakery located just off the 215-Eastern!!   No longer does one that lives on this side of town have to trek down to Goldilocks on Maryland parkway! We have it all right here! And they even have a small selection of hot items such as pork adobo available throughout the day as well.
When I have time I try to treat myself to some Goldilocks before heading back to LA.  There's one in LA but it's not near where I live, so I try to get my halo-halo fix in Henderson.  Lots of traditional Filipino pastries, plus they do cakes for birthdays, weddings, and other special occassions.  Try the sweet banana chips, boat tarts, chicharon, fresh pastillas (milk and sugar candies), mamon (fluffy French sponge cake), cassava cake, and my favorite, flan.  Life is incomplete without Filipino treats and Goldilock's is a great place to try them.
I love the little Filipino woman with the bright smile on her face!  she's very welcoming and helpful when I come in here.  it's a small shop with all the yummy pastries and food goldilocks is known for.     there are only like 2 tables to eat at.. so it's not a full on restaurant, but they do sell lunch and dinner foods.
i USED TO  love Goldilocks.  But the quality of the service and foods have gone downhill.  I guess you can say the baked goods will always be good...esp if there is a recipe they have to follow in all establishment.    Mostly I was disappointed in this particular place on Eastern.  The one girl...she was ok but didn't really look like or seem like she knew what she was doing there.   The other lady seemed like you were bothering her and didn't know how to smile.   I wanted a small container of dinuguan.  Just small, by itself and nothing else.  In order to get a small container I would have to get a combo or buy a big container.  I did not want to get a combo or esp a giant serving of dinuguan.  She said that was the only way they sell it.  THAT WAS REALLY DUMB!  So...that's one business they just lost.    QUALITY.....it's all about quality.
I love the idea of Goldilocks.  A Filipino bakery in my neighborhood provides accessibility and instant satisfaction of sugar cravings with a Southeast Asian bend that bound to haunt me on late weeknights, when a drive to Chinatown is so undesirable.  I remember being overcome with immediate joy when my fiance told me about the place, scents of cassava cake, red bean buns, and coconut bread rolls stirring up sweet memories in my brain.    I venture to say that my imagination is overzealous when it comes to desserts, being that I consider a perfect world to contain cupcakes as their own perfect food group.  And with any imagination programmed to run overtime, a certain amount of disappointment in reality is not surprising.  This is the case with Goldilocks.  I've visited the bakery a couple of times, and gotten a variety of baked goods and breads.  To say that the raisin bread is light is a nice way of putting it, if lightness means no actual content and enjoyment of consumption.  The cassava cake is stale (which is puzzling since it's already refrigerated).  I was somewhat delighted to find that the mocha cake roll comes with a list of ingredients, only to discover half of these ingredients were artificial (a second puzzle of a neighborhood bakery that seems to be family-operated).  I probably will not go back to Goldilocks, due to a state of ambivalence.  I secretly hold hopes for the desserts, they may be very tasty.  But if I try them and they turn out like the others, I may have to give the bakery one star, which will undoubtedly make me quite sad.
I came here hoping to find something new and different. nope. They have the same items that the bakeries back at home have, the other Goldilocks locations t hat is. They have lots of roll cakes, ube items, etc. I think that the quality has gone down a bit, based on my experience here. But, things are still presented nicely, packaged in such a way that they are gift appropraite, etc. There are so few tables here, however, that they probably hope that you will take out only. There are some workers here that remind me of my friend's mothers, so polite, so friendly, so willing to help you. The red bean buns are a family favorite, along with the cassava cake. We picked up a few items here before visiting family. They were so happy to see the treats that we had brought them. Really, somehow, I was hoping to find something new. But, at the least, I'm glad that they still had a lot of the favorites that I enjoy at the locations back at home.
halo halo and ensaymada baby! salamat.
This goldilocks is more of a stop and shop kinda place. You get what you need and go. Of course when coming to goldilocks, you gotta get the special mamon & their ensaymada. The last time I came here I got their Fresh Lumpia which hit the spot, it was great! For dessert I didn't turn to the bakery I got Halo Halo which was phenomenal (cosmic power)! Their halo halo had ube ice cream, leche flan, pinipig, the whole nine yard! The staff is great too, very friendly, & very helpful. If you live closer to this one and is just looking for the baked good, this is the place to go.
Delicious Halo-halos! My friend (she's from PR) tried it for the first time and loved it. It's nowhere near the strip, but it's worth it to pick up some yummy snacks.  It was a bitch trying to get a cab back to our hotel, though.
The Best Authentic Filipino Food from Hawaii!
You gotta try it!!! SOO GOOD! Thelma's Special is to die for!  What to try: Thelma's Special Pork Adobo Fried rice with the fried egg on top Chicken Adobo Pancit Kare-Kare   MMMMm Good! I went there 2 days in a row...and loved it every time. The best Filipino food I've had in Vegas so far! I'm glad its in henderson!! Forget, trying to drive out to Spring Mountain or Maryland...after a day shopping at Galleria, just drive over. I think Thelma's will close down Aloha Kitchen on the other side! hahaha! JK!
food is great! try the shoyu chicken with the adobo fried rice. :D
I can't say I'm an expert when it comes to Filipino food, but this was really good!  I couldn't decide on what to get so I ordered the four item combo and was totally stuffed!  My four items:  Pancit noodles Chicken adobo Thelma's special Pork Gisantes  Do be advised they take visa/mc/discover but not Amex.
Pretty Solid Filipino Food....Came here on opening day and was not dissappointed...Never tried the Thelma's back home in Hawaii, but this is second best to my Mom's cooking(Nobody beats Mom's cooking, right?) tried the Adobo fried rice, thelma's special, pancit, guisantes, diniguan, pumpkin guisado, and Halo-Halo for dessert... We even got free drinks and a Thelma's T-Shirt...Pretty Cool!
(WARNING: Filipino food can have a strong mixture of sour, vinegary, salty goodness banging up against sweet, crunchy, meaty climaxes of flavor.  If these types of taste are too sexy for your tongue, you may want to eat elsewhere.  Consider yourselves warned.  I'd better not see anyone putting up some negative reviews because they were not prepared.)  Even though I may not look it, I'm half Filipino and grew up with this food.  That being said, I will most likely show a lot of favoritism towards this place.  Its flavors take me back to my childhood and playing with my cousins.  Thelma's is located near the Sunset hotel in the same building as Aloha kitchen.  (Aloha kitchen is known for having the worst teri chicken I have ever had, but great kalbi)  To Find Thema's you need to drive around to the back side of that building.    The inside is simple with a theme leaning towards the tropical and the Filipino channel on the TV set.  The menu may not be the largest, but what they make I love.  Today I went with one of my favorites and something new.  I had the combo with my fav, dinuguan (aka dinardaraan for my Ilocano bothers), and Thelma's special.    Dinuguan is a vinegary tasting pork blood meat.  Being cooked with blood, it comes out looking like stew size chunks of pork in black sauce.   It is rich with flavor and has a lovely grit to it from the blood.  Thema's take on it was true to mom's cooking back home.  However, the sauce was a bit thinner than I like and they seem to have taken out all the fatty bits for the general public's sake.  My mom didn't discriminate, fatty or lean, it went in the pot.  Over all, it was great.  Not as good as moms, but pretty close.  Now Thelma's special is a bit miss leading.  The description says it's lichon kawali cut up and mixed with chopped onions, tomatoes, and soy sauce.  A more accurate description would have been chicharon with chopped onions, tomatoes, and bagoong.  Cause that's what it tasted like and it tasted wonderful.  It made me wish that I got more of it.  For those of you that don't know, lichon Kawali is a whole roasted pig, all crispy and wonderful on the outside.  This dish was salty, oniony, sweet, meaty, and crunchy.  Heavenly.  My mom made the same thing for me when I was younger and this was just as good.  Sorry mom, I must be honest.  The one thing that was a bit difficult was the server that day.  We were having some communication problems, but my order came out right and it came out extremely quick.  That's what matters.  So if you're in the area, bypass Aloha Kitchen and head on over to Thelma's for some good eats.  Did I mention the price was good too?  Because it is!
I went to check this place out after work on Saturday for dinner.  They have quite a selection of Filipino entrees but, to my surprise, they have a few Hawaiian dishes as well.  Plus, their combo plates were a mix of both Filipino and Hawaiian styles which is appealing to me on many levels.  The thing I liked about Thelma's is that I can get breakfast at any time of the day!  They have about 4 or 5 breakfast entrees ready to go whenever the mood strikes.  I am a huge fan of the breakfast-all-day concept and I ultimately ended up going with one of their omelettes.  The omelet itself was pretty standard except that the omelet came with rice instead of hash browns!  It was a nice throwback to my younger days in Hawaii.  They also use Aloha Shoyu (I was surprised that the waitress offered "Shoyu" NOT "Soy Sauce" :) ) here and anywhere that serves Aloha Shoyu is alright in my book.  Good restaurant but not a lot of vegetarian dishes but I didn't expect anything like that here because I'm pretty positive that there are not a lot of  vegetarian Hawaiians (like myself) or even vegetarian Filipinos out there.  But, I'm sure I will see Thelma's again.. In the meanwhile I hope they get more seafood or veggie dishes to cater to my "habit".
Tagalog's can now feel the wraith of Ilocanos good Filipino food haha. Thelma special is always the recommended, it's better served as a la carte because the combo serving isn't great. Mongo beans and gisantes is awesome. My wife loves the bindongo and idago.
I remember going to Thelma's in Waipahu. My aunty loved them and we would always be there at least 2-3x months. She called to tell me that they were opening up in LV. Lately we've been going to Elena's but it is pretty far from us, and because of the Yelper's, now I don't have to drive that far.  Thelma's serves Illocano food and it is very familiar  and almost as good as Grandma's cooking. You read that right...ALMOSTas good as. LOL They have a good menu and offer either dishes or  combination plates. We ordered: Pinakbet, Pancit, Chicken adobo, and a Halo halo. They were all good especially the pinakbet- its been awhile since i had pinakbet.  The restaurant was very spacious and clean. You can't see the restaurant from Sunset Rd. or Marks St. But they are in same complex as Aloha Kitchen & Vitamin World across from Best Buy.  The service was also very good and the food came out quick. My little pinoy princess also got a free treat. Salamat!  I will definitely be going back very soon. Can't wait to try their breakfast menu.  Aloha!!
I never knew of a Thelma's in Waipahu, but apparently it's popular enough to open up a store here in the 9th island.   I went 2 days ago to try it out and I am so glad I did!  Went there for the lunch special. $6.50 for your choice of entree, that comes with rice, mac salad, a drink, and fruit salad for dessert! WOW. I was already impressed when I saw that near the register. I opted for the PInakbet, and my boyfriend got the Thelma's Special. They had ran out of mac salad that day, but the friendly lady at the register offered to give us some mixed pancit in place of it. I was cool with that! So we pay and take our seats, and dabble in the ridiculous game shows that seem to be endlessly playing on Filipino channels... well that and then a drama shortly after!   We get our lunch plates, and they are decently sized! For 6.50 including a drink, I honestly think it's a steal!   I had a taste of my boyfriends Thelma's special and had to restrain my fork from ravaging his plate again! IT IS SO GOOD. I don't know about you guys, but that's the closest "Lechon Kawali" that I can get here in Vegas, and ALMOST identical to the dish I remember at my family parties in Hawaii! YUM  My pinakbet was... average, to say the least. The tastes were okay, I was expecting a very soupy dish, with A LOT of soft vegetables, but it was just okay. The eggplant in it had too tough/thick of a skin, and I just think it needed to be cooked a bit longer.  It's okay, we both finished our plates, down to the last rice grain! Then, our waitress came out with our fruit salad! Yay! Although it was a bit sweet for my taste buds, I am glad that it comes with some sort of dessert!  All in all, I would come back to this place to sample their other popular items! Service was great, and the restaurant was clean and inviting. Recommended for a fast, affordable meal.
One of the things I miss most from back home (Hawaii) is the food. So, when I heard Thelma's was in Vegas, I was like "Thelma's? Like Thelma's special? Like from home?"  I mean, it's like having Zippy's come to Vegas....it's comfort food. Food that reminds you of when you were young or for me reminds me of a past life.  I was so curious to see if the food was the same that I went to eat alone. Now..if you know me, I'm a people person and I must've wanted it bad to eat alone.  And it did not disappoint. After driving around the same Henderson cross street for 20 minutes, I was about to give up when I saw it's sign in the corner of my eye....it was calling my name, I swear to you.  Ordered the Thelma's special and squid guisado. *siiiigh* JUST-LIKE-HOME =)  I love it and whenever my mom needs a fix of filipino food (other than hers, of course), I take her to Thelma's. Mother-daughter bonding, you can call it.
Okay so I have been to the location in Hawaii and was happy to know that on my visits here in Vegas I can now satisfy my tastebuds again with more of "Thelmas Special"(crunchy luau style pork in thelmas sauce). This place has something for everyone. It combines a great value on their entrees and even better is served up by some of the friendliest staff who really make you feel welcome! Give em' a try!!!
When my boyfriend and I arrived to this cute little bistro, there were only 1 or 2 tables occupied. The walls of the interior are painted a light green color that I enjoyed. There are gold statuettes along the walls, as well as many large windows that fill the space with natural light. On most, if not all, of the tables are little vases with orchids. It was a pleasant dining area even with the TV playing in the background. It can be hard to spot if you don't pull into the parking area behind Aloha kitchen.   The menu is displayed on the wall along with several photos of their specialties. J quickly decided on the lechon kawali, a large portion of crispy skinned pork with juicy, fatty meat on the inside. It came with a vinegary dipping sauce that complimented the richness of the meat and several slices of raw sweet onion. It was REALLY crisp, crackled when you bite into kind of crisp. I found it made my jaw muscles tired after eating 3-4 pieces- but probably not a bad thing since all that chewing might help work off some of that delicious pork fat. I ordered the adobo, which was a large bowl full of super tender, soy and vinegar-spiced pork chunks. The cuts of pork reminded me of some of the better carnitas I've had, with enough gristle and unrendered fat left to give it an unctuous mouth feel. The flavorful sauce was great to pour over the perfectly cooked sticky rice and more of it would've disappeared easily. It seemed like a dish that had been cooking low and slow for quite some time, a signature of many comforting dishes. I would have liked some vegetables with it to break up all the meatiness, but it was a delicious dish. The texture of the rice was great with the pork. We also got an order of the Shanghai lumpia, which would have all vanished if I hadn't caught J before he got to them all! Crisp, narrow cigar-shaped little pockets of deep-fried meaty goodness served with a sweet and sour chili sauce, it's easy to see why.   We also had an Ilikoi passion drink and Kona coffee. The coffee was lovely but was served with packets of non-dairy creamer, which saddens me a little. It's really a small detail, but when having such a nice variety of coffee I want to enjoy it fully and without high fructose/hydrogenated processed things. Not a huge deal because it still tasted great, but something I find worth pointing out. I was really excited that they offered kona coffee! The passion fruit drink was also tasty, though J drank most of it. The water tasted like tap water, so we barely sipped any.  Overall, the food here was great. If you're a fan of the Hawaiian Sun drinks I imagine you'll be happy. It's a nice change of pace from the usual strip mall fare and I'd rather go here than to another McChipotle or Pei Wei. Not my usual neighborhood hang out, but I can see going back sooner rather than later!
Had the mix plate with thelmas special ( roast pork with chopped tomatos and onion with a soy sauce) it was alright , needed some punch vinager or some kind of acid. Pork giusantes; stewed pork with peas and pimentos and tomato very tender and flavorful my favorite of the three, also had the pancit very thin rice noodles , good flavor.  Overall it was good  , nice  portions and flavorful if in the area would not hesitate to stop by , but would not make a special trip like I did this time . Service was friendly and prompt
This is the closest I've ever gotten to real authentic Filipino food.  Growing up in Hawaii, has given me the big Filipino/Hawaiian/Japanese impact.  Our culture is a mix plate of cultures, and this place executes the flavors of both Hawaii and Philippines so well.    The atmosphere of this restaurant is soooo welcoming, it gives me a sense of "HOMEY" feeling.  I was surprised with the cleanliness of the restaurant, I was expecting the same "ELENA'S" surrounding.    I ordered the mix plate which consisted of: - Pancit Mix - Almost close to my mother's home cooking.  A mixture of flavor, I personally thought it was Pancit heaven.   - Pinakbet - I've been having cravings of my mother's pinakbet ever since I left home.  While this was somewhat close, the vegetables my mother usually added weren't there.  It was good regardless, and the flavor of the patis sauce was there to.  I loved how it was the "ILOKANO" way of making pinakbet, as opposed to the Tagalog way of adding shrimp paste.   - Thelma's special - Wow I've been looking everywhere for this.  It's basically Lechon kawali soaked in soy sauce, onions, and tomatoes.  Mines was a little on the "oniony" side, but it was definitely delicious.  My dad usually makes this dish using the head of the pig and BBQing it, then chopping it into pieces while adding cow brains, oninos, tomatoes, vinegar, and soy sauce.    I would definitely say, this is by far one of the BEST FILIPINO foods I've had in Vegas.  Getting the Thelma's Special is a must!
Stopped by on Saturday after Thanksgiving, we had been to see the Roger Waters show of "The Wall" and were hungry.  We met Lor, one of the daughters of Thelma, and a more gracious host you could not ask for.  We all ordered our favs from the Menu and Lor and company suggested some things and we took their advice.  All was so yummy.  Sunday was time to head back to the Bay Area and we decided to stop at Thelma's again because we were so happy with our choices the day before.  We also decided not to order the same items again even though we were happy with them.  This time Lor was at the order desk and this time we ordered more items off of the item, so here is what we ordered and loved.  Dinuguan (Angelo says this is so yummy, me I cannot get passed Chocolate Meat), Pork Adobo ( I say this is the best ever, and could only get better if they added a hard boiled Quail egg), Pancit Bihon so good I had to steal some.  Lumpia Shanghai was fried just right!  Not too greasy, not underdone, I loved it but more importantly my 8YO Niece loved them more, so much that she ate most of them with out asking if it would be ok, once she did, there were no more left.  I had to order two more orders.  All of the *-silog dishes were so dang good, I even had them make a Spam-Si-Log  as I am a big fan of the canned meat.  Crispy Spam, with garlic rice, tomatoes, and I am a happy man.  But I have said that before.  Add to this that they carry Manny Pacquiao articles and have become a new distributors of MP stuff means that if you wanna get your Pinoy on, near Vegas, this is the place to do it!  I love this place and give it 6 stars, 6 hearts, 6 whatevers, this is the place!  Aloha,  Dave  Oh, and the Halo Halo is so yummy!
Found this by accident thru Yelp! Was looking for Filipino food in Henderson and by chance found Thelma's. Location isn't the best, it's had to see from the street.  I've tried the Pork giusantes, pancit (good), Thelma's Special (thumbs down), chicken adobo fried rice (delicious!), adobo chicken and pork (both awesome!) I usually get the 2 item mix plate with 2 scoops of rice.    I do not like the Thelma's Special, it's fatty pork with crispy pork skin and sauce. Not a big fan of the fatty pork, but the sauce is awesome. If the pork were leaner, I would love the dish. The adobo pork and chicken are both great, very tender and tasty!    I have not eaten in the restaurant yet, but the take out service is great, fast, and friendly!
Had dinner here on a Thursday night. We ordered a couple of combo dishes of shoyu chicken, chicken adobo, stewed beef and pancit mix. Although we weren't fans of their particular mix of pancit, the shoyu chicken and chicken adobo were delicious!  A tasty good deal!
Thelmas is a very good Filipino restaurant. I ordered the 3 item mix plate with chicken adobo, pancit noodles, and pork adobo. Everything tasted flavorful with lots of soft tender pieces of meat. The service was very good!
I LOVE Thelma's! The food is absolutely amazing and the customer service is great! I'm not a big fan of filipino restaurants...the portions tend to be small and the quality of service is not that great...but Thelma's has been the best filipino restaurant I've ever been to. It's simple and casual, but high quality. The food is delicious, and the people are nice and friendly. I've been to the location in Hawaii, and both of them are good, but the service here is better!   The restaurant is deceptively not easy to find, even though it's practically across the street from the Station Casino. It's basically in the back of the shopping plaza, so you don't really see it when you're driving down the street. It has a nice and simple decor on the inside, with a tropical hawaiian-filino theme going on throughout the restaurant. When you enter, you wait in line and place your order and pay, and then they cook the food fresh and bring the food to your table. The menu is posted above the counter, kind of like Jollibees, except the food listed on it is way better. ;) One thing about it is that some of the dishes lack a full description, and because I'm not filipino, I don't know what a lot of it is. However, the friendly staff at the counter is more than happy to help you order. One time I was even offered a sample of the pork guisantes because i wasn't sure if i wanted to order it. It ended up being my most favorite dish at Thelma's!  My favorite dishes are the pork guisantes, which is pork and peas cooked in a tasty seasoned tomato sauce; mongo beans (the BEST mongo i've ever had), which is mung beans cooked with lechon in a rich, but light and flavorful sauce; and of course Thelma's special, which is chunks of lechon (roasted pig) with fresh diced tomatoes and onions in a soy and vinegar sauce.  Everything else I've had there is also quite tasty. That includes the shoyu chicken (chicken braised in soy sauce), kare kare (oxtail with veggies in a peanut sauce), adobo (pork or chicken braised in vinegar and soy sauce), pinakbet (mixed vegetables like onions, green beans and bitter melon), and fried rice. ALL OF IT=DELICIOUS!  Great food, good portions, reasonable prices, and excellent customer service makes Thelma's a great filipino restaurant. I believe this is a pretty new location, so definitely check it out!!
Took my mom out for a shopping trip and since we were near Thelma's, I figured my mom would love it.  AND SHE DID!  She, literally, wanted to order the whole left side of the menu. She had 4 item mix plate AND we still ordered food (oxtail, chicken long rice, fried fish) for home.   My mom said: "You have to take me here every week!"  Oh gawd, what have I created.   Another great thing about this restaurant is the service. They are so friendly and helpful and funny. Like they're family =)   And FYI - if you're mail is late, the mail ppl are prolly having lunch at Thelma's cuz, I SWEAR, I saw like 5 postal service trucks parked outside.
This isn't your "Nanay's Restaurant," that's for sure.  It's more like, your cool "Ate's Resto!"  We tried out Thelma's for lunch during our last venture into Vegas and Thelma's is like no other Filipino restaurant I've been to.  It's huge, it's clean, it's organized, it doesn't smell, it's not sticky and damn the food is good!  The one thing that irks me about your typical Filipino restaurant is that the food is sitting in a buffet of chaffing dishes behind a window where you have to point and ask, "What's that?"   Thelma's offers up a menu that is straight forward; pick an item or two, or three, with rice.    I had the Thelma's Special, which is kind of like, Sisig that married Tokwa't Baboy, which tasted okay, not sure I'd order it again.  I also had their Dinuguaan which was pretty damn tasty, gotta love my chocolate meat.  For my third item, I had the Chicken Adobo, which was pretty good, a little sweet, but good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gWeYW0E5Tfmmj_9fugfLNw?select=Npu-vw7X5rs60Cvq9YhykA  Not sure if the lady helping us was Thelma herself but regardless, the lady was super sweet and always was smiling, which is quite refreshing rather than dealing with a grouchy Nanay who gives you a dirty look because you're speaking to her in English and not Tagalog.  But of course, what's a Filipino restaurant without TFC blaring on the TV?  What's sad is that we enjoyed our food while laughing at the corny and shamefully funny antics of this game show we were watching that when we got home, I just had to order TFC, damn you Thelma! :)  Definitely hit up Thelma's if you're in this part of town, or on your way to/from Sunset Station, no finger pointing here. ;)
The spouse is a Filipina, and she tends to be quite critical of Filipino restaurants serving stale or old food.  I have to admit, I have come around to her view on this matter.  Many Filipino restaurants have the food pre-cooked and out for the diner to see and select.  Thelma's food is fresh.  It's served hot and delicious.    So far, we've ate breakfast and dinner at this restaurant.  The breakfast was a large serving of fried rice with spam, bacon, and sausage mixed in.  It also had an egg, cooked to order.  The cost of the breakfast was about $5.00.  They also made fresh Kona coffee for $1.50, with delicious creamers and sweetners.    For dinner, we had Sinigang Pamapo and Thelma's Special.  Thelma's Special was crispy pata with onions and tomatos over the top.  It was delicious.  The chunks of pork were crunchy on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside.  The Sinigang Pampano is a sort of sour tasting soup with vegies and a good sized Pampano cut in three pieces.  I left the sour soup to the wife, and focused on the Pampano...quite fresh and delicious.  The meal came with lots of steamed rice.  I don't think either dish cost more than $9.00.   The banana lumpia was okay, but not exactly my thing when it comes to desert.    The service is attentive.  The value is there.  The place is clean.  You also get to view The Philippino Channel on a Plasma TV.  Make the drive to Henderson, everything here is much better than Goldilocks.
This place was a pleasant find. There aren't many non 'turo-turo' Filipino restaurants here in Vegas.   I'm sad that this place is so far from my house - because I would love to eat here more often. The service was great. Everyone was friendly, and attentive to our needs. The place is pretty new as well - so everything is nice and clean.   Food was pretty good - but they didn't have as big of a selection as I would hope they had. I ended up having the mix plate - consisting of Thelma's Special and Chicken Adobo. I loved Thelma's Special, but it came with a bit too many onions for me - it heavily outweigh the amount of tomatoes I received. Other than that, it was good. Sauce was good and so was the lechon kawali. The chicken in the adobo was very tender - but overall the dish was a bit too salty for my liking.   Someone else ended up ordering the Tocino... I didn't try it - but it definitely wasn't the type of Tocino I'm used to eating. But, it still looked good.   Overall - if I were in the area, I would go back to eat there. Prices were decent, and I'm always down to eat more Filipino food. But, it's not something that I would drive to that side of town for.
This is so strange. I lived right next to Thelma's in Waipahu and now here I live in Henderson and guess what I live right next to Thelma's. Dude whats going on? Same bomb Thelma's Special, Adobo fried rice, Gisantes, all the favorites, the only thing missing is the little buffet that the OG restaurant puts out. The exchancge is a neat, huge dinning area with flat screen on the Filipino channel. Now i'm not filipino but my wife is so I can appreciate this kind of stuff. I always include a star for places that have orange fanta on their soda taps. Free refils of course. The food for those of you who don't know is the closest thing you'll find to a filipino home cooked meal ever in vegas. Excellent execution of traditonal filipino dishes. I may just be saying this cause I grew up on these exact take out plates and to be reunited again with my childhood comfort food is just a little too much. Tear. Clean and wide open dinning area, warm friendly staff gives this place six stars no seven....
I had to try this place since I am Filipino and am always looking for great place to remind me of mom's and family home cooking!!  Lunch Orders:  3 item combination: Gisantes(Filipino Marinated Pork and Peas), Thelma's Special (Pan Fried Pork with onions, tomatoes and soy/vinegar sauce) and Pork Adobo with white rice. Gisantes was Addicting, Thelmas Special was Especially Delicious and Pork Adobo Much Better than most Adobo I've had!!  Lechon Kawali: Pan roasted pork dish with a brown dipping sauce. Came Neatly sliced, Crispy Skin, Succulent tasting meat and Not too oily! Dipping sauce was the Best I've had and was a Must with every bite!!  Sinigang Soup and Veggies Only: Filipino Sour Soup/Stew was a nice to sip on between bites of meat and rice. However, I've never tried a Sinigang with a mild sourness and I believe under seasoned soup.. Although, it wasn't my type (I've had Many versions of Sinigang, I like more sourness)  it was still heart warming and the chunks of tomaotes and green beans felt healthy compared to everything else I was having!  Damn Close and Comparable to My Mother's and Family members Cooking!!! Reasonable Value, Corteous and Polite Staff and Clean dining space makes me a Fan For Sure!!!
Yummy!!
My son and I have different opinions about this place.  he thought it was outstanding I thought, so-so.  they need to be more descriptive on their things, for us people who like to try new things but, aren't filipino.   I had Thelma's special.  a little to fatty for my taste, my son had pork adobo he loved it.  it looked to scary for my taste,.  The macaroni salad was so thick I wished I had gotten 2 scoops of rice.  again my son liked it. so I'm giving it an A-ok I would of said 2 stars but, he pushed for three.
I would give this place 5 stars except one time I was there my order was forgotten. I ordered a simple breakfast plate and got it 45mins later. people after me got their food way before me. other than that I love this place. the owners are very nice. they know me by name because I go there so often. I definitely recommend this place to all my Filipino friends who needs a good "home cooked" meal. adobo fried rice is my favorite :)
I've decided to try this place, finally, after recommendation from a fellow yelper to eat the Halo-Halo.  I went on a Wednesday evening, and was a bit disappointed that they didn't have my favorite dish, the binagoongan.  Gosh how hard it is to find that dish!  However, I thought the price of the menu items were quite fair.  We got the Lechon Kawaii, which was pretty crispy and yummy, w/ a big bowl of rice to accompany it.  We also ordered the mixed plate, which we chose the following four items (there is a list of items one may chose):  -Pork Adobo:  It was tasty, like any other places, just less sauce...I like my sauce too. -Pancit Mix:  I should have stick with my favorite Pancit...Pancit Palabok -Dinuguan: Pretty good.  Don't let the blackish/purplish color scared you...pretty delicious -Thelma Special:  This dish includes chunks of lechon mixed with diced tomatoes and onions.  Well, I learned quickly that I liked my lechon crisp and as is versus all the frills.    Then I was ready for my current favorite dessert..Halo Halo.  There was barely any ube icecream, and there was no rice crisp!  The rice crisp adds texture and I totally missed it.  I usually finish the whole halo-halo, no matter how full I am, but I only ate half and dumped the rest.  I was very very very disappointed. :(  The service was wonderful.  Our cashier/server was super friendly.  I probably will go back to try other items, but won't be ordering my halo-halo there (save myself from disappointment).
We almost didn't find this place and gave up, but I'm glad we didn't. I didn't know what Adobos were until this day and wow if I could I would eat it every day:) It was very very tasty and my mouth is watering thinking about it right now. If I'm in that area again, I will definitely try this place again.
1205 W Sunset Rd #180, Henderson, NV 89014 May 29, 2011 Sunday - lunch 2:00 PM 2 adults, teenager & kid  Atmosphere - 5 stars Food - 5 stars Service - 5 stars  Background - This is my first visit to a Filipino restaurant.  The restaurant's food has a influences with other Asian cultures; this is probably very common amongst them to share certain food items.  Atmosphere - A Strip mall restaurant hiding on the back without a direct view from the street.  The small sign in front allowed me to find the place.    Food Appetizer - Did not order any.  Main Course - I ordered the Lechon Kawali, I ordered this based on the picture at the front near the register.  The crunch was amazing.  I can not even describe the sauce but it was amazing.  The plate came with raw onion slices.  The three together were wonderful.  Afterwards I had to look up exactly what Lechon Kawali was, and found out it was the belly of the pig, which explained the crunch so well.  I also order Spam Wasubi, which I have had at a Hawaiian restaurant.  It was a daily special and not on the menu.  I could have order three of these and been very happy just eating that for lunch.   Dessert - Did not order any.  Service - It was fast food as you went to the counter, but they delivered the food to your table without asking for names or giving you table tent number.  The lady working was great, I had a hard time saying Kawali, and she made sure I learned it with ease.  I find that some of the fun going to a ethnic restaurant trying to learn their language. Somehow she knew another plate we wanted to order by just reading our facial expressions, amazing.  They have a pop machine that was self service.  While we waited for our food extra plates were brought to us so we all could share each other's foods, similar to a Chinese restaurant.
We were in the area the other day for a glass blowing class. My wife is Filipina and when we saw Thelma's we decided to give it a try.  While I have to admit that Filipino food is not my favorite, Thelma's did a nice job with it. I ordered the chicken adobo fried rice which was served with a fried egg on top. It was really good.  My wife ordered a combo plate with dinuguan and pinakbet. My wife liked hers as well. If we're on that side of town, I'd go to Thelma's again.
Just like home. Food here is awesome. Staff treats you like family. There is plenty of room. Menu is huge! Love it! (Try the Thelma Special!)
So I finally made it to Thelma's this weekend with my hubby. Glad I called for directions as it was in a hidden location on Marks/Sunset. I couldn't believe they had been opened since March 2010 as I never knew they were around (and I'm pretty good at knowing where the Filipino joints are...as there's not too many of them in Las Vegas, let alone Henderson)   As we got outta the parking lot, we were greeted by the Cashier as she happened to be outside. As we walked in we were happy to finally see a big dining room as most Filipino restaurants are much smaller. It was clean and quiet...but may have been due to the fact that there was only two tables occupied by two families. The staff offered to help my hubby (I'm guessing since he's Caucasian) choose a dish; however little do they know that he knows Filipino food and can even cook it. But it was a nice gesture to say the least. Now onto our meal:   Thelma's special: this was deep fried lechon kawali chopped up in small cubes served with tomatoes and onions on top. My issue with this is that it's served with a very bland sweet brown sauce. When we poured vinegar on it, it tasted much better and gave it that kick it needed. I only wish that we had some chopped jalapenos to add heat to it.   Beef Steak and onions: This dish is one of my hubby's faves; however he absolutely hated this dish as it had a sweet sauce base. The ones we've had in the past is usually cooked in garlic, soy sauce, and vinegar (similar to adobo) but this had a Hawaiian flare to it. We later found out that Thelma's is more of a Hawaiian/Filipino restaurant which originated in Hawaii.   Pork Adobo Fried Rice with scrambled egg on top: Now this was the best I've ever had! There were shredded pork mixed in and the rice was fried just right. I could have eaten this alone. My hubby and I wiped this plate clean.   Although my hubby will most likely not come back to this place, if I'm in the area, I will definitely go back for more Pork Adobo Fried rice.
Another Yelp success story!  Rented a car to go to the Hoover Dam and wanted to take advantage of the rare opportunity to eat off the strip and that's when Thelma's came up in search.  The pick 2 combo was a fantastic deal. I got the adobo chicken which was just heavenly - very tender and flavorful. I also took some yelp advice and ordered the Thelma's special which was small pieces of crispy pork skin with a with tomato and onion sauce that worked surprisingly well.  Overall very impressed with the food, friendly counter service, clean/spacious restaurant, and outdoor seating.
only did a quick glance at the menu when i came in and ordered the Thelma's special, lechon kawali, pieces of crispy pork skin and fatty tender pork meat with tomato, onion and soy sauce. definitely filled me after doing the brew tour at Joseph James Brewing Company.  There aren't a lot of Filipino restaurants in the area so I like what Thelma's is offering, excellent selection of Filipino food, clean and lots of space. If you haven't had a lot of Filipino food you can either buy one of everything or just get the choice of four mixed plate so you can try at least 4 dishes. i haven't tried the ones here yet but try sinigang soup, pinakbet, lechon, beef or chicken adobo, lumpia, and the since it hot right now halo halo. all the pictures from the other yelpers also help.  saw some delicious looking pictures of omelet and fried rice dishes so i'll be back.
Finally had lechon...for a southern girl this is one of those must try dishes that I just learned about fairly recently...and have been trying to figure out when and where to have it...   Don't get me wrong with 3 star review...the place was super clean, large, pretty empty when we arrived and everything felt made to order, which was surprising since it's counter service.    For all you wondering what I mean and if this is worthy of your attention...we are talking pork belly, simply seasoned, cooked somehow so that the skin is uber crispy think shingle and the meat/fat is tender and simply porky...it comes with slivered and soaked whit onion and a sticky sweet dipping sauce that was oddly addictive yet unidentifiable to both my husband and me.    I have a strange love for Hawaiian Mac salad...don't ask me why because I find most, including pseudo Italian pasta salads revulsive...this was just ok.    The "mini" chicken adobo fried rice we ordered was actually pork... No complaints tho because it was tasty but what my husband and I both craved with these fat heavy dishes was acidity...crisp, clean, palate cleansing flavors that would lighten each dish and make it sing...   Lime, lemon?  Not sure...  But this is definitely a cuisine/culture worthy of exploration...its rich history due to the influences imposed upon its people and the large number of Filipinos here in LV, give us a unique opportunity for exploration and experimentation.
My bf's half Filipino and I never liked Filipino food . Everything his mom made was either gross or looked as if it's been sitting out for days . Same goes for all the Filipino restaurants I've been to . UNTIL I've been to Thelma's !   Had their chicken adobo fried rice ( love the shredded chicken and egg on top ) , and Thelma's special ( crunchy and good, but not the best fried pork I've had ). Service was wonderful and the restaurant was very clean and big . Definitely look forward to trying everything else on Thelma's menu the next time we crave GOOD Filipino food . Thelma's is the best Filipino I've tasted so far  !
Thier food is amazing. I have been to this place twice and so far I have tasted Thelma's special, squid, pancit, ltapsilog, umpia, turon snd longanisa musubi. Everythig tasted good and fresh.
Not bad....I've just had better....
I loved how friendly the girl behind the counter was! I didn't know anything on the menu and she was a great help! The place was very clean and a decent set up all around. However the food didn't blow me away... as a matter of fact... I barely liked it. However, being a chef myself, I must say the food was all cooked very well and I can definitely see it being someone's taste, just not mine. I will go back to try other items on the menu. Hold for the update...
Growing up with Filipino friends I have been surrounded with their food and I love it! :) So I was excited  when Thelmas opened close to home. The mix plate w. Chicken adobo, dunuguan (spl?) and a side or sinigang was delish!   The reason for the 4 stars instead of 5...the sinigang is very, very salty and not as flavorful as others I've tasted.
Naturally I'm picky about Filipino restaurants because I'll always compare it to my mom-in-law or grandma's cooking. I have been to Thelma's twice and I was a happy customer both times.  On my first visit, I was ordered Kare Kare (oxtail with veggies in a peanut sauce) and Thelma's special. I always order Kare Kare at every Filipino restaurant I go to because it's my favorite. I found it to be good but not the best I've had and with not enough meat (mind you, I said I was picky). Whenever I see a menu item labeled "special" I expect to be blown away. I thought Thelma's Special to be okay... I found the onions and tomatoes to be a little overpowering. Overall, I was pleased with the food and especially the service.  The next time I stopped by, I had a hankering for Crispy Pata (fried pork leg). To my dismay, that wasn't on the menu. I settled for the Lechon Kawali instead and Dinuguan (pork blood stew). At first glance, it looked like the servings were small but my husband and I were quite full and had enough leftovers for the next day. What really made me love Thelma's was the quality of the food. The Lechon Kawali had just enough crisp in the skin and was so flavorful. I had never had Dinuguan with so little fat. Usually other Filipino restaurants mix a lot of fat with the meat to be most cost efficient.   The restaurant itself is very clean and well kept. The service is warm and friendly. The prices are reasonable.  I only wish they had more items on their menu. Otherwise, Thelma's is a restaurant that I would go to again and again!
I have only ordered the Shanghai Lumpia here. But the service was really great and the people are sweet. They packed it up well for easy carrying and traveling along with a goo amount o the sweet and spicy sauce, and vinegar sauce as well. The Lumpia is not the best I've had... Come on, if you are Filipino you know at least one of your auntie's makes it way better. But this is one of the best Lumpia I've had at a restaurant, admittedly I've only had from maybe 5 or so other restaurants
i want to say it was hard to find but maybe i was a little off lol but anyway the adobo was simply amazing....i would definitely go back if i was on that side of town....!!
Just like home without the buffet. Great service. Home away from home!
I grew up eating at Thelma's with my family and after moving to the mainland the one thing I missed, aside from local Hawaiian food, was good Filipino food. On a recent trip to Vegas, I remembered the Thelma's that opened last year so naturally the Filipino in me really wanted to stop by. The Thelma's special is A MUST. We ordered that, shrimp sinigang and pork adobo fried rice. All of which tasted soooo good! Can't wait to go back to see if their kare kare tastes just as good!
My recommendation: Chicken Adobo Fried Rice  Hands down, best thing about this place is the Chicken Adobo.   They are very generous with their portions. The "mini" is enough to feed 3 or 4 people.   The customer service at the counter is great. Everyone is so friendly and always smiling. They don't bother you once they bring your food to the table. They let you just relax and enjoy your meal.   I love this place! That adobo has me coming back weekly.
Since this is the best Filipino food I've had in the Las Vegas area I'll have to give this place a high end 4-star.  Plus, their sister restaurant is Julie'z at Kapolei, HI.  Their lechon kawali isn't like Julie'z though...just as good, but different.  This restaurant is right near the Sunset Station Casino.  Sometimes it's nice to get away from all the buffets and glitzy restaurants of The Strip so when those times come we like to go here.  Comfort food that reminds me of home.  The food here is as good as it gets for Filipino cuisine.  The best deal in the house has to be their 4 item mix combo though.  You get a wide selection and the portions are decent for the price you pay (around $9).  I especially like the way they cook their dinuguan, pancit, and the broth for the oxtail soup.  The food here is delicious, the customer service is friendly, and the restaurant is roomy.  Great place for something different.
Stopped by here because we saw a yelp check in deal. We ordered the Lechon Kawali to share. Seeing that it was around $10 we figured it would be big enough for the both of us. Wrong! Our order came out and it was 4-5 pieces and a scoop of rice. The lechon was cold and hard. Maybe I'm just used to Cali filipino food because everyone rates this place highly or maybe I just came on a bad day. but I'm not coming back.
Wow. This has instantly become my favorite Filipino restaurant. I first heard about this place a while ago from my coworker. I wish it didn't take me so long to finally go.  Since I'm not in the area much, I figured I'd try as many things as possible. I went with a four-item combo consisting of Mongo, Pinapaitan, Thelma's Special, and Pork Adobo. Of course, I added a small bowl of Sinigang for $1.  The Mongo intrigued me because it's Ilocano style, which I've never tried before. It's less soupy than the Mongo I'm used to. In addition, it's white as opposed to green. But more importantly, it was delicious.  Pinapaitan isn't something that would normally interest me. I don't like bitter dishes and the name screams bitter. Thankfully, the lady told me their version is more mainstream. And I do love tripe. The end result is very good, but I can still taste the bitterness obviously.  Thelma's Special is basically lechon with onions and tomatoes. It's pretty hard to screw this up and they certainly don't. Delicious.  As for the Adobo, this was the one thing I ordered that is probably the most ordinary. The large chunks of pork didn't really look like they would be tender, but they indeed were, surprisingly.  Make sure you check in before you order so that you get your 10% off. I actually forgot, but then when I mentioned it to the lady, she was totally willing to redo my ticket and give me the 10% off. I saved a whole 95 cents! It pays to pay with cash sometimes.
Okay I am Filipino and I don't really eat Filipino food. The only place I eat Filipino food is either when my mom makes the Americanized version at home or at Thelma's in Waipahu. Even that is rare. I'd say the only time I eat Filipino food is during the holidays.  How ironic. Thelma's is in Vegas and I LOVE their Thelma's Special. It is so tasty and artery clogging but totally worth it. We went there to order a snack of fried rice for my nephew and dad and to put in our order for catering on Christmas Eve. Like I said their Thelma's Special is awesome! Other dishes we ordered were the pumpkin with pork, pork guisantes, and adobo fried rice. Everything was so good. My other favorite aside from the crispy pork is the adobo fried rice. Mmm!   Their prices are pretty reasonable too. The girls that work in the restaurant are super friendly and helpful. After leaving that restaurant all that was playing through my head was that "Filipino Foods" song.
This was my third and last trip to Thelma's. I waited about 40 minutes for an order of garlic fried rice and banana lumpia. This was due to what appeared to me to be a lack of organization in the kitchen - where the cooks were cooking orders one at a time instead of trying to stack them or figure out how they might efficiently cook the orders. Not worth it. Never again.
After looking around the Galleria Mall, I stopped by Thelma's Filipino Restaurant to get a hearty meal.. and a hearty delicious meal is what I received. Location is right across the street from the mall itself and nearby Sunset Station casino. I missed my friend's Father cooking homemade Chicken Adobo and Pork Gisantes.. oh the aroma that filled the room as he cooked these dishes. I woke up to this every time I slept over at her place. One of many reasons why I loved spending a night there :P So sometimes I have cravings for something sour, sweet, and tangy all in one visit. This place is just what I needed.   I loved the dining area... so spacious and clean. The light green colored walls and wooden chairs gave this place such an cool, soft ambiance... I couldn't help but think I was in Hawaii or somewhere tropical. I enjoyed sitting by the window and having the sun rest on my face. Nice to look out and enjoy a beautiful day!!!  I ordered a mixed plate of the choice of two.... I chose the one scoop of rice and mac salad with two entrees of the Pork Gisantes and Chicken Adobo. When the plate arrived, it had a wonderful fragrant, color, and looked so tasty!!! It was one huge chicken piece for the Chicken Adobo and the meat was so tender that you wouldn't even need a knife to cut it. All I had to do was peel the meat off with my fork. Juicy and a burst of flavor... it had a small acidic bite, but the sauce was so delicious with rice. The Pork Gisantes had chunks of meat, green peas and green bell peppers. The meat had a few chunks of fat too, but it contributes to the flavor of the dish, so I didn't mind at all. The sauces from both dishes were wonderful to taste...  It was a combination of sweetness and sour. I asked for the condiments and added some vinegar/garlic sauce to the Pork Gisantes, because I like to go a little extreme on the sour side. Maybe too much..  where you coat your whole tongue full of vinegar!!! I love it!   After I finished everything... I always loved the Filipino dessert... Halo Halo! So I ordered their Halo Halo Special that came with Macapuno Ube(Young Coconut Purple Yam) ice cream! YUM. They serve it to you in a glass bowl with two scoops of ice cream and a piece of leche flan on top of crushed ice. Underneath the ice is where all the goodies are placed. Sugar palm fruit, jackfruit, nata de coco (chewy, jelly-like), and sweet beans are all mixed together to enjoy. It's topped off with some toasted crushed young rice and it's a wonderful treat to have after a tangy, hearty meal. And also you can sip it like a drink when you ate everything and all the ice has melted. So delicious and revitalizing to the senses!!!   Service was very friendly and helpful. Although I don't eat much Filipino cuisine, I do love it every time I come here. Brings back good old memories and flavors I missed during my childhood. Their chicken adobo was very close in how my friend's father used to make it. Tantalizing aromas and flavorful dishes awaits for you at Thelma's Filipino Restaurant.
The food was fine and the staff was friendly.  I got a pork and pumpkin dish and it was really juicy, tender pork with slightly crunchy pumpkin slices.    The lumpia were pretty small... about the diameter and length of my finger.
This place is very clean and has a friendly staff. Our favorite was the sisig. Too bad they took it off the menu. Their sinigang and lechon kawali are delicious.
They were open when we got there and the sign says open.  we were craving for filipno food but never was serviced because they were preparing to close.  I guess they're customer service is not a priority.  We were dissapointed after the long drive.  they could have accommodated us somehow.  So didn't get to taste their food.
Being new to las vegas area i found this hidden gem across from the sunset station casino. ordered the oxtail soup which was very good, tender, had lots of flavor. Their lechon kawali was cooked  to perfection :-) crunchy goodness. I love how their a cook to order restaurant. everything was fresh. will be back again. i ordered to go but the staff was very helpful and friendly.
So I've lived by this place since it opened. I never went. When my mom arrived here in November, my brother took her here for lunch and brought back leftovers. She brought back adobo and oxtail soup. I ate the leftovers and thought it was pretty good.   Then, a few Sundays later, I met up with them there and we ate lumpia shanghai, the Thelma's special, adobo, pancit mix, oxtail soup and shoyu chicken. For desert we had banana lumpia and ice cream in a bowl.   Then a week later, I told Chris about it and he said, "Dang I'm jealous, I wanted to go too!" So we did. We shared and adobo fried rice and lechon kawali.   Then when my dad came, we came here again and pretty much had the same things, except my dad had some kind of fish soup (I forget the name of this fish) and the food was just as delicious. So...this review will be on the items I have eaten thus far.   Experience - 4.5 (out of 5) Taste of the food - 5 (no complaints)  Beverages - 5 (soda fountain, all you can drink plus they still give you a glass of water too and refill upon request).  Location - 5  Price for the food - 4  Staff- 4 Clean bathroom - 5 Safe parking lot - 5  Have a TV and the football game was on so Chris was happy - 5 Overall rating: 4.722  The portions for the price are decent. Even though my plate was a "2 choice" (pork adobo and pancit mix with one scoop of rice and one scoop of mac salad), the way they serve their meals, and you can easily share with whoever is dining with you. My brother had the shoyu chicken and Thelma's special and my mom had the oxtail soup. The food was plentiful and with tip came to about $50 (with 3 beverages). Seems kinda pricey for a Filipino joint, but this isn't some pick from a steam table place. It's a sit down and wait for some good grub kinda place.  I like supporting Filipinos. I like supporting Filipinos that I think are from Hawaii. (Almost everyone that was there had some kind of "I'm from Hawaii" type shirt or had their "Island Pride" sticker on the back of their vehicles.)  I like supporting businesses that treat their patrons with respect and are appreciative that we're spending our money in their establishment.   My only suggestion: the banana lumpia ice cream mix thing is yummy...just wish they put in 2 lumpias not one. I had to share this with my brother and was about to deck him for the whole thing (j/k). It was one scoop of ube ice cream with the banana lumpia sliced up and mixed together. Thanks Thelma's for giving me the idea to do that at home!!   Too bad I only itch for Filipino grub once in a while (yep, gotta watch the HBP and cholesterol since I'm not a young un' anymore!). But if I do, I'm coming back to Thelma's.   P.S. They have musubi there. Like 4 or 5 different kinds. Next time I'm going to try their longanisa musubi.   Bonus: It's about 6 minutes away from my house!
Just got take out.  It was great.  Ordered the Thelma's Special and Chicken Tocino.  I look forward to more trips here!
Soooo delicious. The staff is so friendly and patient. The food is amazing. I definitely found one of my favorite Filipino restaurants of all time. It's the wait time for the food that is a little depressing but the food really makes up for it.
Thelma' s has never failed me. Been here many times especially for the fried pork (yum yum) and for Mark it's their lechon kawali (triple yum). Their service gives them the five star. Great food great service what more could you ask for !!!!
So this is probably the best Filipino restaurant I've been to in Vegas although technically its in Henderson. The lechon kawali which I always order was excellent, not too much fat like there is a other restaurants and the skin was nice and crisp, the pork and pumpkin dish that my wife ordered was also very good, the vegi was firm not soggy and that banana bread with ice cream is to die for. Oh and thank you yelp for getting us 10% off!
Awesome Filipino food... Must try thelma's special and adobo fried rice!
I have heard of this restaurant awhile ago.  I also read good reviews about the place.  I donot know why it took me awhile to finally go and try it.   I took my son and daughter with me after going to church last Sunday. We were not disappointed.  Everything was so tasteful.   The beef asada was tender and flavorful.  The pinakbet has fresh veggies.  The bagoong was perfect.  The Thelma's specialwas something different.  It was crispy  pork and it had bit a delicious sauce. I would definitely go back.
The food is amazing!!!! It's anytime food. Best service from quality and genuine people! If you don't try it you will have bad luck for a whole month!!(Jk;))
We ordered the adobo lunch combo and pancit mix for 15. 10% off with yelp check-in :)  - hard to find. I drove around in circles for a while then finally called. next to a vitamin shop. prius gps fail.  - spacious and nice decor. clean bathroom! TFC.  - great service! served to us without the tip. - adobo was good. came with 2 pieces. tender. right amount of vinegar and soy sauce for a great taste. wish they gave more sauce to put on top of rice. side of fruit.  - pancit was average. not dry, which is good. not sure if i would pay 8 bucks again for it. i'd just go for a pad-thai. - close but no cigar. eating filipino food in west covina and artesia/cerritos, i'd say that this place almost matches up with them. a bit more expensive. Although this is a great choice when it comes Henderson. Loves the fresh food.
First off, I had to drive all the way around the building to find it. They are located in the back. If they didnt have a sign in the front of the building, you would never know they were there!   Make sure you check in to get 10 percent off your order.   Just about everything on the menu is dee-lish. I usually get the lechon and pork adobo with steamed rice. I love the fact that they give you a small cup of diced tomatos and onions mixed with soy sauce and vinegar. You gotta have that along with the Mang Tomas sauce for the lechon. It's not lechon without it! Now I don't need to describe it to you if you're a first timer. I would say its a safe bet for your first time. Once you get a taste of these two items, you will come back for more. Of course you gotta eat it with the steamed rice to equalize the flavor. Otherwise, you will complain that it is too salty.  To top it off, you gotta get the Halo-Halo for dessert! Its so good that they named it twice! Good to share but if you are able to finish it by yourself than you better get checked for worms! LOL.   Service is ok. When you have a grip of people in there, don't expect to get your food with a snap of your fingers. They take cash and cards.
I have eaten here once before and was very satisfied, but yesterday did a take out order.  I had the pancit and mongo beans.  OMG===horrible. Pancit was ok but mongo beans tasted like soap. Made me gag.  I think Elena's is sooooo much better.
Driving 15 miles to come here for Thelma's special is worth it, in my opinion.  It is the only dish I have tried so far.  The hubby (a fellow yelper) and I both love it and since we are not big eaters, we usually just get that one dish and share it, along with their generous serving of white rice.  Location is great! If you feel stuffed after a big meal, go to either Sunset Station Casino or the Galleria Mall to walk it off!  =)  To Roger T., thanks for the advice! Will definitely check-in to get 10% off on my next order!
One of my favorite filipino food is Sarciado. Ordered from here and I instantly fell in love with the place. Hubby got the adobo, ofcourse good also. Clean and friendly environment..   The only reason I gave 4/5 because it is a bit pricey for a small serving.
My family just got back from Hawaii and just in time to celebrate my mom's birthday.  We went to her favorite place: Thelma's.  Which was so conveniently located across Thelma's...as we were at Galleria Mall taking family photos as her gift.  Anyways, 4 adults and 2 kids devoured 2 Thelma's Specials, squid guisado, 2 bbq pork sticks, and we even ordered fried silet. I think the latter is pig intestines; and my brother was the only one who devoured that!  We even had room for halo-halo. Which I, personally, think is better than cake!  Food was amazing, as always! Mom was more than happy =)  The staff was so nice and polite, as always! They even took our order at our table which is different than normal. I'm guessing because of our larger party.  Another great thing was my previous Yelp check-in allowed 10 or 5% off my tab. Which helped add to the tip the great staff got.
This place ia great!  Super friendly, cheap, and most importantly TASTY!!!  It is hard to find.  It on the inner part of the corner of sunset and marks.  Between mattress discounters and rubios mexican grille.
Everyone is really nice here. The food is ok(doesnt taste as fresh). I've had better. Its not my choice of filipino food but because its close to where i live so i come here. Their waipahu location is on point(i can taste the freshness), so it makes a total difference to me.
Thelma's special is delicious!!
I stopped by the restaurant based on the great reviews. I ended up order the trio of the chicken adobo, Pork Gisantes, and a lo mein style noodle item. I found that both meat items were cooked very well technically, i.e. they were fall off the bone level tender/stewed. However, I felt that all three items were very bland and one noted. Nothing had any excitement, and I feel that the meal was a giant let down in the end. I really wanted to like this meal, unfortunately it was simply unable to deliver.
Pancit Palabok was the very first dish I ordered from here.  It's one of my favorite Filipino dishes that I only got to eat when at family parties. Now I can have it anytime here!!! Thelma's version is awesome...rice noodles drenched in the gravy shrimp and pork sauce topped with hard boiled eggs, crumbled chicharon, green onions, sliced lemons, yeah the works! The entree is meant to feed 2+ people, but I ordered just for myself.  Other favorite staples of mine are their Pork Gisantes. The meat is tender from being stewed with bell peppers and tomato based broth. Veggie lumpia another favorite.  Eggrolls are one of the foods the general public is introduced to when trying Filipino cuisine.   I come here for Diniguan too!  The pork is tender and very tasty. I can taste the garlic which I think brings out this dish. Some people are bit put off when you tell them the English translation "Pork Blood Stew" and the meat is cooked in the blood juices with garlic and vinegar. It's similar to the blood sausage or British Black pudding. So other than the process or the name of the dish, dont let that stop you from trying it out. Thelma's cooking is about close as to your mom's home style Filipino cooking as you can get.    Must try: Halo Halo Special....Shaved ice topped with mixed fruits, Macapuno (Coconut) & Ube(Purple sweet yam) ice creams...order same time you get your lunch, it takes a while to crank out the shave ice.  Ambiance: Very clean, tables bussed right away. The place is Bright, natural sunlight beams down through all the windows surrounding the restaurant during the day. Maybe that's why it can feel warm even though they have the air conditioner on. For the Tagalog language challenged (ie Me) they have pictures of their different plates and entrees with the description and the menu in English.  Service: Super friendly! Lorene who is usually up in front taking orders is very helpful and knows my husband's order more than I do!  I did an order to go once and ordered fried rice. I totally forgot to mention to leave out certain ingredients from it, but Lorene knew anyways! Thank goodness! So yes the staff here are definitely  rockstars when it comes to service with a smile!
Been wanting to try this since I moved here because of the 4 and 5 star reviews here on Yelp. While the service here is very good, I would have to say that the food is just OK. ( based on what I ordered - Thelma's Special).
Filipino food how are you not better known and worshiped? Oh that's right, 99% of the time these are just simple dishes, made with love and care at home. I was first introduced to Filipino fare in San Francisco. Then it was good but very greasy, Thelma was nothing like the dishes I remembered. It's funny because the flavor and textures remind me if very trendy and at times very expensive cuisine. Take for example their lechon. If you are a fan or pork belly, this dish is heaven. Seriously, so good you know it's bad for you. Another example is their chicken adobo. So tender it's braised until it's falling off the bone. The squid guisado, is braised until tender and has some serious deep sea flavor. If you are a fan of the whole snout to tail movement, once again they have you covered. We have tripe, ox tail, hoof, the offal options are varied and done right. The staff is so kind and patient. They happily make recommendations and explain anything that may spark your interest. Prices are ridiculously good, and portions, well let's just say good luck. If you have never had the privilege of experiencing this cuisine Thelma's is the best place to introduce you to it.
Born and raised in the Bay Area, I have been exposed to the Filipino culture from my days as a small child. The families I have been around have always been so welcoming, and the food has always been phenomenal. Needless to say, I was expecting this same type of experience at Thelma's.   My family and I ate lunch there a few days ago, and were a little shocked at the lack of customer service we received.  I get it; this place is not your typical set up. You need to order your food at the counter and then seat yourself.  Someone will then drop your food off at your table and will never check on you again. However, I noticed that other customers inside the restaurant were receiving more attention than we were. I only know some cuss words in Tagalog, so I couldn't follow the conversations. Don't get me wrong, they staff didn't mistreat us, nor were they rude in any way. We were basically ignored. For example, after our meal I went up to order the Coco-nana dessert. When the lady brought us our dessert, she didn't even grab our dirty dishes off of the table as she was heading back to the kitchen. I pre-tipped her when I paid for my bill, and felt that was the least she could have done. It's not like they were garbage cans around so I could clear my own table. I was less than satisfied from a customer service standpoint, but the food was good.  For an appetizer, we decided on the Shanghai lumpia. These were close to perfect, and were accompanied by a sweet chili dipping sauce. My only complaint was that there were only 6 in the order. I could eat 2 dozen of these by myself-they are so addicting. For our entree, we decided on the chicken adobo. Good--but I have had better. Specifically, the adobo lacked seasoning and came across as a little bland. The pancit was delicious! However, my favorite part of this meal was the previously mentioned coco-nana dessert. Warm banana bread with a scoop of coconut ice cream over the top was the perfect end to our meal.  I didn't even care that I am lactose intolerant.   I really like this place and am thankful that there is authentic Filipino food in Henderson. However, I am disappointed that the Filipino culture  I was familiar with did not coincide with the customer service inside the restaurant.
My family would love Thelma's and give them 5 stars.  Me...not that much.  Tough for me to give Thelma's more than 4 stars because I am really picky when it comes to Filipino Food.  I grew up on this food and still think dad's cooking is 2nd to none.  I'm also from San Diego and lived 15 minutes from National City.  If you know National City, you know that's there's Tita's Kitchenette, Zarlito's, and Point Point Joint.  All tough acts to follow.    I still give this place 4 stars for the clean restaurant, great service, selection, and decent food. Out of everything I've tried here, I have to say that their Adobo Fried Rice is very good.    Sometimes service takes awhile and sometimes it's quick.  Located on the opposite end from where I live so its tough to even find the energy to drive out here for their food.  But if I'm in the area and in the mood for their Adobo Fried Rice, I will definitely make a stop.  Wish List:  Too bad they don't have Chicken BBQ on a stick.  One of those things I miss and have yet to find a good one out here.
Great!  Don't be afraid to experiment, with food combos you are not familiar with.  Great food, very friendly - lots of local Filipinos!  Definitely going back.
Thelma's has great Filipino & some Hawaiian foods. The flavors are great and the service is wonderful. The only problem I would have is that when they ask me how I want my egg on my fried rice, I never get it the way I ask. So why do they even ask? Anyways...It doesn't take away from the taste.   My favs are the Thelma's Special, Pork Adobo Fried Rice and the Longanesa Musubi. While eating there, I feel like I'm just eating at a relative's house :-), Filipino TV playing in the background all the time Lol. I've been to many Filipino food places and this is definitely my favorite. The best thing for me and my boyish figure (NOT) is that it's not too close to my house!
Like peanut butter? Get the Kare Kare!
Gustung-gusto ko ng masarap na pagkain.  I am honestly somewhere in between a 3 star rating and a 5 star rating for this place, so that is why the four. Not perfect but pretty damn good.  We came with an appetite and ordered a crap load of food. We ordered so much food, they moved us from a small table to a big table. Yeah, it was just me and my hunny and my son.  The following is what we devoured:  Spam Masubi Longanisa Masubi Lechon Kawali Marinated Bangus A mixed plate with: rice and macaroni salad, shoyu chicken, pancit mix, and squid guisado. Another mixed plate with: rice, squid guisado, pinkabet and dinuguan.  I fell absolutely in love with their lechon. Some of the best in this valley that I have tried to be honest. Their mang sauce is definitely not watered down like other restaurants do. (My mouth is watering just thinking about the lechon now). It was fried perfectly with a perfect ratio of skin, to fat, to meat. And most importantly, it didn't leave a greasy feeling in my mouth.  The bangus was on point and was boneless. An extra plus for my hunny.   The squid guisado was delicious as well. Not overpowered by the bagoong.  I find that a lot of places fill their pinakbet with squash and this was a good balance of all veggies.   Both of the masubi's were delicious and the fact that I could order a longanisa masubi made me very excited.    Honestly, it was all good. Except the dinuguan left me very disappointed. I was not a fan of the taste or texture of this one.  We spend a little under $40 for all the food and had plenty to take home.   Just know that if you order hot tea, it is simply a lipton tea bag and they give the hot water and lemon and honey.   And if you like they play TFC on the TV.  Gawin ang iyong sarili ng ilang mabuti at kumain sa Pilipino restaurant na ito nang hindi bababa sa isang beses.
HAPPY PLACE  It's been a long time since I last tasted my most favorite Filipino dish Kare-Kare (oxtail, tripe, eggplant with peanut sauce). To counter balance the heavy saucy entree, I ordered a stir fired Lechon Kawali Guisaldo (crispy pork with squash). A dash of shrimp paste on the white rice, and I was on my way towards total Filipino euphoria which included watching some heavy Filipina soap opera. I also got my fill of Fanta Orange soda to boot.
Good food & friendly service! Would go back soon.
Lechon with onions and the milk fish is delicious! I came here Sunday and got a decent portion (not enough meat, in my opinion). I did enjoy the Filipino food, which I rarely eat.
the BEST filipino food in the valley.  this is actually the same Thelma's restaurant that's in Hawaii.... I'm lucky enough to live pretty close to it, but if you are coming from north las vegas or summerlin i'm telling you, it is worth the trip!   everything is made fresh instead of just "buffet" style like the other filipino restaurants.  Thelma's special, kare kare, and adobo fried rice here are my personal favorites.
I like their Dinuguan , Lechon Kawali and pinakbet. Flavor was really good. They have to do something with their portions... seems like too little.  Order Halo-Halo, I think that was a rip off . There was hardly anything in it and they charge $5.  Service though was excellent!
Having never eaten Filipino food I was anxious to try something new. We made our way into the restaurant and liked that they had menus with pictures. You walk in and go to a counter to order your food. I told the person at the counter that I had never had Filipino food and he was very helpful with his suggestions. I got the adobo chicken and pork. The wife and kids got some kind of sweet chicken. All I know is that when the food is brought to the table the smells are wonderful. I can honestly say the chicken was the best I ever had. It was super flavorful and moist. Everyone had a great meal, and my daughter has already asked if we can go back. If your near this place stop in. You will not be disappointed.
We have been here a few times already and it is on the opposite side of town. We go there when we are in that area since I have not found a Filipino restaurant near where we live that I like. For me, this has the basics of the Filipino food that I like: pansit & adobo and it is good & cheap. The portions for a mixed plate are kind of small, but enough. I like the shoyu chicken more than the adobo. The only negative is I am a big fan of monggo. I like mine "soupy" with spinach and shrimp. Theirs is thick and creamy almost with fatty pork-not a fan of that version. Everything else I have tried there has been pretty good and not overly greasy like other Filipino restaurants.
The lunch specials are the bomb.com here! The chicken adobo is my favorite thing on the the menu. If you want some quick delicious lunch spots check this place out!
Good food. I'm a white boy so I was a little scared. I had the fried pork with vinegar and garlic sauce. Thumbs up.
I have to try this restaurant because of the great reviews I read, but was disappointed.  I ordered Thelma's Special and nothing really special with lechon kawali and some slices tomatoes with soy sauce on the side.  I also tried pork adobo and it was watery, not the way I wanted it to be.  I recycled it the next day and it turn out tastier than when I got it from them.  They also doubled charge me with the rice when, I didn't even ordered it.  Oh well, At least I gave it a try, 2 times.  I don't think I'm going back there ever again.  Sorry Thelma!
The food wasn't that great, and i loooovvveee filipino food. Service was great. They were fast... They have a lot of pork dishes, which I'm not a big fan of. Would I eat there again? Probably not or maybe - if someone else is paying. Lol
Thelma's fare is solid, but there was nothing that stood out as great.  The prices were great; dinner for 2 for less than $20.  We both had mix plates, and between the 2 of us we tried the Thelma's special, which is crispy fried pork pieces with onions & tomatoes.  The pork adobo, shoyu chicken, and the squid guisado.  Out of everything the shoyu chicken was the most tasty.  The rest of the dishes tasted like they were missing something, like they needed a little more something seasoning or something.  We added a little extra vinegar to the pork adobo and the flavor improved.  The staff was very nice and the facility was very clean.  They are kinda hidden, on the back corner of the strip plaza.
Thelma's is a pretty decent restaurant.  While the food was good, it still wasn't amazing or anything special at all.  And since I am Filipino, I have high standards for my motherland's food.  Their lechon kawali was pretty good.  It was crunchy and not crazy oily.  There was a good fat to meat ratio as well.  They had the standard mang tomas sauce to go with the dish, which is very much essential.  I also tried their pinapaitan too, which is a gingery stew, with tripe and beef/liver.  Again, it was good, but not great.  Their chicken adobo was ok. But, I am very particular with this dish, and so it has to have the right amount of soy sauce, vinegar, whole ground black peppers and perhaps maybe even coconut milk with a bay leaf thrown in, so I am of course biased.  I also tried the Thelma's special, which is just lechon with minced onions and tomatoes on top.  My visit to this place ended with the halo halo special, which could have been a bit sweeter. It was also lacking more toppings.  Oh, and their water had no taste, which is good, seriously.  Don't you dislike the taste of tap?  The staff there was very friendly, I must say.  I went an hour before closing and there weren't a lot of people.  Finally, I would say that if you are in the mood for some decent Filipino food, check this place out.  You may satisfy your tummy, but you probably won't be wowed.  However, one thing to keep in mind is that Thelma's is still better than some other Filipino restaurants in town which have their food drowned and soaked in oil.
CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN:  Good Introduction Food for non-Filipinos - cooked well and not heavily seasoned.  THE MEAT: We had a lot of it because that's what hubby craved for.  We had pork adobo fried rice with fried eggs (adobo = anything stewed in garlic, soy sauce and vinegar), a sweetish salty pork sausage (longganisa), deep fried pork belly and the halo-halo special (a crushed ice dessert with beans and purple yam ice cream).  Everything was cooked (prepared) perfectly.  Hubby and I didn't know if it was our allergies acting up, but we found the food a little lacking in taste.  We wanted a little more soy, vinegar and garlic in everything... even more sugar in the halo-halo.  The only sweetness was coming from the ice cream (which you do not get in the regular order).    I'd give this place 3.5 stars for the food, but because the place is large, clean and has awesome service, it merits 4 stars here.  If you were a health buff or a Filipino Food Virgin, definitely go to this joint.  If you're a little more adventurous with a well seasoned palette, you can try DT's Filipino Food.  Don't be fazed by the Chinese décor and the poor ratings on Yelp.  They have a good chef from Pampangga.  I'M STILL DIGESTING... All the grease from my meal.  Hehe.  Filipino food is soaked in fat/oil and is meant to be eaten in hot weather.  So when it is served, eat is fast.  Then exercise a little.  ;)  WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-)  Adobo Rice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson?select=xYE3EQn05Hk17CtFgp6OOw#o_b8zRARbqPoDKlC7mXGTw Longganisa http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson?select=xYE3EQn05Hk17CtFgp6OOw#NqQc4KgVWN7lYxeii69EpA Lechon Kawali http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson?select=xYE3EQn05Hk17CtFgp6OOw#sKPQeo2eIWVvAf39_hchSQ Halo-Halo http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson?select=xYE3EQn05Hk17CtFgp6OOw#lZ7ciIT90t2rnmp_dEytsw
I'm so sorry but I just can't seem to understand their food.  Friend rice with egg and bacon. It was just straight up STILL white rice doused in soy sauce. For almost $6 for a small portion (VERY SMALL) not really worth the money nor actual food.  Service was okay. I ordered over the phone for pick up. I would come back to use my 10% off, and I hope they'd still take it.
First time trying Filipino food, and "yah, I'm a fan."   My dad let me pick the restaurant tonight, so I turned to yelp and it came through!   We tried the pork adobo fried rice and the Thelma special=a fried pork pieces with this fresh salsa thing. It was good. I would get both again and recommend others to it!   I wanna try the pork pumpkin soup next time. And there lunch special looked really good. something like a dish, drink and fruit salad for around 7 bucks
gross,soooo oversalted, fatty,unhealthy and overpriced.
Visited last week and was very happy. It took a few minutes longer than expected but it was well worth the wait. WILL return, next time in town.
3.5 stars.  Every once in a while, I have a crazy craving for bangus.  Since I was in Henderson, I was so glad to find this Filipino restaurant in the area.  Of course I ordered the Bangus breakfast plate, with garlic fried rice and 2 eggs over easy.  I ordered mini spam fried rice for the kids and a pork BBQ on a stick for each of them. Thelma's is an actual restaurant, not  "turo turo" style, so the food is cooked to order.   So, the kids and I grabbed a table, sat down, and waited patiently for our food while we watched Filipino soap operas.  And we waited.  And waited. And waited some more.  Sadly, there was only 1 party ahead of us. After 38 minutes, the food finally came, but by then I was losing my mind- because I had 2 very hungry and now cranky kids.    At least the food was good comfort food.  And the mini fried rice was a huge order- so much that even after the kids devoured it- we still had leftovers to take home.  And the bangus with binegar hit the spot.   The restaurant is huge, plenty of seating.  The service was friendly. The prices are higher than the "turo turo" places. I just wish I had brought a snickers bar in my purse to alleviate those "hangry pains" (hungry + angry) that crept up while we were waiting.   *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 52/100*
no no no no no
STILL MY FAVORITE FILIPINO RESTAURANT  We had our UHE "Unofficial Henderson Event" with several other Henderson community Yelpers. Lunch was family style for the five of us. More than enough food with plenty of leftovers for a snack later on. It was also a chance to catch up with Thelma's two daughters who operate this restaurant.  Great place to meet, chat and enjoy great Filipino cuisine.
HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013 - Contender #5  What started on a whim last week has resulted in the 5th day in a row of halo-halo for Mel C. and I.  Tonight we brought the challenge to the other side of town and invited a couple of Henderson Yelpers and the Asian Persuasion family to join us.  Shirley B is the duchess of Thelma's, a spacious restaurant near Sunset Station.  First tip:  use your Yelp app to check-in and get 10% off your order.  Ian A. checked in after he ordered and paid and missed out on the discount--sayang!  Next time, na lang.    There are two halo-halo versions here:  the plain one for $5.25 and the special one for $5.75, which includes macapuno and ube ice cream.  We had the special version and the ingredients were: pinipig (first time in 5 tries.  These are toasted rice grains--think Rice Krispies) macapuno (coconut strips) ube ice cream kaong (sugar palm fruit) nata de coco (coconut jelly) langka (jackfruit) cherries **See, we are learning the real names of the ingredients as we go along, instead of saying "those red stringy things," and " these green balls (!)."  Yes, Mel and I are both the kind of Filipinos whose parents didn't really teach us Tagalog growing up stateside so we've had to learn as we go.  BUT, I can understand a lot, especially when you're not saying nice things  ;)  What was missing: ube leche flan red beans (azuki)  Everyone's halo-halo preferences are different, so we're just doing the leg work for you and letting you know what we find along the way.  I am still on the hunt for the halo-halo that has ube, leche flan, red beans, langka, kaong, nata de coco, macapuno, and ice cream in ONE bowl.  The search continues.    Halo-Halo Contender #1: http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw Halo-Halo Contender #2:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA Halo-Halo Contender #3: http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ Halo-Halo Contender #4: http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ
I came here with friends due to the glowing yelp reviews. Service was excellent. Of the dishes I sampled, their Kare-Kare was the shining star with real peanutty flavor and lovely oxtail and veggies. This Sinigang Stew with Shrimp  (a sour soup made with a tamarind base) was pretty good and arrived with ample shrimp. I personally wish it was twice as sour but it satisfied.  Less impressive were several dishes:  The Lumpiang Shanghai, a deep-fried meat-filled spring roll with a sweet and sour dipping sauce, lacked flavor and texture.  The Pancit Palabok craved seasoning and any anato seed flavor. The rice noodles were unexpectedly thin like a vermicelli but the lack of flavor was the main issue.  The Halo-Halo (mix-mix) Special as dessert was just pure disappointment.  In their menu, the regular Halo-Halo description included several components while the Special seemed to include the regular ingredients plus Ube (purple sweet root crop) ice cream. The special arrived in an okay-looking presentation of crushed ice with condensed or evaporated milk, red nata de coco (coconut gel), something else that was red and seemingly coconut-based, as well as Ube ice cream. It was missing red beans, garbanzos, macapuno (shredded, sweetened coconut) and pinipig (crunchy, crushed young rice). Any addition of even just one of those ingredients would make it truer to its name.
HATE  Nothing.  DISLIKE  Only location is half an hour away from where I live.  LIKE  The lunch special. The food selection. The shrimp omelet. The fried rice. Thelma's special.  LOVE  The homemade taste.
I found Thelma's here on Yelp while in Henderson after a craving my wife had for good Filipino food. Being a bit skeptical myself when it comes to Filipino restaurants here in Vegas and preferring my wife's we gave them a visit. The location of Thelma's was only about 3.5 miles from our current locale and heading towards the direction of where we reside in North Las Vegas. Upon arriving at the address we discovered they are located in the rear, as the business post multiple suites via the same street number on Sunset. However once inside this was not your typical Filipino hole in the wall so to speak but a clean, spacious family dining establishment. Based on the reviews from Yelp I order the Pork Adobo Fried Rice and my wife had a combo plate. The host was pleasant and professionally apt to taking our order without flaw. The meal was delivered to our table within 5-10 minutes which I considered just great as this is not necessarily Mickey D's. I found the dish I ordered fresh and tasty even though the Adobo was prepared differently than my wives. I believe Star Anise may have been more heavily used than vinegar and soy sauce which I had no complaints with. My wife was just as pleased with her meal and didn't require a to go container. All and all we enjoyed Thelma's from the clean appearance of the restaurant, quality of the food and even appreciated being served on real dinnerware not styrofoam containers.
I have to start this review by saying that I hate Filipino food at restaurants. I grew up with the traditional Filipino mom who made a home cooked Filipino meal every night. So my expectatios are really high. Restaurant Filipino food tends to be on the bland side to cater to everyone. I'm used to all the fatty, salty, greasy deliciousness.   My family lives in California so I don't get to eat as much Filipino food as I would like to. However, the craving can get overwhelming at times. So where do I go?!?! Here!!!  This is the closest it gets to Filipino home cooking. Everything I've eaten always comes out piping hot and fresh. Everything is flavored correctly. I haven't tried anything that I didn't like. My favorites are kare kare (oxtail and vegetables cooked in a peanut butter broth served with shrimp paste) and Thelma's special (pieces of lechon with tomatoes and onions served with special sauce). All sounds off if you aren't used to it, but trust me it is delicious. Only reason why I docked a star is because this isn't my mom's cooking, but it satisfies the need.
I was heading to the mall nearby and decided to try Thelma's. My boyfriend and I were satisfied from the first bite! If it's your first time and want to try a little bit of everything, get the mix plate. Great service as well.
Been here a few times but haven't really wrote a review about it. This place is really good. The place is not a buffet style you actually order from the menu and they do have it to go too. The place was clean and comfy the staff seems like she does everything from taking your order to cashier to clean the tables and bringing your drinks. any ways my fave dish was the thelma's special its bascially lechon chopped into cubes with onions and tomato and the seasoning.  the portions were pretty good and can could feed about 2 or 3 people. i definitely would make this my to go spot when im craving lechon!
Since it opened, this place is so Hawaii kine. It improved a lot on the menu. The food is still very enjoyable with the ALOHA feel. I wish I could substitute the macaroni salad with PANCIT instead. hint hint
We ordered take-out and waited for some time, only because we had a big order. If you check-in on Yelp you get 10% off. The lady at the counter was nice. Can't really write a full review because we never sat down and ate but the location was bigger and cleaner than the Waipahu location.
AMAZING!!!!!!!!! The fried pork is an orgasm in your mouth!!!!!! Everything is wonderful, I haven't had this good of flilpino food since a friend!! You must go here
Food is ok.. Service is slow.. Waitresses need to figure out which order belongs to who.. They're nice.. But people come here to eat not to make friends with them.. Seriously speed up the process.. You can't have one person wait 40-50 minutes for one order!!
nice staff and attentive when it's a slow to moderate crowd but when it's a tad busy they get flustered and discombobulated. my girl ordered 2 - 2 item meals to go and got her order 30-40 later after two customers after her recieved their orders first. That's my rant on service.   Food wise, I have no complains. Always on point and very tasty but they do need to work on portion consistency. 3.5 stars
Very good food! I always get the same meal every time which is pork adobo (their chicken adobo is good as well), pancit, white rice and mac salad. For dessert banana bread with coconut ice cream on top, yum yum!!
My order, every time:  Appetizer: Shanghai Lumpia Entree: Mixed plate of chicken adobo, pancit, white rice and macaroni salad Dessert: banana lumpia special (the one with ice cream)  I'm drooling as I type this...so delicious. This is the only place I'll go when I'm craving filipino food. No, I'm not filipino, and no, I'm not an expert on filipino food, but I do know delicious food when I eat it and THIS place is delicious. Too delicious to stray from, even though I have to drive to BFE to enjoy it.   I knocked it down one star because theres been a few times I went when the service was bad enough that I seriously considered taking my food to go (because no, I wasn't abandoning the food after my long drive because someone wanted to be rude or have an attitude), but USUALLY the service is great- fast and polite.
They redeemed themselves tonight. Great service, quick and everything tasted "masarap"! Try their "coco-nana" dessert. Banana bread and coconut ice cream on top! Yum!
Updating my review from my last experience ... I'm impressed .. Food was good, service was good ! I guess you can say I'm glad I gave it another try.  Thelma's Special is my favorite .. New item we tried is the Longanisa Musubi! Which was D E L I C I O U S!
Well this was a disappointment to say the least. We had high expectations from the reviews and ratings.  The pictures posted are really old and so are some of the reviews so take the into consideration.  We went as a family which included 4 filipinos that were craving authentic home made filipino food.  As expected the food was high in salt but this was more salt than needed for the cooking.  The menu selection was ok nothing great.  The duck wasn't very good. The lumpia seemed like the frozen kind you just heat up.  Disappointed.
Thelma's used to be my favorite Filipino restaurant but lately the quality of their food hasn't been up to par. I ordered take out chicken adobo, only to get home and find out they gave me fatty inedible pieces of pork. Sad thing is, I actually tipped and complimented them on how speedy their service was. LMAO. I need to find a new Filipino spot.
A nice quiet restaurant off The Strip!! I don't normally eat Filipino food, but this place is def a favorite when in Vegas for the weekend. I always get the Adobo Chicken Fried Rice and it ALWAYS hits the spot. Plenty of shredded chicken inside with a blanket of scrambled eggs on top!! Deliciously delicious:]] Affordable too, $8.50 for a huge portion. Also tried the regular Adobo Chicken and it was probably the best i've ever tasted. Use the Yelp Check-in for 10% off. I always try to find time in my weekend to make a stop here.. Craving it now as im writing this review actually ha!!
Went for our first time on a Thurs evening. Food was ok,staff seemed to be busy dealing with the kitchen area. We were one of three tables of people. I don't know if they normally keep it so dark. We had pancit with lumpia. Just noodles and a few tiny bits of cabbage,lumpia wasn't very good,almost burnt and was mostly wrapper. We also had the pork and pumpkin. Very little of the pork was edible.  Mostly fat and hard dry pieces that I couldn't chew. The sauce was very tasty.
So my girlfriend and I ordered four halo halo specials. You know what we got? We received six ingredients- ice, two of the tiniest scoops of ube ice cream, condensed milk, some red jello, kaong, and macapuno.   No mungo, corn, leche flan, and other usual things. This is the special. I wonder if their usual halo halo only would have ice and milk.  Seriously, don't be so cheap. People, do not go and support a restaurant where it took them 15 mins to make this dessert. This is a total ripoff. Never again.
I don't know how this place got good reviews.  We stopped by for lunch and waited 40 minutes and did not get our food. They were so disorganized sending plates to the wrong tables.  Our plate was last at a table for ten minutes and then the waitress bought it to our table we refused to take the order. We left without eating and wasted an hour.  Would not recommend. Don't go
Coming from a family of great cooks (Mom and many Titas - all from Pampanga) we are always on the lookout for good Filipino food here in the states.  If you're out of town and you're looking for this place - set your GPS to find the Sunset Station Casino, then look to the small strip center directly in front of the Casino.  We got two kinds of Lechon - the "traditional" kawali style and "Thelma's Special" - the kawali was EXCELLENT - super crispy and the perfect cuts of meat, fat, and crispy skin.  Kare-Kare, Shanghai Lumpia, Boneless Bangus, and (of course) Pork BBQ all hit the table very quickly and freshly cooked.  Perhaps my favorite part is the "openness" of their kitchen - you can clearly see it from the dining room, as well as the back hallway leading to the restrooms, where they have a large window that lets you really see behind the scenes.  Being in the restaurant business for the last 20+ years, I've really come to an appreciation of any business (especially Family owned) that has a high standard of cleanliness and food safety.  The staff was very friendly - didn't mind speaking to our mixed group in either Tagalog or English - and responded to every request eagerly and with genuine hospitality.  Looks like our family has a new "regular" spot whenever we come to Vegas!!!  Maraming Salamat!
Great home cook food. I cannot ask better. Service was very fast and friendly. The restaurant is very clean. And definitely will return when we are back in Vegas
Best Filipino restaurant in Las Vegas!  I always get their mixed plate. Delicious pork adobo, Thelma's special, and mongo beans.   This is the only place where the Filipino food is made like my family's recipe. The staff is very friendly and always smiling. I would absolutely suggest to everyone to try this place out!
Hubby and I love this place and a regular haunt for us.  My Hubby's fav: adobo fried rice and spam musubi.  My favorite: pinakbet and Thelma's special.  This is a must try for anyone craving Filipino food.
Food was ok.  Nothing special.  Food was overpriced.  Spam musibi did not taste great. The rice was mushy and the whole thing fell apart after you picked it up and took one bite. I think they did not use the proper rice to make it.   Chicken adobo too salty,  and pinikbat was ok.  Squid was ok.  My kids usually love pancit but they barely took a few bites.  My kids didn't like the adobo either and usually that's their favorite food.
Ordered the pork & fish sinigang... it tasted like the soup was ready made &  then they just added the meat in when its ordered so the meat tastes bland... doesn't absorb the sauce because they cook it separately... My dad went there last week and said the food wasn't good either... they take to many short cuts to save money... then the taste of the food suffers...
Good Filipino food
Expensive. Unfriendly staff. Do not order marinated bangus.  Will never eat here again.
Thelma's is a really good restaurant to go to if you're in the mood for Filipino food. The prices are reasonable and the portions are a good size. They have a bunch of things to choose from like fried rice, sinigang, pancit, beef tapa, adobo and lots more. My personal favorite is the longganisa fried rice!
I literally had the best breakfast in my life here.   I've traveled a good portion of the world and I have been to all 50 States.   Until I had the chicken adobo garlic fried rice with two eggs over easy at Thelma's, I've never had anything so good for breakfast. I normally dislike rice but this rice is different.   I ate here several times over my week in Vegas and I will definitely do so again.
You would think that they would do a better version of Shoyu chicken because they are from Hawaii. I was very disappointed.  The chicken was lightly seasoned, barely any soy and not sweet at all. I almost thought they served me adobo.
I'm from Seattle and grew up in Hawaii. My biggest complaint about Seattle Filipino food is that it is more miss than hit. I'm told this restaurant has ties to Elena's in Hawaii. The food here is legit. Reminds me of home.   I had the Mixed Plate (4 choices): Pork Gisantes, Squid Guisado, Pinakbet, and Thelma's Special (chopped lechon kawali with tomatoes, onions, and soy sauce). For desert, Banana Lumpia.   And it was all good.  I love the food here.
This place just opened last week so I had to try it. I was not disappointed. I was advised to order the aristocrat BBQ pork by a friend of mine. I ordered the $6.95 lunch special that came with java rice, atsara and macaroni salad. The portion was huge! The meat was marinated in something similar to what you would get at a Hawaiian BBQ joint. It was grilled to the point that the outside was crispy and the inside was moist and tasty. The java rice was eh okay. I should have substituted the garlic fried rice for it like my friends did theirs. It was almost like yellow rice with BBQ sauce and bits of meat in it, not a whole lot of flavor. The macaroni salad was a treat though, I think it had pineapples and raisins in it? The atsara was different than anything I've had before. It was raisins, carrots and pickled mango. It was a nice burst of flavor to offset the mild rice and macaroni salad. I definitely want to come back for the Filipino Breakfast specials (I love me some Longaniza).
Don't expect it to be the exactly the same as Aristocrat Restaurant in Manila. All they have are grilled items, some appetizers and noodles. They don't have the full blown restaurant. I was so excited to try the Chicken BBQ, it wasn't exactly the same but the java rice was pretty close. I would still come back and hopefully things get tastier as time goes by as they just opened and still seemed disorganized. It is right next to LBC and Jolibee. I suggest you stop by. I think their pricing is very affordable good value for what you are getting.
HATE  Nothing.  DISLIKE  Their setup is a little confusing upon entry (somewhere between a sit-down place and a fast-food joint).  The light fixtures above the tables don't match unintentionally.  The cashier who rang me up didn't say a word or even smile.  LIKE  The light mac salad. Availability of eggs as a side dish during the whole day. The portions. The atchara (pickled vegetable side dish). The boneless chicken bbq. Thai fortune cookie.  LOVE  Unlimited refills on sweetened green tea. The energetic and cheerful waitress.
Yummy!
In all fairness the place was clean And the staff list friendly. The prices are pretty decent as well. the menu was a little bit limited. I highly recommend you get the garlic rice instead of the java rice. The pork barbeque little bit too sweet. The noodle soup really good. If you are looking for a new Filipino establishment, definitely try this place out.
I've been here a hand full of times.  Typically on the weekends.  I've tried the bbq chicken, bbq pork, and the chicken mami.  By far my favorite dish is the chicken bbq dish.  It comes with a nice helping of bbq chicken, macaroni salad, java rice (a kind of rice with a sweet tomato flavor), and a small side of atsara.  The food is really good.  For me Filipino restaurants are hit or miss.  But, Aristocrat's food taste like something I would eat at home or a family party.  They keep the menu limited to bbq plates, noodle soup (mami) and Filipino favorites such as fried lumpia.  I think more recently they have also have started serving San Miguel Beer!  As for service, it's not too bad.  Typically the owners daughter is the only one serving and she is always smiling.  Last time I was there we had a server that seemed preoccupied and messed up our order.  Other than that little tid-bit, I would have given this place a 5!  I would definitely recommend this place to a Filipino looking for great home cooking or even someone willing to venture out and try something new.
I'd never eaten in a Filipino restaurant before this one, and in all honesty I probably wouldn't have if this one hadn't opened up round the corner from my flat.  But I'm really glad I did. I had a chicken curry, which, although it was only mildly spiced compared to how I would normally have spicy food, the combination of the spiced chicken with papaya and coconut milk worked proved a really tasty combination. Next time I'll be sampling something from their pork or seafood section of the menu, as they all looked really good as well.  Main courses range from £6-£9, and the starters and mains were considerably cheaper, which makes for a really nice meal at a surprisingly good-value price. This, combined with the fact that this is one of probably not more than half a dozen Filipino restaurants in Edinburgh, makes this a good choice for those times when you fancy eating out and want something different, but without breaking the bank.
This a great restaurant if you fancy an Asian meal with a twist - Filipino food has obvious Eastern influences but also a surprising amount of European ones, due to its colonisation by the Spanish. This little restaurant is a good place for a date, as it's small and intimate. The staff are really friendly and bend over backwards to make you feel welcome.  The food is really good, with a healthy mix of beef, chicken, pork and seafood. The starters range from £3 to £4.50 and the breaded prawns are particularly good. There is a good variety of mains as well, ranging from a fiver to £8.50 for the most expensive. One of the highlights of Rice Terraces is that, unlike many cautious Chinese restaurants, they have more unusual selection of dishes including oxtail and tripe, milkfish and tilapia (a type of fish). Pretty much all the fish dishes are good, especially the squid in garlic, vinegar and soy sauce, and the mixed noodles offer a good cheaper alternative. The desserts are also really well thought out; they are original and compliment the meal nicely, with the best being the banana and jackfruit spring roll with coconut ice cream.  They have recently gained a licence, with the best being the Filipino San Miguel. If you are looking for something a little different from the generic Asian fusion restaurants then this is definitely the place to go.
Had lunch here on Sunday of last weekend. My companion and I were only one of 3 sets of diners but that could be down to the restaurant not being well known. Given the quality of the food and the friendly service that state of affairs could well change so I'd suggest you head along as soon as you can before things get too busy.    We shared the 8 course fish menu and although I've no idea what any of the dishes were the presentation was very attractive and there was no more delay between courses than you'd averagely expect. Our waitress was very attentive and overall it was a very pleasant dining experience which I'll happily repeat as the rest of the dishes on the menu look equally appetising.
At last I've finally got round to trying out Rice Terraces! The service is great - our waiter was really friendly. We shared the breadcrumbed gambas (prawns) and vegetable lumpia - the prawns were nice, but neither dish had a lot of flavour. Had me wishing I had gone for the fresh mackerel instead, but that can wait for another visit.   Because the boy didn't like the fish kamayan menu and I don't eat meat, we didn't try it this time round, but it will be on the list to try for next time to. Instead, he tucked into barbeque pork, which surprised him by the lack of sauce while I pushed out my sensory boat by opting for bitter melon and prawns. Note to self: now you've tried bitter melon, you never ever ever ever have to eat that again - never has a vegetable (or fruit) been more aptly named. Sadly after trying it, it seemed to mask the flavour of the rest of the dish, so I didn't particularly enjoy my meal, although the bamboo rice that we shared was tasty. For dessert, the boy tried out the jackfruit and banana pancake while I tucked into a surprisingly fruity leche flan. Yum!    So in all honesty, I wasn't superwon over with my Filipino  restaurant experience, but I think it was through the choice of dish more than anything, so as I've mentioned already, we will go back to try some more before I fully make up my mind.
Masarap!  It isn't as good as my mama's cooking, but if I can't have that, then this will be a good substitution.  The restaurant seating area is small as in not many seats.  When I walked in, the smell reminded me of home =).  I was greeted by the waiter and he is Filipino, so I knew would be very helpful.  There is a section of the menu that is dedicated to 2 people as it is a set menu:  a seafood set menu and a meat set menu.  With some items on the menu you also have the option to try kamayan, which is eating with your hands.  Most of the couples in there (seems to be a popular place for romantic dates) went straight for utensils, but there was one couple that wanted to try it.  The waiter explained the technique (yes... there is a technique) and he did a good job.  I started with the Lumpia Shanghai, pork eggrolls with a spicy sweet and sour dipping sauce.  Those were delicious, just like home.  I noticed my favourite dish on the menu, Sinigang na baboy, a tamarind based soup (sometimes called sour soup) with veggies and pork.  There is a small and a large size.  While the waiter said that the small size was like a starter and the large size was enough for two, I opted for the small size with a bowl of steamed rice.  He came out with a little box with holes at the top and candles inside, placed it on the table and placed a plate on it.  Now everyone was looking at me because I was the only one not ordering from the set menu.  He then came back with a bowl of rice and a bowl of sinigang.  He moved the plate onto the table and then placed the bowls of food on the box.  Clever idea!  When he said that the small portion was like a starter, he must've meant a starter for two because it was more than enough for me.  The rice was perfectly done (yes, I'm a snob about my rice).  And the sinigang was really good... only complaint was that some of the pork was a bit tough.  There were green beans, tomatoes, onions, and napa cabbage.  The broth was a little spicy, which was nice.  I did ask the waiter for patis, a fish sauce, to add a bit of salt to the broth.  They came through!  I also decided to have dessert, usually I opt for Halo Halo or Ube, but because I don't see it on menus often, I went for the Bibinka.  The Bibinka wasn't quite what I am familiar with, but it was still warm and tasty.  And... all of that (I had water to drink) was under £11.00.  I highly recommend this place (I walked 1.5 miles from my hotel to get there)... while it is authentic, it also provides a lot of dishes and even tutorials to help introduce people to Filipino food.  Was a bit sad that I couldn't come back for breakfast in the morning!
A hidden gem that I would easily classify as one of the best places in Edinburgh for a casual, friendly and quiet dinner.  Pros: very tasty food, appetizing food presentation, homy ambience, friendly and attentive waiters, one of the best value for money places I know.  Cons: mostly fried food, poor dessert selection, average decoration.  Comparison: As good as Indaba (but cheaper). Better than Kampong Ah Lee, Kismot or Mosque kitchen.  Highly recommended!
My mom is from the Philippines and when people find this out they sometimes ask what Filipino food is like. I always say that it's a mish-mash of Spanish, American, and Chinese/Thai and that is absolutely delicious. Sweet and sometimes spicy and there's a tang to it! I first came to this restaurant last August when my sister was over visiting.  I had missed my mom's cooking and felt a little home sick so we decided heading to a Filipino restaurant would satisfy my craving.  I invited two friends who had never had Filipino food but were interested and eager to see what all the fuss (me complaining how much I missed pancit, pan de sal, and adobo) was all about.  It was amazing. I was in heaven. It was like my own mother was cooking for me.   I went again about a month ago for my friend's birthday.  Her boyfriend had never tried Filipino food but was very keen.  Again we were very pleased with the food. If you are with group of at least four then I suggest you opt for the 'Kamayan' style dining option.  It's customary in the Philippines to eat with your hands so they provide each diner with a little bowl with warm water and lemon juice to rinse your hands between courses.  Alternatively, you can ask for cutlery (but there's not fun in that!).   The starter we received was a mix of pork and chicken skewers and lumpia (which are like mini spring rolls filled with pork and veges). The next course was a chicken and ginger soup. Note that the chicken still had bones in it.  We had a variety of the mains.  My friend's boyfriend really enjoyed the lechon (roasted pork).  For dessert, we decided to try all four (aside from the ice cream and halo halo). The bibingka which is made from cassava root was very tasty as well as the leche flan (caramel/condensed milk) and the turon (friend banana). Note we asked to switch some of the items on the set menu with some on the a la carte menu and they happily obliged.   The best part of the meal was the service. I think it's part of the Filipino mentality but we were definitely impressed (both times!). What I understand is that it is a small family that runs the restaurant and on both occasions the son was our server. He went above and beyond what's expected and provided excellent knowledge and advice on everything we ate.   It's a fun and delicious dining experience. If you are curious to taste what Filipino food is like then I highly suggest you try it out.
I tried this place out because one of our friends ordered party trays at their party of the Pork Adobo, and it was a hit!  We wanted to see and try this place.....  Location -  very interesting - tucked away and not easiest to find  Decoration  - very simple, but comfortable and large enough to have large parties.  Food - more buffet based, what is cooked is in the large aluminum trays on heaters, so this is what is available. If you go at wrong times, you are not going to get what you may want.  Menu - Good Selection, but based on what is already cooked.  Checked out the selection of baked goods available for sale too.    Service - You are served at the food line and they know their stuff and will let you try some things. Ask questions and they are very helpful.  Overall, nice place to try out filipino food, and the food quality is good for sure.  I just found it to be very salty for my taste, and a bit on the expensive side.  However, I will try it again for sure.
So glad I decided to try out this filipino restaurant for lunch today!!!  The place was nice and clean.  Very spacious.  The food was in those buffet line looking warmer, and they have so many varieties.  The chairs were kinda uncomfortable though.  There was no cushion.  But after eating the food, I forgot about the non-cush for my tush.    Pancit Palabok-The noodles were bigger than the ones I had before at Jollibee or Goldilocks.  It had a nice thick layer of pork rinds on top.  This adds texture and flavor to this awesome dish.  We asked for 6 wedges of lemon and squeeze them all on this dish, mix it around and wa la!!!  Pure DELICIOUSNESS!!!!  I must say this is the best pancit palabok I have eaten!  Lechon Kawali (Pan Roasted Pork)-roasted nicely with the right amount of crispiness to it.  Wasn't hard at all.  I usually get this at the chinese bbq restaurants, but this is a contender.  Wow, I am pleasantly surprise.  Love this.  Beef Caldereta (Filipino Beef Stew)-I recently decided to eat as little beef as possible, but I did try this.  The chunks of beef was tender, the stew was nice and comforting, with the yummy taste of different veggies that it was simmered in.  I somehow tasted a peanutty flavor, in which I was never a fan of peanuts.  However, this is still a nicely composed dish.    Pork Adobo-So good!  I love tender pork.  What can I say?  Who doesn't right?  Full of flavor.  Yummy!  Dinuguan (Pork blood stew)-The color may look scary to some (ME!), but it's a savory stew of blood and meat simmered in a thick, spicy gravy of pig blood, garlic, chili and vinegar.  I am one to experiment with food so I tried it.  It's bursting with flavors!    Halo Halo-This was yummy too!!!  It has the typical beans in the Halo Halo, the ice was easy to chew, and it has a scoop of halo halo ice cream on top.  It was missing the rice crispies though.  I found a small chunk of banana it it...which was a bit different then the ones I had at Goldilocks and Jollibee.  But I still enjoyed it.  The staff were very friendly and helpful. Food was flavorful...Love Them!!!!!!  Yay, this is my favorite Philipino Food Place!!!  Oh, and the 2 items with rice is only for $5.49...So cheap and yummy!!!!
I came back for more, but this time, they ran out of what I really wanted to eat or don't have what I've been looking for.  Binagoongan-this is pork in salted shrimp paste.  I really wanted to eat this dish, but they didn't cook it today either.  They did recommend me something that is kinda similar and gave me a taste of it but since there is a peanut butter taste, I didn't like too much.  Ok, that's fine, so I wanted the lechon, but they ran out :(  So for my two items with rice, I chose the safe route and got the pork adobo.  Yum yum like the first time.  For the second item, I asked the guy there whether the fried fish or intestine taste better, and he said the intestine.  It was kind of salty.  I kinda stayed away from this after a few bites.  These fried intestines could definitely be made with less salt.  Their lumpia shanghai was good.  Nice little appetizer to munch on.  I tried the melon cooler this time, and it was pretty decent.  I will order it again.  So lesson learned, call them prior to making a visit to see what they got cooking.  Service is still awesome.
Had lunch here today. The place is brand new; they are still setting up all their decorations. Well, maybe that's their Christmas stuff.  Anyway, it's your standard Filipino buffet-style layout. It was $5-something for two items with rice. I went with Menudo and Sinigang. I'm a bit of a quail egg addict, so when I saw all those quail eggs on top of the Menudo, I was sold. Unfortunately, I only got one. Boo. Both of the items were as good as I would hope. I also got their Melon drink (cantaloupe) and it was delicious.  I like the decor of the place. It feels friendly, inviting, and clean! They have a couple of TVs in the back - one for you to get your TFC or GMA or whatever fix and the other was playing ESPNews.  I like this place enough to return. It's a good drive from work, but it's on my lunch list.  3.5 stars (Sorry Teri C... I'm going to start biting your style... when necessary)
This place just opened up near my house so one day the BF and I stopped by for a snack: -2 Chicken Barbecue Sticks- Good but I think I would prefer it if my stick wasn't double dunked in the sauce- sauce overload but good -Lumpia (eggrolls)- Salty Good (I like salty, better than bland) The lumpia was good I look forward to trying the pancit and veggie eggrolls The inside is clean and service is fast- I can't stand the smell though- not a typical bad smell just a strong food smell- so I will take my food to go
Got homesick in the office this afternoon, and had a real hankering for some authentic Filipino food.  Luckily for me, it's right around the corner from my work.  Walked in, and  was actually impressed by the clenliness and decoration of the establishment.  They had a great selection on the steam table, and none of the food looked like it had been there for three days.  Got the sinigang, and they make it just how I love it, sour.  Will make this a regular lunch spot for sure.
Disclaimer:  This review is written by a non-Filipino....  I have eaten at Fiesta Filipina three times now.  The first time I was there, the pancit was the best I'd ever eaten, and the BBQ chicken was just marvelous.  I am a sucker for pancit, so I ate it the next 2 times I was there...but something had changed.  The 2nd time, it was so full of big celery chunks, that's about all that was in it.  The noodles were a lot thinner than before (and clumped together), and I literally had 2 small pieces of chicken in it.  The 3rd time it was better than the 2nd, but still not as good as the first time....I guess it depends on who makes it.  Also on our 3rd visit, my BBQ chicken was very cold.  My husband likes their lechon (sp?), and has had it twice.  He has also had the sinigang, and I tasted some.  (Honestly, I like my hubby's better, but he said it was good).  The fried plaintains (not sure the proper name for them) are wonderful!  Overall, I think (other than the pancit), that their portion size is just a bit on the small size.  Taste:  Pretty good, but some consistency issues.  The place looks very nice, although we have always gotten our food to go, so I cannot comment on how comfortable it is.  Will definitely go again.....but am losing patience on the consistency of their pancit.
It was my sons baptism after party and we needed some quick filipino food that wouldn't take all day. I heard great thing about this place and its right down the street. We ordered two orders of krispy pata, an order of pancit, an order of kalderata and all there turrone. It was 15 minutes, hot and tasty. Food was delicious and service was friendly.  Many filipino restaurants that I've experienced have really bland tasting food. That is probably made in huge, huge pots. But there are a couple great tasting filipino restaurants in LV and I'm glad. I am a fan. Thank you.
I've been waiting for a good Filipino food place since I've moved to Vegas (having refused to learn how to cook it properly myself).   This place is like a rebound SO; it won't replace your true love, but it helps ease the sting of not having them. Their food wasn't just like home cooking, but tasted close enough that I would come back.  For my first visit, I went very basic: Lumpia shanghai: Good recipe, but they need to either cook smaller batches or keep them warmer b/c lukewarm definitely decreases taste.  Sinigang beef: Nice moderate tamarind flavor that will be easily tolerated by the masses (my ideal sinigang is super sour, so I'm not going to knock points off because this one wasn't). Beef was very tender and fell right off the bones.   Turon: Same as the lumpia (need to keep these puppies warmer!). Also, would have liked to see some jackfruit mixed in to up the sweetness level.   Pancit bihon: Nice consistency to the noodles (not too soggy).   Nice ambiance inside too with the ABS-CBN blaring from a nice flatscreen. People unfamiliar w/ Filipino food beware: it's buffet style service a la Panda Express, but without the helpful placards telling you what the dishes are.
I had a craving for Filipino food after work, so I decided to finally make a visit to Fiesta Filipina Cuisine. I have been driving past this place and I was curious to try it.   I walked in and first noticed the shelves full of baked Filipino goods. I was really tempted to pick up several packages of kutchinta (orange sticky rice flour cake) or puto (white rice cake), but I had to refocus and remind myself why I was there.  I was there for fast, to-go Filipino food. And that is what I got. I was immediately greeted by the friendly lady behind the counter and she knew what I wanted. "Combination platter?" Yes, please.  Out of the 12 or so dishes, I chose my usual favs: kare kare (peanut sauce stew with oxtail/beef) and sinigang (a tamarind sour soup with beef and vegetables). I also got suckered into a large piece of toron (fried banana egg roll).  The food overall was pretty good. I can't help but compare it to my mom or lola's cooking. The sinigang was the best of it all. I'd go back for that alone. I was kind of disappointed that the kare kare didn't have tripe in it, but I can't blame them keeping it out for mainstream purposes. And the toron was a little burnt, but the taste wasn't bad.  In the end, I would return here to fulfill a spontaneous Filipino craving and to purchase some of those desserts on the shelves. I also saw that they have crispy pata, which really excites me. I wanted to order it then, but I couldn't justify buying that large delicious hunk of fried crispy pork all for myself. ...or can I?
I live near this place so if I'm ever desperate...it's a good default place.   I finally stopped by to try it and see if I will be coming here a lot.  I guess I will only go if I am around that area and if at all.   I park and the outside looks inviting.  Lots of decor that reminds me of home.  (Philippines)  The decor inside was very native and warm.  The place looks clean and the TV was on and OMG what a surpise TFC was on.  (I don't really care about the TFC part-lol) There was a guy behind the counter who was not very talkative until I asked for what i chose.   TILAPIA- good, crispy and was flour dipped which was nice and helped keep its crunchiness. MONGO- kinda thin, the pork fat was really more fat, lacked flavor, bland and had bokchoy (?).  I guess I''m used to ampalaya and spinach.   DINUGUAN-was not cooked enough and the "timpla" was not right.  I guess it was authentic since they used a lot of non-meaty parts (prob belly and and fatty stuff since it's cheaper). VEGETABLE LUMPIA-nice and big, however greasy and lacked flavor. PORK SIOPAO- all dough and not much filling.    You can tell where they skimped on quality and lack of taste.     I will try one more time and maybe different dish.  - then I'll just add an addendum to my review.
The ladies at Fiesta Filipina were very patient with me. As I pointed to something they described what it was.  I was very pleased with my selections.   I have had Pancit and Lumpia, so I was able to try something new.  I'm sorry but I don't know the names of the dishes, but I will do my best to try and explain what I got.  I got something like beef stew, w/ rice that was very good, along with some pork with gravy w/ rice, this was a little salty, but it was still good.   The lumpia was OK, and I loved the pancit.   I also got the fried banana's wasn't my cup of tea, I liked it without the bananas   I thought for all the food I got it was very reasonable!
What a wonderful surprise.  This is my first time trying Filipino food.  If you like Chinese, Indian, Thai, and Spanish food you'd love Filipino food as much as I did. The decor, the servers, the cook, even the clients seemed to be very Filipino.   I Tried the Lumpiang Shanghai (similar to spring rolls), Beef Caldereta (super soft beef in tomato sour stew), and Sinigang na Baboy ( lime based soup with super soft chunks of pork)  I'm definitely coming back...
I LOVE FIESTA FILIPINA. me and my plus 1, went 3 days in 1 week once! i they're setup is buffet line and you pick and choose your selections. each menu item may be a different price, but they also have combination plates. had different selections every time i went and thats what fun about this place, every time you come try something different! pork bbq sticks are juicer and have more flavor than chicken bbq sticks. rice of course and sinagang (soup) they make it just like how my grandma use to make it! the soup itself is complimentary so ask for just the broth and soak your rice! the other times, we ordered fried fish and he ordered fried pork.. i'm not a fan of fried pork but fried fish with the soy sauce/ lemon tasted so good! their palabok (white noodle, orange sauce) i was very disappointed in. dry and not enough flavor, there wasn't chicaron (pork grinds) to add on top of the dish, which usually gives the noodle dish a crunch. some must have: sinagang, pancit (dried noodles), and turon (jackfruit and banana glazed eggroll) =) it's great that they open this location in henderson. my parents are pleased that this cuisine is bringing out the filipino in me!
Glad they opened this location so that I don't have to drive all the way up to the one on Jones and Desert Inn!  The food was fresh. Ordered a juicy tasting pork skewer, pancit canton, and beef steak. I was skeptical and picky about trying the vegetable lumpia because my mom's is my favorite but this one was also good as well. Will come here the next time I need my filipino food fix!
Fiesta Filipina is another good Filipino restaurant gone bad.  I was in love with this place when it first opened!  Everything about this restaurant was legit, from the theme, food and decor. Not baduy, or bakya at all, looking classy with all the Filipino paintings/decor. After more trips, and a few months later it went down the same horrible path as other Filipino restaurants.  Shit service and a shittier smell.   The service is always good, unless you get the female worker.   Beware of the female worker!!!  Trust, she is not hard to spot.  She's the cashier queen.  -Tore up from the floor up -Caked up face thicker than the earths crust. -The most vibrant, electric, blinding eyeshadow.   Whenever she takes our order, or rings us up she always rushes.  Rushing leads to confusion, confusion leads to pissed off customers and bad reviews.  She kept on saying "extra charge for credit,  so i give turon .50 cents, .50 cents!!" In her mind that means, I'll say the charge is .50 cents, but its really a few bucks, and I wont give you any turon- ___-     I felt raped, robbed and broke after leaving the restaurant.  The food was shit too.   -Barbecue is good. But  DONT use the same brush you use to baste raw meat, to baste the cooked ones too :) Big mistake and health hazard.   -Carioka was hard, tough to chew and over priced.  -Ukoy was (excuse my language) the worst fucking shit ever. Honestly, do yourselves a favor and never make it again.  Paste is what it is, thick pasty batter that was slightly fried.  -Puto was pasty, and a few were rotten, before the sell by or expire date.  I guess if you need a Filipino food fix, come to this place early, and stick to simple dishes.
These guys are also fast and excellent when I order takeout food. Their lumpia shanghai platter is not only cheaper than at Goldilock's but is also cheaper.
I must say I've never given a 1 star rating to any business until now, but I just had to this time for this restaurant. We went there on Sunday July 17, 2011. The food was actually pretty good, we ordered the pork and chicken barbecue, mongo, pork adobo, halo halo, lechon, and a few other dishes.   I was with a group of 6 people, and after we ate here 5 out of 6 of us got sick from the food. Diarrhea, Fever, Chills, and puking. I rarely get food poisoning from restaurants, so something must of been seriously wrong with their cleanliness. We also noticed that most of the food we ordered was cold, (except for the rice) we think that was the reason we got food poisoning. It's highly possible that the cold food had some sort of parasites causing us to get ill. Luckily my pregnant wife was the only one who did not get sick, even our 1 year old niece got sick, so NOT worth it.  I will NEVER go back to this place. Fiesta Filipina Cuisine, please heat your food properly otherwise you are a health hazard.
Food: The typical stews and stir-fry's are good, but I have to recommend the Barbecue. You can see them grill it behind the counter. The meat is tender, and the BBQ sauce is really good.  Service: Cafeteria style. Don't expect much.  Ambience: Typical Filipino fast-food asthetic: tacky.
Ok so my hubby decided to eat out for dinner tonight as the food he was cooking would not be ready for quite some time and we were both hungry.  Since our last visit to a filipino restaurant was lacking the flavors he is used to he wanted to go to Fiesta for a redemption on the steak and onions that he last had at another filipino restaurant.  The following is what we ordered:  Steak and Onions: The steak was thinly cut and tender while the onions  freshly laid on top.  Some of the onions had been marinating in the sauce so it was a tad soggy.  The sauce was just right and exactly how he liked it.  Lechon: small a la carte is enough to feed two people so it was a good sized portion for both of us.  Some pieces were a little too well done as it had a burnt taste.  Pork Adobo:  Now this was one oily, greasy dish!  The server put so much oil with the pork that looking at it made me nauseas.  Beef Calderetta (sp?): This is always my favorite and tonight was no different.  The beef was tender and fell apart to the touch.  The potatoes, carrots and red bell peppers were also just right as they hadn't been sitting there for too long.  Turon: overly sweet.  Seemed like it had been soaking in sugar and then fried.  The wrapper was covered in carmelized sugar.  I've had turon before and a good turon does NOT need to be drenched in sugar...my 4 year old liked it...maybe because he thought it was candy.  Overall our experience here is average.  The service is so so.  Wish they would give more rice as it seems their scoop is extra small...and you know you need rice with every filipino dish!  Will definitey be going back there again.
Been there two times. First time was the bomb, younger guy heck of nice.  2nd time not so great younger gal kind of rude. Food is great but need to work on customer service. :(
Zero stars and 2 thumbs down. Talk about poor customer service.  I entered this restaurant and no warm greeting or welcome. The flies fled on the food as well as in the vicinity of the entire restaurant  as if it was a breeding ground for this insects I nearly gagged. A friend recommended this fast food filipino restaurant to my family and I, so I  decided to give it a try. The workers behind the counter a buff young gentleman took our order quick to response to any questions I had to ask about the food selections and dishes as if I was a bother and inconvenience.No smiles but big frown is all my family and I were given. It was time to pay and a younger thin Asian younger lady at the cashier displayed  the same poor customer skills. I think she got a little irritated as we asked her our drink options and our orders was mixed up with another order that was charged by error.When we got our food and sat the flies travelled in numbers as we lost our appetite and took the food to go.  I will not be returning to this restaurant anytime soon. Thanks for the poor customer service skills I hope you take the time to train your family employees the true meaning of Customer Service.
I was such a fan of the restaurant on Jones and used to go there everyday for lunch. My office moved and it became out of the way, that's why I was so excited once they opened this one on Rose Parkway. Everything from the Lumpia to the Halo-Halo is amazing. I love pretty much all the items on the menu so it's difficult to choose each time I go. I get the Barbecue A LOT! So Good!! We threw a retirement party there for my co-worker last month, the staff was so accommodating and made sure everything was perfect. They treat you like family if you've been there once or a hundred times. If you are looking for authentic Filipino food and fantastic service, look no further, this is the place.
Crisy Pata FTW!!!! We always have to order a large for the table or for home along with whatever combos we get.  Its a must try.  Dip with the soy sause that they provide or the lechon sauce.
Ewie Ewie Ewieeee PASS ! Service was friendly though .
food here is pretty good. Have to go with someone that knows there Filipino food or you wont know what your getting. Small place all homemade and fresh. Items on the menu that they carry are the fast moving items. You can sit inside and eat as well as take out.    we dined in and saw the place fill up twice, like line out the door. Not that many people dined in that night we were there.    I would go back just for the BBQ Pork and Adobo. very good.
Great place to eat. Its very clean, some filipino restraunts are dirty. The food is off the chain!!!!
I'm from Cali here on vacay, heard about this place from some friends who live out here. Jon greeted us the second we walked thru the door and the staff was very quick, professional, and happy! The food was hands-down one of the best I've had in a long time and the place was cute and clean. The BBQ chicken, taro leaves, cantelope juice, and halo halo were my favs!!! One of the employees even stopped by our table to ask how our food was and if we needed anything. I will def b stopping by here every time I'm in town!!! Def a must GO!
Next best thing to homemade
Ahhh-haaaaa. A Filipino restaurant, actually, close to me!  So close that I've eaten here for lunch 4 days in a row.   I always seem to come here right before noon; and because of that I always catch them in the makings of my favorite item there: BBQ PORK BELLY!!!!!!!!!!  Mmmmm, just thinking about it makes my mouth water. Because I come here as they're making it, they always seem to remember me. I guess have my cute nephew with me is, also, hard to forget.  This spot, also, had thee best crispy pata. Crispy Pork! I just love the sauce they have with it, too. It's a vinegar, soy sauce, chili goodness that I love to dip anything into.  Took my mom here 3/4 times and another friend the last time. My mom now requires me to take her here when I'm off.  My nephew LOVES their cantaloupe juice. And my haole friend loves it, too.  Excited to live closer to this spot. Although, I'm sure I'll have to buy bigger sized jeans because of it.
My co-workers and I went here for lunch today. I have read mixed reviews on yelp so wanted to try this place for myself. The food is pretty good. I had the fried tilapia which is a pretty good sized fish and the pork adobo. I also tried the BBQ chicken on a stick. It was good. And the Pancit Palabok was good too but it took them 30 minutes to get that out to the table.  The decor of the restaurant was ok. The only drawback of the restaurant which will keep me from going back is the service. The cashier was stone faced and rude and the people serving the food was rude as well. They really need to brush up on their customer service skills.
We use to like this place which maybe masked the poor customer service until it became apparent that they have none. We went there for the last time and we will NEVER go back. They act like their $h!t don't stink. I absolutely HATE stuck up people behind the counter thinking like we owe them something or they are too good to be serving us.  WTF we are not just paying for the food but the overall experience and you guys/gals need to learn how to have decent customer service. Too bad. Good luck and peace out!
I was not planning on coming back to this restaurant but a Filipino friend of  mine was in town and she wanted to try it. The food was good, as it was the last time I was there, the service was even better. The stone faced cashier was not there. It was nice friendly guy this time and it made the experience a lot better. The people dishing out the food seemed nice this time around too.
Filipino food super close to my house in Henderson... shooooooot.  i even took my boy from manilla here, and we went nuts on some pretty good pinoy grub.  the GRUB: - chicken adobo... salty, soury, peppery chicken stew... a good version of a very philippine food staple... mix the sauce in your rice with a little patis for the real deal. - chicken bbq stick... red like tocino or char siu sauce, sweet and charred over fire... very tasty - they dont have Sisig on the line up ever (because you have to order it in advanced only) but they do have lechon kawali - fried pork belly - which is pretty dang awesome with hot white rice and mang thomas sauce - lumpia (shanghai) was standard fare - dip in the spicy jufran for a kick - my friend ordered chicharon bulaklak and mung-go beans... and said it reminded him so much of home... it was that good - HIGHLIGHT: CRISPY PATA !!! nothing like the picture on the wall... made to order (done in like 5 mins) - but a deliciously deep fried pig hip with crispy chicharon skin, soft roasted-like pork meat on the inside, and on the bone w tendon attatched for extra eats - so much flavor... it is accompanied with a house dipping sauce of soy sauce, vinegar, garlic and hot chilis... so awesome. - turon (banana fritter), babinka especial (rice cake with cream cheese), leche flan (caramel custard), halo halo (filipino shaved ice and ice cream sundae), and calimansi or ube or mango shake... all yummy choices for dessert - they have canned soda only (booooooo!!!) - but at least they have sarsi soda... or the fresh cantaloupe juice drink.  the JOINT: - best comment from my manilla friend: "ferds, this might be the cleanest pilipino restaurant ive been to here in the states... actually, anywhere for that matter." - plenty of seating, plenty of light - very filipino decor... including a small seating section that looks like a backyard (barrio) fiesta / straw islander hut / hawaiian lanai - there should be alot of available parking in the strip mall - 3 46" LCDs - usually showing TFC, but i have seen sports on too - like the NFL playoffs (49ers) or NBA games (Lakers)  the SQUEEZE: - about $9 for the combo and the drink - $14 for the crispy pata - but i think it feeds a family of 4 - ha! - everyone if very helpful and friendly - cash and card is accepted  FINAL SAY: for Henderson, especially right off of Eastern and St Rose Pkway... this is a great find... and probably a good place to meet single pinay nurses on lunch break from the Hospital across the street. ha!
I normally do not like going to filipino restaurants because I've been to many and it just isn't like home cooked food.    I decided to go to Fiesta Filipina because it's just a block away from my work and I had to have that filipino food fix.  OMG, this is the first time I had filipino food that tasted like it was home cooked.  I loved it!  The sinigang was awesome!  The BBQ Pork was to die for!  The pork adobo was yummy!  I loved it!  The only problem I have is it's too close to my work and I now I'm going to be craving filipino food more often.  Gotta try it!
Food is absolutely delicious and prices are reasonable! I definitely like coming here for my Filipino food fix..
cleanest!
This was my first experience eating Filipino food.  I found the staff to be very helpful and were happy to describe various dishes to me.  The food ended up being delicious and was very reasonably priced.  I will go back soon.
Nice and decent food. Big portion and affordable!!!
Today was the first time I've visited Fiesta Filipina.  A friend at work suggested we try this place for lunch and being that I'm Filipino, I thought, well why not?!  When we got here, I noticed that there was a huge spread of food behind the counter.  Reminded me of some Panda Express, Filipino style.  I saw a lot of my favorites, like Pinakbet (most common pork "stew" with fish sauce and veggies such as bitter melon, eggplant, okra, tomatoes, etc.), Sari Sari (what I'm used to is similar to pinakbet without the bitter melon and add small dried shrimp), Dinaguan (blood sausage) and Adobo (today's choice was chicken).  They offer a  2 choice combo with rice for around $6-$7.  Here's what I got:  Choice 1:  Lechon- Crispy fried pork chunks.  To me, food is better when there's more marbleization.  In this case, lechon is PACKED with fat.  I think it's a great thing, but if you're not used to it, might be a turn off.  The lechon has a very crispy skin with lots of fat, topped off with tender pork meat.  They serve this choice with a sweet lechon dipping sauce which ties the meal very nicely together :)  Choice 2: BBQ Pork skewers.  Sliced pork, kabob style, grilled and drenched in a red, sweet BBQ type sauce.  This was great choice because of the BBQ/Grill combination.  They have a chicken skewer if you choose that route.    AMBIANCE:  The place is packed with food.  Food everywhere.  Desserts, snacks, business cards.  Everywhere you look there's something new.  A little busy in my opinion, but something I expect from my heritage LOL.  There's a back part of the restaurant that looks like a very cheesy bamboo hut with the words, "mabuhay!"  Must we be so cliche?! LOL.  For the price and the amount of food you get, it's definitely worth it.  I haven't even begun to crack the surface on the amount of the choices they offer.  I will definitely be back to sample more delicious entrees.
This place is an amazing place to get your Filipino fix.  They have great kari kari, and caldereta.  The huge heaps of rice are appreciated but certainly not necessary.  They also have a small selection of baked goods at the front.  I personally do not care for this brand of pandesal but the kutsinta was pretty good.  If you like filipino food, or are just looking for something different try this place.  They are super friendly, and will explain what each dish is
Not really my fav place to go but it is decent. My taste in Filipino food is different whenever i eat here. Other filipino restaurants style of cooking their food appeals more to me.
Great lumpia. Not so great service. Maybe it's because I don't speak tigalig.
Crispy pata a must in this place! if you have party they can cater to your needs.
I only put 1 stars because the server was so rude. He was in a hurry to go somewhere I suppose? I arrived around 2pm. I ordered pork and chicken bbq sticks. NOT enough flavor, and they were COLD. Which mean the warmers that they are using are not hot enough to keep the food at the correct temperature. I was going to purchase some sweet bread, but they looked old and the bread was already hard. So why sell something that's old? I would be so embarrass if I was the owner of this restaurant. You represent Filipino cuisine in Henderson...take pride in your business. Perhaps then more then 4 people will be eating in your restaurant and you wouldn't have so much leftovers to reheat and serve again....Needless to say, I will NOT be back, nor would dare take a friend or family member here to eat. Save your money and go somewhere else.
Good stuff nuff said. I never leave this place with out a happy belly. =)
Fiesta Filipina is a great restaurant to try filipino food.. When I am here i usually order the BBQ pork with rice for only $5.95 and i usually get a side Lumpia Shanghai for like an extra 4.95.. If you dont like those they have all kinds of filipino dishses form veggies to pork, beef, to longanisa.. I really love this place cause its a quick in and out place and love how its located near my house. This place is located across St. Rose Hospital on the corner of St. Rose parkway and Eastern..  Try now if your interested in tryinging filipino food!
This is good FIlipino food.  Friendly, louder atmosphere - two competing tv stations on four screens.   It is your typical turo-turo style filipino restaurant.  2 scoops of rice and 2 dishes.  Fiesta lacks a little consistency, but when it is good - the Mungo is really good, the BBQ and the caldereta. They had a case of mango yesterday that had more wrinkles than old elephants arse.  Skip the bakery goods and produce - they do not understand fresh rotations.  Keep them FRESH!
This is the place I go for pinoy food....i have tried several places and this place is always clean and the staff is always helpful. I go here at least 5 times a month and we always cater for our parties. Everyone so far that we take here loves the food.
This is a great place for filipino food. The prices are fair and they are always busy at lunch. I have always come at odd times so I avoid the line as much as possible. I come here for the BBQ chicken kabobs and lumpia. They are really to die for. My whole family consumes them like candy. The only problem I ever have is that there are no signs indicating what each vat of meat and sauce could be. For a non-asian like myself, its be hard to know what these dishes are just by sight. Unfortunately when you ask and are told what it is, I still don't know what it is.   Regardless, this place is my top filipino food find and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal.
Heard about this place for a long time so I checked it out today for lunch!   Walked in, clean and nice... You order from a buffet line. Not knowing Filapina food, its a bit difficult to look and order.   So I ordered what looked familiar, BBQ and pancit (stir fry noodle)  I also order a fried patty that had bean sprouts, carrots and a shrimp in the middle. Not sure of the name, but I am always open to trying new things.   The BBQ pork was tasty along with the noodles. The fried patty was cold, and chewy. They did offer a vinegar sauce which was good on it.   The staff was very friendly. I look forward to going back again and trying something else.
This place is quite aways from the Strip but it was well worth the drive. Food was very good but a couple dishes were not to our liking, that is the reason for four star rating.       The service was very friendly and helpful. Restaurant was very clean, especially when compared to other Filipino restaurants I have been to..  BBQ chicken kabobs were the best as well as Lentil beans.
Fiesta Filipina is a hidden gem in Henderson. It just happened that we decided to spend a couple of nights here before we check in to an extended stay hotel in Las Vegas during our recent move from TX. So my mom was craving some good Filipino food near the end of our road trip. Fiesta Filipina was the closest to the hotel so there we went.   The place was a decent size if you compare it to a typical "turo-turo" restaurant. Plenty of chairs and a couple of TVs were seen airing local Philippine news and soap operas. Nice inviting traditional decor. Plenty of parking as well. The staff behind the counter greeted us with warm smiles and asked us what we want in rapid fire Tagalog. I can understand why non-Filipinos can be a bit intimidated upon entering the premises. There was a Caucasian couple behind us who couldn't decide what they want right away, and the staff quickly shifted gears to explain the dishes as best as they can.   (On that note: I can't understand why they don't provide a sign next to the dish so it'll save them the time and trouble explaining things to those who are unfamiliar with Filipino food? I've lived in California for nearly 8 years and nobody ever does this! A simple index card with basic ingredients can be a quick solution)  Let's move on to the food. Crispy pata (roasted pig) - flavorful, crispy, delicious.This is a good dish to share with a group of people.  Pansit (rice stick noodles w/ pork belly strips, veggies, and shrimp) - good flavor, the veggies were not soggy and just enough saltiness Dinuguan (pork blood stew) - I don't eat this but my husband had rave reviews. Pork/Chicken BBQ skewers - great flavor w/ good amount of meat on the sticks Lumpia (fried pork spring rolls) - decent, only because my husband makes the best homemade lumpias :-) Sinigang (tamarind soup) - above average; sour enough with generous servings of (your choice of fish or meat here) Ginisang Munggo (sauteed mung beans w/ pork belly & other veggies) - yummy! Kare-kare (oxtail soup w/ peanut sauce) - very good  The prices are more than fair. We recently brought our aunt and her friends here visiting from Maryland and for a group of 10 people you can expect to pay $120 including drinks with plenty of leftovers to take home. If you liked the soups, you can always ask them for a complimentary second serving (without the meat) just like we do in the Philippines ("Kuya, pahingi pa po ng sabaw!"). I thought the overall ambiance was excellent, and they checked in on us once or twice to see how everything was. There is also a pastry/bread cart by the entrance where you can try various sweets such as pastillas (sweet milk candies), polvoron, mamon (french sponge cake) and yema.   If someone would ask me where to go for a taste of good Filipino cuisine, I would not hesitate one bit to point them to Fiesta Filipina. It is the next best thing to home cooked Filipino meals.
The Longinisa is my favorite the quantity is a lot I couldn't finish my plate and the service is very fast as all the food is ready to go, but It is a little greasy
Been to this place a few times over the last 2 years and it was pretty decent up until recently when I ordered the Beef Caldereta and the meat was spoiled.. And the wife got the bisteak that also tasted old and spoiled.. Very disappointed.
Decided to give this place another shot and the food seems to have gotten better.. Maybe they just got a bad shipment of beef that day.. Check your supplier guys..
Great filipino food. Their krispy pata is definitely the best in town. Everything else i've ever had has been top quality.
Today was the second time me & my husband came here to eat. We will never come back here again! The older employees are RUDE! They don't even acknowledge you. They leave you hanging there as if its such a hassle to serve you. Their food is not even great! It's so oily and no taste and expensive! Thank goodness Nanay Gloria's just opened a block away from this place.
When I'm homesick or been longing for some FIlipino food, I typically visit Fiesta Filipina as its just about a 5 minute drive for me. It's a nice spacious turo-turo style restaurant, playing TFC or some filipino channel. Fairly soild spot considering Las Vegas isn't necessarily a hub for awesome Filipino food (go to LA or the Bay Area for that). However if you're in the area its worth going to if you've been havin' a hankering for the cuisine. 3.5 stars rounding up.
Another great place to get filipino food in Henderson. Food is very good and the place is nice and clean. A great alternative if you're not feeling like having a buffet (from the other filipino restaurant down the street). Prices are fair and staff is friendly. But the dish to get here is the CRISPY PATA! (Deep Fried Pork Hock--it may sound unappetizing, but don't knock it until you try it) If you need to get your pata fix, this is the place.
Best bbq pork stick in town!!   Tried it at many location but nothing come even close to fiesta. The bbq pork is pack with flavor and very tender. Whenever we throw a party at the house we usually order a tray of 50 sticks, that's how good they are.       I love the way fiesta look on the inside, nicely decorated make you feel like your in phillipines. Fiesta has 2 location, both places serve good food but I prefer the one down south on ST. ROSE, its alot closer to the house. Overall good filipino food with ok service.
I've been going here for the past year and I absolutely LOVE this place for my beefsteak fix....yeah i know it's not spelled that way, but that's how i say it and that's how i'm gonna spell it! lol. I've tried other items, but nothing has come close to what I'm used to with my mom's cooking, so I stick to the best of the best of their items - the beefsteak. Thinly sliced meat with onions in the oh-so tasty lemon/soy sauce concoction.  Everytime we go here, this is all i ever order - that is until I saw a sign for a new item they have - lechon manok.  mmmmm.....ok, this is a must try for me - along with the crispy pata which i've been lagging on trying. So, I could be wrong, maybe one of these items will move up to take the reign! Cute restaurant - love the little hut decor that separates their dining area. Was just there yesterday and going back today after work to pick up one of them rotisserie chickens (lechon manok). Not sure if there is new management, but kudos to Fiesta Filipina for responding to sub-par reviews and attempting to provide better customer satisfaction - nice touch, because even though you might not know it, yelp customers do check to see if restaurants do acknowledge or even make changes to address issues that are brought up and looks like Fiesta Filipina is doing just that!  Keep up the good work...   6/29 - just wanted to update that we tried the lechon manok and it's an easy pass.  Costco and Wal-Mart have way better rotisserie chicken.  Still a great place though.
I had my daughter's 1st birthday party catered by Fiesta Filipina.  I've had some bad Filipino food in Las Vegas so I almost gave up on the idea, but I wanted to incorporate my culture into her birthday.  A friend recommended this place, so I gave it a shot.  It was soooooooooooooo delicious!  Being half Filipina myself, I grew up on this food.  But, a lot of my friends in Las Vegas are multi-cultural (most are not Filipino), so I ordered what I thought more "white" people would enjoy.  Lumpia BBQ pork skewers BBQ chicken skewers Pancit Chop suey (in case there were any vegetarians) Lechon (my favorite indulgence)  Everything was outstanding!  Even the guests were raving about it and asking where I got it.  Definitely will go back for a regular meal.  It's a drive for me, but worth it!
Good combo dishes... Excellent fried pata!!! Super yummy!!
They have the best Bangus Sisig I've ever had!!! Truly the BEST Filipino restaurant in Las Vegas and Henderson!!!!  I tried a lot  of other places for the past 6 years I've been here and this is our favorite Filipino restaurant. Worth the drive if you want quality Filipino food, reasonable price, clean, and great ambience.  Friendly staff too!
Yelp 100 Challenge * 94/100  Cantaloupe juice.   Can you say thirst quencher?  I've been to other location before for when our Filipino food cravings kicked in but have to admit I like this one better. It just seemed brighter and more authentic. The colors and decos gave the buffet-style restaurant a more festive atmosphere.   My friend and I didn't get a chance to stay too long. We were in a hurry to get to a dry cleaning place and get some clothes so we basically had our orders in - 2 cantaloupe juices! - and made a run for it. The drink felt like summer in my mouth with a touch of sugar to compliment the natural fruit flavors.   Just so you know, this was hand made and it was not the only option. There was also calamansi and lychee juices! Guyabano and buco (coconut) were packaged in a drink box so I'd assume they're sweeter with added artificial flavors.   Couldn't forget how great the place smelt as we walked out to the door! Hoping to come back for a real meal one day!
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #8  We found ourselves at Fiesta Filipina for our 8th Halo-Halo taste test.  I can't believe that we just started this challenge last week and we are now only 2 contenders away from completing this challenge.    Terri and I met up with Ian A for this challenge.  We had some eats, but our primary reason for this stop was obvious...how is their Halo-Halo? Fiesta Filipina has a regular Halo-Halo for $3.99 and their special for $4.99.  The only difference between the two is ube ice cream.  Since we are maximizing our craving, we decided on the special of course.   So, what's in this special Halo-Halo.  You get ube ice cream (two scoops), condensed milk, shave ice, nata de coco, macapuno, pinipig, azuki (red beans), white beans, and some legit ube.  This is our only 2nd stop that had real ube in it.  What's missing is the flan and lanka.  After mixing my Mix-Mix and sampling it, I already knew that Fiesta's Halo-Halo is ranking up there in my book.  The ice was just right, taste superb, and the mix was almost perfect.  I stress almost perfect because flan was the one missing ingredient that I was looking for.  By the way, you can order flan on the side (about $5) and add to it if flan is a must have in your Halo-Halo.  On a side note, I did have some food here too.  The ambiance of this restaurant reminds me of the Flip joints in SF, SoCal, and Daygo.  I loved it and felt at home.  But I wasn't too impressed with the food.  The food is cheap and for $5.29 you can get two Chicken BBQ Sticks with rice. Sounded and looked appealing, but I'm no fan of rubbery chicken.   Overall, I am a fan of their Halo-Halo and see myself coming back just that. Food...well, that's a different story.  PS:  One thing I learned during this quest for our favorite Halo-Halo in the valley is that real spoons (not the flimsy plastic ones) are ideal when mixing your Halo-Halo. These plastic spoons work like catapults when you're mixing your Halo-Halo. Last thing I want is an ube shot in the face.  Stay hungry, my friends.    2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE: Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
Enjoyed it even more on our second trip! Think it will be among our go-to bookmarked spots! The two item combo with rice is only $5.99 and is plenty for one... We each get one with different items and share. Love the BBQ pork!!
I was more than excited when I heard there's a location near hm that serves pata. I've been in search for a place that serves pata and couldn't wait to try it out.   I came in on a Monday and was surprised they're busy for being a weekday before lunch hour. I ordered a pata which was $17.99 and a few vegetable items. The food was kept in a warmer similar to fast food joints. I added rice for an additional fee. It's served fast food style. The employees here needs to be more helpful since I don't speak their language. I feel like I'm treated with less respect than their people. The employees here are extra nice to the philipino's that walk through the door and I get the stare.  The food came out cold and the pata wasn't hot to order as claimed. Seemed like they went in back to the kitchen to bring out an order of pata that was cooked earlier and re heated. I was disappointed cause my pata was flavor less, cold, and greasy.   It took me 15 minutes to wave the employees down to get a togo box. Another 5 minutes to get it. 15minutes to get my desert which was another disappointment.   I paid $5 for a cup of halo halo. A cup of 90% ice and 10% mixed crap to be exact. I wonder if giving this place 3 stars is being over generous.
I've gone a few times craving something like KARE KARE or pata etc.... Always reheated, or not available you get the "stare" and the prices for each thing sucks! I give it two stars because at least they tried to establish something decent but fail to follow through with quality product.
Its not the best, but it's the closest. Two things that are consistent are the bbq skewers and crispy pata. Everything is either oily, too salty or rice is soggy.
Past 2 times I've come to this place around 10am in the morning they stopped serving eggs with the silog dishes...WTF!!!! McDonald's stops a 11am!!!  Yet...their food counter had all the silogs and garlic fried rice...that's just BLASPHEMY!!! You lost paying customers twice already for this reason.  If you fix this situation, please let me know. I'm Filipino and I love my Filipino Food...but that is just wrong.
Service could be better.  One of the food servers  wiped his nose with his hands and proceeded to serve food to customers.  Gross!   The food looks like it sits all day.  Better to eat there in the morning, when its fresh.  The bbq is soaked in a sauce that is quite disgusting.  They think it keeps the meat moist, what keeps the meat moist is to not burn the meat and dry it out.  I ordered bbq today and it was burned, dry and full of carcinogens. My total was under $6.40 and they charge a $.50 fee for debit purchases under $10.  Which is fine, but the lady charged me $7.00. Is it really that difficult to punch in $6.90?  Wow, nickel and diming people.  It sucks this is the only Filipino restaurant on this side of town.   I am Americanized and if you don't respond in Tagalog they tend to give you an unpleasant attitude.  I hate that, I don't control where I was born or raised.  Get over it.  #hater
Filipino food always sounds good to me and I don't always feel up to cook. My bf chose this place nearby, I was hesitant.  Lots of people in and out. This was a good sign. Walking in I was reminded of back home with family, comfortable smell of Filipino food. It was pretty busy. You line up and choose the items you'd like before you pay and take your food to sit down and eat. I wanted a little bit of everything.  I chose Fried Bangus (milkfish) around $11. I had that with rice and a small order of lumpia shanghai (7 pieces). They have a table with all of the necessary condiments available from banana ketchup, vinegar, fish sauce to name a few. Everything I needed was there. Overall the food was average, but satisfying.  The lumpia wasn't really crispy.  I drank calamansi juice just because it isn't something I have everyday.  It was good, a little sweet.  My boyfriend and I felt comfortable and cozy watching The Filipino Channel playing on one of their many tvs. Luckily there was English subtitles (why didn't I use subtitles as a kid?). This was great because I am Americanized and my boyfriend is Vietnamese so we both needed the translation.  We enjoyed the drama that was playing on TV.  Before leaving we ordered halo halo.  It was wonderful!   The ube(taro) ice cream, the wafer it was a good finish to my meal.  Would come back.
Nice people, small but dining area was clean. There are some cooked to order items but it's mainly food served up from heating trays, not sure how long it's been sitting out  either.    Got 3 items off the buffet sat down to eat, took a bite of pancit and it tasted a little off like noodles were spoiled, it smelled that way too. Ended up  throwing away my meal and walking out . I don't think I'll  be back..eww no.
Took em down a star for their rude azz f*ck pushy attitudes behind the counter. I told you already, I don't want them old azz lumpias that been sitting there all day! Sheesh.  Since Kucina Ni Lorraine Express opened up on Bermuda I've been taking my azz there instead lately.
Fast filipino food. Lately been getting soggy rice. Uhg. Food is ok not the most amazing but its difficult to replicate home cooked filipino food.
Went here twice during my most recent Vegas trip. The staff is friendly and the place is very clean. The atmosphere is great - I love the decor.   I've noticed some reviewers saying that the food probably isn't fresh. In my two visits, I arrived in the morning for breakfast so I can't say anything about the freshness of the food throughout the day. The food was definitely good and fresh when I was there. I had pansit, garlic fried rice, longanisa, adobo, barbecue, a coconut pork dish (ugh! I'm sorry I don't know the name right now), and some fish. So unhealthy (not something Filipino food is known for so whatever!), but so yummy. Oh! And I cannot forget the delicious melon juice which is packed with melon.  There is also some self-service water and coffee. Coffee was good, but the water tasted off to me. This wasn't the only time in Vegas I tasted 'meh' water (the other times were at buffets at the Strip)..
When this location first opened, this was the place to go for Filipino food in the area. The food always looked fresh and appetizing.  I've been here twice in the last month and the food looked like it was leftovers that have been reheated way too many times. Not sure how this could possibly pass any health inspection.  This used to be my go-to place for fast Filipino take out. Not anymore. A few other places have popped up in the area, and although they might be a bit pricier, I'm fine as long as the quality of the food is better.
READ THIS-Food is tasty but do take out.   *Key to happiness when eating here.   Cook rice before you leave the house, their rice is soggy.
Great food, friendly people and the prices are really good too.
Only ate their Halo-Halo and was very satified. Plan on going back for a sit-down lunch very soon.  Actually went there last night in hopes of getting some pork sisig to eat during the Pacquioa fight. Was too late, as it was all gone.
The 5 stars is for the chicken bbq skewers.  The best ever!!!!  We order them in bulk Everytime we have guests and they all love it as much as we do.
There is nothing sadder when one has a bad experience in a food place.  The first time could be a fluke.  But for another incident......it will be the last time I go there. *The first time was when I chose their griled squid.  I don't remember if it was to be stuffed or not.  But when we got home- it was stuffed all right!!!!  Stuffed still with it's guts/innards and as I cut into it....it leaked out some greenish black liquid.  That was so gross and c/u the place to let 'em know.  I think they just said bring in the receipt and they will give me a refund.  I've given them a couple chances and it was ok.   **But now......that was the last time we will be going there.  I ordered a Taro Boba Drink but no pearls avail.  Which is ok BUT........as we were driving home...I kept smelling like this garlic scent.  Then as the ice melted in my mouth...I feel this garlic piece on my tongue.  FRICKIN' GROSS!!!!  Just to make sure I squished it between my fingers and it was FRESH GARLIC.   Now I don't know if maybe the garlic fell in the ice or the dude (which for now remains nameless-depends on  what the manager says tomorrow when I complain since he is not there right now)  if maybe the dude just smooshed garlic before making my drink.  Regardless of any situation......it is just plain GROSS.    I will update my review after I speak with the manager tomorrow.   I am furious since the place is quite a drive.    Now I gotta find another FILIPINO EATERY.
Food is just ok.. It used to be good but somehow the quality of their food is not great. Service is AWFUL when managers and owners are not around. I never felt welcome here.
For a very casual dining restaurant this place is good. This is not sit down,order off the menu place ( as are most Filipino restaurants in the valley), but more of you order a combo plate.   I usually come here just to order to go. My family has eaten inside as well and we do enjoy it. The atmosphere is casual and the place is clean.   They always have a pretty good variety of food. My husband (who isn't filipino) doesn't mind coming here at all since they always have BBQ.
I just exited the freeway and there was their big sign facing the street, Filipino Food! Great timing, I decided to stop by.  Restaurant was roomy and staff were very nice. The place is new, opened a week ago. They did inform me of another location much smaller.  My order:  Lechon Kawali: Flavorful, skin was great, not too fatty  Sinigang na pork: Soup wasn't as sour as they traditionally are, meat not so tender but it did satisfy  Overall, not bad.. I will try their pancit and adobo next time around just cause its the actual name of the store!
I thoroughly enjoyed my take-out experience at Pancit Adobo. The ladies working the front of the restaurant were warm and welcoming and aided me in ordering since I was a little confused.  Just so everyone is aware, they have 1 and 2 item combos - a couple of things on the menu are excluded from the combo plates but they will inform you of that as soon as you order it. I brought home a two item plate with milkfish (low bone content), lechon, and I also ordered talong (eggplant omelet w/pork. All very good and closer to Centennial Hills.
I had the garlic rice with lechon and adobo. I was in heaven. This would have been a 5 star rating if they had gisantes.
The customer service was excellent and the food is really authentic. Since I'm Filipino, I grew up around yummy Filipino food,  So I'm really picky when it comes to places that say they are "authentic".  I can honestly say that Pancit-Adobo's food is delicious and it tastes just like my Lola used to make! My recommendation: Pancit Bihon, Chicken adobo and bbq chicken skewers
I had gotten off work late tonight and I just didn't have it in me to cook dinner on top of my long work day the last 2 days. So I decided to go out and actually "pay" for filipino food.  I am filipino and usually when I have cravings I will either go to my mom's house or cook myself some.   I never been to this place, it was my first time ever walking into this place.  I found it thru yelp "search nearby" feature on my phone. The menu was the shortest menu I had ever seen.  It's "turo-turo" style setting, which means, you walk in, and you pick your entrees for your combo meal. You get 2 scoops of rice and you get to pick 2 items off their food line up . It reminds me of Panda Express, when you get a 2 item combo; you get your rice/noodles (carbs) and get two entrees to go with it, same exact concept.   My daughter had: 2 chicken BBQ stix with 2 scoops rice, and although the picture I took of her was not the most flattering or appetizing one, she really liked it.   I had: Arroz caldo with tokwa at baboy. It was rice porridge cooked with chicken, fresh ginger and garnished with green onion and toasted garlic. The tokwa (tofu) at baboy (lechon kwali) which is deep fried  roasted pork with skin cooked to crisp perfection, while both sat in vinegar soysauce dip with ground pepper, fresh garlic?   I also ordered:  Pork Mechado to go for lunch the next day. It came with white rice.  It had carrots, potatoes, red bell peppers in a tomato base, like stew.  Haven't eaten it yet, but I will let you know as soon as I do.  Overall, it was good authentic filipino food.   Total bill: $21.00 including 2 tall glasses of iced tea. =)   BTW:  Monday thru Friday they offer 45 min of ballroom/latin dance lessons for $6 a person between 6-9 pm. I'm actually thinking of trying it out, and that too, I will let you know =)
While on vacation visiting my brother and fam, I was craving some homecooking. Back home in SF Bay Area, I'm way too skilled on where to go. Vegas? I need just a teeny bit o' help. I based our selection on Yelp reviews and you guys are right! This place is fabu!  Feeding my bro and his fam bam consists of me, my daughter, bro, his wife, and their 3 boys. I was able to spend $60 on loads of food and have lefties for the next day! Pancit Bihon, Chicken Adobo, Shanghai Lumpia, Mechado, and one mango slushy = YUM YUM EH YUM YUM! I thought the lumpia was overcooked. Bit down and the wrap separates from the filling.  We ordered to go late dinnertime-ish (8pm). There were 2 booths in folks so the place was quiet that I could figure out what to buy on a Vegas budget! The staff was helpful in making my portion decisions and even offered a sample of their Adobo Rice...sadly, they were out. BUT THE OFFER WAS NICE! ^.^  They offer catering   When I'm back visiting the fam bam, I'll be back to Rock Spring's Pancit Adobo! I can't wait to go in for some breakfast! And if you know what's good for ya', you'll get a mango smoothie. YUMMO!
Cafeteria style, okay selection, but big dining area.  I ordered Mungo and Chicharon Bulaklak and they were both good.  Prices are good too, $4.99 for a single order and $5.99 for two.
What happened?  They're closed for business!
Although there is table service, Pancit Adobo has a large buffet from which the server scoops out the orders. They look interesting and tempting on the buffet with a large selection of mostly fried foods.   My family is well versed in many different types of ethnic foods and we are always ready to try new things. We are absolute novices when it comes to Filipino food and I would have appreciated a bit more guidance when ordering at this restaurant. We ordered about five dishes, some of which I am sorry to say I don't remember. The pancit was good as was the Beef Adobo, but some of the other dishes we ordered we found inedible (might have been from an admitted lack of Filipino ordering savvy on our part). We got a squid dish that was soggy, squishy and very fishy. Perhaps it is supposed to be that way? We normally love squid in a variety of recipes, but we found this disgusting. Untouched, save the small taste each of us spit out, the server never asked if she could perhaps replace the order with something else. Although friendly, she didn't bother to ask if we liked our food.  WORST of all was the SMALL ROACH that scampered across my daughter's booth seat which we had to sweep to the floor and stamp on. This was done while the waitress was in front of us, delivering our food.  She scarcely acknowledged it and did not even apologize.  We will not return.
I would have given the quality of food just ONE STAR but added another star due to the next following discoveries.   I gave it another star since they had a band that night and the TAHO dessert was good. (who can go wrong with TAHO....) SIZE OF THE PLACE: Quite spacious,  lots of tables, good size dance floor if needed. ATMOSPHERE:  nothing too exciting,  the floor had a sticky feel.  and the tables felt unclean.   There were I think two flat screens which I'm sure they have TFC (The Filipino Channel) running all the time unless they had entertainment. BATHROOM:  We got there around 7'ish and not too many people....so to find the bathroom stall with no toilet paper and unkempt...was not a good impression to me.   ***** Now let's talk about the food- it's what makes or break your establishment: 1- i caught a glimpse of the 'cook' through the little window to the kitchen and saw him hold up the giant spoon (the kind used to cook with) and taste out of it...WHICH IS GIANT NO-NO- known to all real chefs)  Buffet  for $19.99 (includes two drinks) was being offered that night probably due to the band performing.   I was informed there were other foods out but had been put away since it was getting close to buffet time --7:00pm.    ***NOTE***for the price of the buffet...which is competitive with a lot of different buffets in Las Vegas....they charged way too much for the limited selection they had.   -PANCIT:  it wasn't too bad -Adobo:  I'm sorry to say but ....very disappointing, it lacked taste and ....TASTE Being that the name of the restaurant, I would expect more  -Lumpia:  it's as if fillers were used to stretch the filling and was weird cuz the wrap separated from the "meat".  Tasted as if old oil was used.   Dinuguan;  the meat or whatever was used was chopped so small so you cannot tell what was actually used.  Sauce was very thin Turon:  All wrap
The Karaoke is here is fun, they have tons of songs its a Filipino owned business as are the staffed and most of the guests. They serve some great Filipino food here too, I love the Crispy Pata. Full Bar with a kitchen, Nice Staff, there very welcoming to non Filipinos and I have never seen any drama here like fights etc. I recommend this place to my friends who I know like to Karaoke.
Kapuso has always offered decent food and a nice selection of karaoke songs. However, it basically stops there. Service is lousy, the staff is indifferent to customer needs and is poorly trained. Additionally, the restrooms are dirty and the prices for cocktails are through the roof. A "tea" with a basic 25-cent mix and water is $4.00 as a prime example and mixed drinks are in the $7.00 range as a minimum. The atmosphere and service does not warrant this type of pricing. The bottom line? Management is lousy and the staff, service and the atmosphere are a direct reflection of this. Stay away and find somewhere else!!!
food here is ok. I recommend chicken wing. however,  didn't have a good experience singing here.  if you are first time here don't  expect to sing as many song as their regular customer   the DJ seemed nice and friendly at first.  there's only 3 to 4 tables there but we waited a long time and only get to sing one song since we had to leave soon and had been waiting for another 30 minutes so I asked my mom to tip the DJ and see if she can play another song for us before we leave but seem like she thinks that we are not tipping her enough so she had a look in her eye.  and made us wait even longer for the 2nd song.  she even play some dance songs when no one there is dancing to make us wait longer.
Cheap Beer and the give complimentary peanuts at the bar!   Went to check out the place while I was on my way to get my parked car and noticed the sign that said "karaoke" and I just couldn't resist it.  I walked in and the place was nice and dark inside. It has a lounge area off to the left side of the building where you can have parties or what not for big groups of people. The ambience is nice. They have a nice variety of alcohol, considering its a filipino bar (usually they don't have much).    They have filipino songs, but I didn't really go there for that. It's your typical karaoke joint. You tell the DJ what song you want to sing, he can look it up for you. The binder doesn't have nearly what they have on their computer and wastes paper. So just ask him and he will gladly look for it for you.   Definitely will come back in the future, with friends...   The only negative, is that, they had a couple odd singers in there.. which made it funny at first, then got annoying quick. And if you're a karaoke whore like me, this is not one of those places where you can feel like you sound good, because you will barely be able to hear yourself sing.
Rina C. above sums it up quite well. The service staff is indifferent to patron needs; the place has a dirty feel to it; the food quality has gone downhill over the past few months; the security staff is non-existent; they have driven away their high-end clientele; their prices are exremely high and cannot be justified considering nobody there knows how to make a proper cocktail or mixed drink; their waitresses are phony gold-diggers; the owner is in direct violation of local ordinance and and safety / diligence laws; they only cater to their own race and ignore those who actually have money to spend; should I continue? Avoid this playground / Wal-Mart atmosphere at all costs.
Came here for a Monday night with friends.  The food is very good, we split a pork noodle plate and some type of egg rolls as a table.  It was light enough for an after dinner snack, but filling at the same time that we didn't over-eat.  The place wasn't crowded so we were able to get up and sing several times throughout the evening.  The song book had a lot of mis-translated American titles with incomplete artist information, however I know they aren't necessarily catering to an American crowd so I understand!  This was a fun change from our normal hangout spot and I'd come back with a large group.
Yelp 365 Challenge #152/365 (Las Vegas Adventures in July)    This was my tip as I checked in: DJ Angel has a voice...make sure you know how to sing too...  It's true, you better know how to sing because this DJ can SING. However, call me bias but my niece who sang the last night we were in Vegas rivaled the DJ's voice.   Anyhoo! My husband and I don't do karaoke not because we do not drink but because we just never did care for karaoke. However, our family has some talented singers and musicians. And this is what the older crowd chose to do while the younger crowd decided to take on the rides at New York New York.  This place is a filipino owned business (hence, the filipino name). Around this area is what I would call asian city because right across the street there are various asian eats (thailand, japanese, korean) with Kapuso beckoning across the street for anyone to sing after eating.   I almost missed Kapuso and was about to whip my rental car around the parking lots but my husband pointed out that it was across the street.  I gritted my teeth, smiled nicely and drove into the little parking lot. As I stepped out of the car, the sign blared up brightly at us. My first thought was "Ugh...a karaoke BAR" but hey...last night with the family that we may not see again for awhile, so we stepped in.   Your typical karaoke bar with a dance floor *eyebrow raised*. Our nieces and nephews waved at us from the back. All I could think of is "I'm hungry..is it just filipino pupus?"   Our waiter didn't come right away to where my husband had to grab menus.   I was not in the mood to eat filipino food but I chose their shanghai lumpia when I was actually craving for...pulehu steak, fries, soybeans, and chicken! But, I settled for the shanghai lumpia because you can't go wrong with that appetizer.  As we listened to everyone sing, we found out that next door was for dancing. As we sat there and was wowed by our nieces and nephews, I noticed that they have a great list of  songs from different genres (filipino to contemporary pop, rock or R&B). Another thing I noticed is that the DJ would deliberately place herself on the lineup list for individuals who were singing.   IMHO...if there are alot of people coming here to sing, can Kapuso minimize the amount of times that the DJ sings? Yes, granted she is talented but I don't know. It started to seem like she was showboating especially after I noticed she would deliberately sing after anyone who sang really well just to try and "one up" on them. I kept thinking that hopefully someone will nominate her to be on "The Voice"  Anyhow, overall experience was okay. The family time spent there is what upped my rating to four stars.  If you like dimly lit karaoke bars, this is a place for you.  If you want to listen to everyone including the DJ sing, this is the place for you  If you are craving filipino food and want to sing Dahil Say Yo afterwards? This place is for you  If you want to dance the favorite filipino party dances (macarena, ocho ocho, electric slide), then yes, this place is for you!
I had the kare-kare, which was delicious, but was charged extra for rice, and the tip was added to the bill.  And I was eating by myself!  I did not feel like arguing about the added tip, but decided to warn all others about their practice.
Recently returned to this establishment an it is worse than ever. The service remains a joke, the products offered ($3 cokes and $3 waters) is insane considering the area of town as well as the environment. There used to be a much better clientele at this establishment that actually spent money and gave the place a touch of class. The food servers are poorly trained and have no sense of urgency or passion for service. It is simply a karaoke room with some Christmas lights that are never taken down. I must agree with Sharon Lee that it is a smaller version of Cafe Moda which is hardly a compliment. This could go on and on - - -
Went here at night and the food was okay. Service was on and off since it looked like they wanted to have fun instead of servicing their customers. The singing ruined my appetite since it was mostly the employee singing the whole time. The setting for the place did not really fit the theme since it had laser lights, top 40s music, some paintings that look like were bought from a swapmeet and unorganized seating areas. The price for food was way overpriced! I knew we should have went across the street and gotten something better at a reasonable price..
DO NOT COME HERE. CAFE MODA IS UP THE STREET.  -FOOD WAS WAAYY OVERPRICED AND POORLY MADE. I ordered the chicken wings and is was basically bone and skin. Pancit was dry hardly any meat just noodles and veggies. Portions are small for the price.   -THE DJ HAHAHA. tipping is something that shouldn't be expected. especially to a DJ that sits on his ass drinking sodas all night and smoking cigarettes outside. and if you don't tip him you don't sing. the employees sing most of the night which is weird...um....shouldn't you be working?  -THE PLACE ITSELF...SHAKE MY HEAD...I stepped into the the twilight zone. its Christmas, a zoo, a Circus all in one when you step in. Christmas lights all over trying to make it look nice? Awkward paintings on the walls of clowns and fairies...like WTF am I looking at?  -HEALTH DEPARTMENT PLEASE VISIT. no disposable seat covers so as a women I was forced to stand up squat and pee. lol.
I have come here a few times to watch my friends sing karaoke. It's a great plate ole bar.
Shitty service. They'll only serve you if you buy a lot of drinks and food. They only gave my friend good service because hes a regular. This place is a joke. If I had a choice, I'd give this place NO STARS!!
Walked in here on a Monday/Tuesday late night/early morning. This place had no customers what so ever. Walked in here and was given a dirty look no smile or gracious greeting. I expected a private room for my party, but the set up in here is a little different compared to the other karaoke places around town. It's very open with a stage, anyone was able to go up and sing their little heart out. Good thing no one was in there!!! We took a seat and ordered drinks, the only best part was the $5 drinks. Service lacked, the karaoke list was confusing, I had a reason the songs were playing were found on YouTube.  Towards the end of our experience here was unfortunately, no bueno. Ordered a simple fried rice and it tasted very bland, the server tried charged us a drink my friend never got. We simply tried explaining to her what had happened, but she wasn't communicating with us very well. We decided to call it a night and just leave. I doubt we will be coming back.
I just think it's a load of crap that someone can enter into the karaoke competition STILL,  after 4 rounds? If they were still looking for more candidates, then they shouldn't have made the other rounds mandatory for those who were already in. I think it's crap that there were 6 more rounds which meant a total of 10, but when I asked before I entered, I was told that there was only going to be 3 or 4. I also thought it was odd that on Saturday (competition nights were Wednesday) I texted "Kuya Ray" & asked if I made it to the next round, & was replied with a "yes," then the very next day, I text "Kuya Ray" another question regarding the karaoke contest,  but this time he had no idea who I was? I would have continued if it all wasn't so shady, fishy, & suspicious. Also, the 1st time I sang,  our tab had drinks that weren't ours. Only reason I came back was because of the karaoke comp. But now I realize it's just that whole bar. Your customer service sucks. A thousand thumbs down.
5 stars for starting up a food truck and solid 3.5 for food.   An exciting new addition to the Phoenix food truck scene. They made their Phoenix Public Market debut last night at the Wednesday evening market.   They have a short but sweet menu that includes a Lumpia trio for $5, various combos of Grilled skewers of Pork, Chicken or combos that include skewers, lumpia and even chicken feet which range between $7-$10.  All entrees are served with rice and pickled ginger "salad". They also offered chicken feet, chicken "ass", and a rare delicacy called balut (which if you finish you get free Lumpia on your next visit.)   Deciding I wasn't feeling adventurous enough for the Balut I ordered the Lumpia trio. It was a rather popular selection that evening as others around me were ordering the same. They cook their Lumpia to order and after about a 5 min wait I received 3 HOT and crispy Lumpia. These were very good! and the dipping sauce made them better.   Next time I hope to try the chicken "ass"...if this is anything like the Turkey tails you get at some Mexican Deli places I am down for trying these and I love the chicken feet at Chinese Dim Sum so I hope to try these next time.
Delicious food and super friendly owners.  Plus, what's not to love about more street food!
Yummy, tender, well seasoned chicken, generously sized lumpia, and friendly owners- plus it is in a truck! How can you not like it? A Phillipino news crew was at the Phx Public Mkt  the other day filming them- they're that good.
I finally got to try hey Joe and man am I happier than Charlie Sheen in Hooters! The menu is pretty short, but does the trick. They have multiple skewers like pork and chicken, lumpia, rie and a few other things. For the adventurous eater, they have "Adidas" (grilled chicken feet), Chicken Ass and Balut. We did the large combo that came with three pork skewers, 1 chicken skewer, 2 of the grilled chicken feet , 2 lumpia, rice and a green papaya salad. I also threw in an extra buck for the Chicken Ass. I have to say the Chicken Ass was to die for! it's pretty much like the little turkey tail, but has a small bone in the middle. All the skewers were good, I liked the chicken the best. I was also a fan of the chicken feet. The skin was perfectly crisp and the glaze was good. Overall the meal cost us 11 bucks, but my wife and daughter split it with me so it was perfect. I wasn't adventurous enough to try the balut, but I did toss em 5 bones for a young coconut to drink, which was great. Overall super happy I got to try this truck, I'll be hunting it down in the near future for sure!
Sometimes you see stuff in Los Angeles and think it will never come to Phoenix and then it happens! At the Phoenix Farmer's market there is a whole gaggle of great food trucks and today I saw a new one, Hey Joe's Filipino food truck. I grew up in Hawaii and thus have eaten lots of great Philippino food and it is basically non-existent anywhere near me so wow, was I excited to see this food truck! I got the large mixed plate with lumpia (very good), bar-b-que pork (delicious), grilled chicken (comes on the bone, a bit of a shock but probably adds flavor), and then a scoop of rice and a large dab of green papaya salad, or someone noted it was pickled ginger salad (wow, that was good!) and...because I like living on the edge, a pair of grilled chicken feet (rather fatty, not a lot of meat, and frankly, they look like little human hands, I felt like a serial killer trying to eat them). I also went with the fresh coconut for $5 (eh, okay but ice tea would be good as well). I talked with the owner and said he had opened the truck because he could never find good Filipino food either and the truck has only been open a few weeks. Probably the best deal is they Hey Joe special with lumpia, grilled pork and grilled chicken, sans scary chicken feet, unless you really love that sort of thing. They even offer balut for $5 and i think if you finish it, it is free. A delicacy of the Philippines it consists of a soft cooked egg that has been partially gestated. i saw Andrew Zimmerman eat one on Bizarre Foods, on the travel channel but even for a food adventurer like me, yikes! Bottom line, some great food. I'm a big fan of the street food I've had in Asia (Hong Kong and Tokyo) so nice to see you can get some of it in the developing food truck industry out here in Phoenix. My only wish is that they look at offering Pancit noodles along with or instead of rice. Another great food of this sort of cuisine and maybe, some chicken and pork adobo.....mmmm! :-)
Heard about this truck from The Meat Shop newsletter and went over today to check it out. The lumpia was the first thing I tried, it was exceptionally good. The BBQ flavor was really excellent on the pork and chicken skewers, I wanted to order more. Tried the chicken feet, flavor was good but they were cold in the center.  Overall it was a great meal and I will be back again! .
I have a more detailed review on my blog with pictures. cactusmangokitchen.blogspot.com In short, the prices are affordable, the service is quick & accommodating. I liked the coconut mungo dish, pork lumpia & atchara. They were out of their #5 which had the bbq pork & chicken...would love to try that if ever there is occasion to be in Phoenix...but, I don't think we'd go out of our way, just for Hey Joe's again.   The banana-que was alright for me. I like mine sweeter encrusted with caramelized sugar. Hey Joe's is lightly caramelized. But we did eat four banana-que! It was cold out & the warmth of the banana-que's hit the spot.   I also tried the Adidas/chicken feet. I liked the crispy skin, but just couldn't bring myself to eat the chewy sinews between the tiny bones. The atchara's crunchy, sweet/tangy coldness helped ease the Adidas experience.
Location was in front of Sleepy Dog Brewery and Saloon in Tempe, I had three different items from their menu.  A lumpia combo, Balut, and Lechon kawalki.(they add things to their menu sometimes)  Everything was awesome, the lumpia was fantastic, the lechon was so good after letting a buddy try some, he went and got his own.  It was a treat to find Balut as well.  I asked if they were serious and they were.. so I got one and it was good. If the Hey Joe truck is near by, I highly suggest you go and try a few things off their menu!
Very good lechon kawali! It was great, tender, and fatty just like a good pork belly should be =9. But at $9 for the serving, it will leave you hungry for more.  Didn't try the other menu items which consisted of lumpia, bbq chicken etc. which I'm sure would be equally delicious. would be 5 stars if the money to food ratio was a tad better for a hungry dude.
I went to the Phoenix Public Market specifically for the Hey Joe Filipino Food Truck and I was not disappointed. I ordered 1 bananaque (banana with carmelized sugar) and The Valley meal comprised of pancit (clear noodles, veggies, and small bits of chicken), rice, and 2 pieces of lumpia, all for $10. It's a good price for a good portion of Filipino food in downtown Phoenix! The lumpia was very crunchy and delicious, and the pancit is light, yet very appetizing. I was looking forward to the grilled chicken mentioned by several Yelp reviewers, but it wasn't on the menu, so I asked the owner, Brian, and he said that it gets too hot to grill on the side of the truck with the temperature hitting 100+ degrees in the summer.   According to their website they're will be at the Phoenix Public Market on Wednesdays (4-8pm) and Saturdays (8-1pm). Next weekend I'll definitely come by and try out the other items on the menu!
Was really looking forward to trying out Hey Joe, but ended up a bit disappointed.  They were at Sleepy Dog Brewery.  A nice fit as it allows you to wash it down with your beer.  Service was friendly.  Order at the truck and they bring it to you inside the brewery.  I had the pork belly (Lechon Kawali), which had been "slow cooked for 15 hours".  It was tender but very fatty.  It didn't have any knockout flavor, it was just fatty, slow-cooked pork.  It also wasn't a lot of food for $8.  They didn't have the bananaque that other reviewers have mentioned.  At least I don't think so.  All they had for dessert (I asked)  was a banana deep fried in wonton with chocolate sauce on it.  It was good, not great.  If I'm near the Hey Joe Filipino Food Truck in the future, I'll probably order something again.  But I won't go out of my way to eat at this truck again.
get a banana-que. bitches love banana-ques.
This place is pretty good. Prices seem a little high, but you get a good amount of food. I like the i think its called the "valley plate" or something like that. Its pancit, lumpia, and that purple rice. Good stuff 8 dollars.   If they happen to be at a place i am at i will stop by (like Glendale Glitters) or Wednesday farmers market downtown
I had the chance to eat from the Hey Joe truck today when all the food trucks were up in Scottsdale at the Whole Foods Market on Raintree.   I had the "Valley Dish" which was Pancit noodles, 2 lumpia,  and some rice. The dish was yummy... and it was a treat to have Fillipino food for lunch up in Scottsdale. The dish was $8 bucks. I think it was fair for the portion.   I look forward to eating from the Hey Joe truck again when I can make it down to the Phoenix Market.
GREAT! Had their food in the Whole Foods truck lunch. Honestly never had Filipino food before. I got a sort of lentil mix over rice. It blew me away! So great, and so many unique flavors. Also, their chili sauce is amazing.  Another pleasant surprise was that they had Mexican coke with real sugar, nice! Service was very friendly, only wish they'd open a shop near me!
After living in the SF Bay Area for 14 years I was surprised to learn that there were very few Filipino restaurants in PHX.  Hey Joe does a nice job of getting around the Valley to make it feel like you can easily get this cuisine.  Fresh, young coconut, lumpia and skewers of chicken and pork are all I need for a great meal.  The truck delivers on that very well.  The clean truck and presentation are also appreciated by me.  I completely recommend Hey Joe and hope you'll help keep this truck running to events and brewery stops!
Their food was GREAT! I had the pancit, lumpia, and that purple rice! The price was not bad for the amount of food that they gave you!  Even though they had a very long line they were still very fast with service!
I really enjoyed my lunch from Hey Joes.  I had the valley plate. Lumpia had alot of flavor, pancit was good.  I had the coconut and it was fantastic.  Really fresh and young, water was great, meat was very tender.  Great lunch!  Portions were plenty too for $8.
I'm an amateur when it comes to food trucks but my friend took me a spot that had 10 trucks parked for a weekday lunch. I chose to eat Filipino food and it was really good. The price is on the high side for it not being a sit down restaurant.  I had the pancit noodles and the lumpia and they were delicious. If you enjoy good Filipino food or you've never tried it, this is a good place to go.
$7 for a small Styrofoam bowl of bland white mush atop rice.  Can you tell I am less than thrilled and my negativity only grows with my hunger just 2 hours after my "meal."  It was another food truck Friday in down town Phoenix, the number of trucks grew since last year and Hey Joe was one the new ones to me.  From glazing at the menu the only veggie option was the Vegan Mungo for $7 so I went for it.  It came in a small white Styrofoam bowl, looking anemic, like babaganoush with a few leaves of spinach.  I was hoping for more flavor, but it was not there. The texture was like a Indian lentil dish.  Why was this $7 it should have been 3.50 at most. Sure it came from a truck with modern graphics on it, this does not mean it is instantly gold. Trucks may be trendy but so far the food quality has yet to impress me.
LUMPIAS! Find this truck and order the lumpias. They're freaking delicious.
After getting a taste of Hey Joe!  at the first food truck event I was planning when I could check out the full menu. I was able to catch up with the truck during first Friday and boy am I glad I did.  Being new to Filipino food the menu was intriguing and maybe a little intimidating.   The menu item which listed pork belly fat under the name was a clear winner for me.    The guys at the truck were incredibly helpful, letting me know which of their delicious sauces would go best with me meal.  They were great.  The food.  Yum.  I mean, can pork ever be bad?  That pork fat coated the inside of my mouth, and thankfully I could taste it long after the plastic fork was  tossed in the trash can.  Not something I can indulge in often, but the lasting memory will keep me going for awhile.    And I will definitely be back to try some of their more artery friendly options!
You down sisig? Yeah, you know me!  The sisig [pork jowls, ears and liver] from Hey Joe! is as good as it gets.  They serve it on a hot sizzling plate and crack an egg over it.  It's served with a side of rice for $9.  The presentation itself was pretty awesome being that it came from a truck.  I'd highly recommend this truck if you're down with sisig!
Not much food for $8.00... Pork belly was all fat no flavor
Delicious! The Hey Joe Special is comprised of perfectly tender and moist chicken (served on the bone, slightly awkward/messy but really really perfectly done), beautifully seasoned pork, and lumpia for $8, along with a pinch of salad and a healthy scoop of rice for the sides. The lumpia were (was? i don't know Filipino food) crispy and savory - I'm glad I splashed the sweet/spicy sauce Brian recommended on them. The pork had an intriguing citrus flavor which I loved.   The Hey Joe truck will be at 18th Ave & Deer Valley on Mondays from 11-1 for the foreseeable future (your best way to find them is to follow them at twitter.com/heyjoetruck), and I will be there w/ an appetite.
Love, love, love!  My first food truck rally & I definitely was a winner when I tried Hey Joe!  Lumpia was delish...just amazing food, perfect portions, great flavor, 100% satisfied!  Can't wait to try again!
I was in Phoenix for a week for a parking tradeshow (yeah, it's pretty serious). My company rented a house on the corner of 6th and Roosevelt, so of course I saw Hey Joe! and had to go. OMG!!! I got the pancit and lumpia combo... I 'bout died it was soooooo friggin' good. It was the best lumpia I'd had since a Filipino friend had made me a whole bunch to freeze. The pancit was seasoned perfectly. PERFECT AMOUNT OF FOOD!!! And the guys behind the counter... THE BOMB!!! Found out it's a small world after all after speaking with them a bit. Can't wait to take my girlfriend to Phoenix and share this NoRoach-coach food.  -Black girl in the white wide brimmed hat :-)
Love this food truck....braised deep fried pork belly...mmmm...the rice was good...lumpia was tasty look forward to trying out everything on the menu..
On a recent trip back to phoenix with a friend I was talked into trying Hey Joe! I used to work right downtown on Central and McDowell so I already knew all about the food trucks on fridays, but I was really excited to try something brand new and different.   We walked right up and I wanted to opt for the chicken, however once again I was talked into a new experience to try the braised deep fried pork belly. I was a bit scared away but my friend was super excited for it, which made me excited even though it was 110 degrees out side (I LOVE IT THOUGH).   Reasonably priced and the portion size was good enough for us to split to simply try something new but not for a full mean. Hands down though it was really delicious I can not lie about it. A great combination of whatever they deep fried it in with rice and delicious sauces on top. Obviously not healthy at all, but we were on a mini vacation so we deserved it :)  Of all the food trucks down there that I have had this one by far is the winner.
Tried out Hey Joe at the Wednesday night food truck gathering downtown. I ordered the lumpia (eggrolls) and devoured everything in the little white tray. The order of three eggrolls came with rice and some kind of pickled carrots or something. I don't actually know what it was I just know that I liked it! The cool slaw was a nice contrast to the (very) hot eggrolls. Hint - resist the urge to just dig in. Let them cool off before you bite in or you'll burn your tongue.  The lumpia was crunchy, greasy and yummy - just the way an eggroll should be.   It's a little pricey, but it's a food truck so it's quality food and I;m okay paying a little more for better quality.   I would totally go back and try some of the other items.
I had yet to have tried this truck on Food Truck Friday and the line was short so I stepped on up.  It's Philipino food which I had never had before and I wasn't sure what to order so I just said a word that I hoped was right. Turns out I got the pork egg rolls. I overheard another patron say they were good for Philipino food beginners. Perfect!  The lady in the truck was very sweet. I paid $8 for 3 pork egg rolls, scoop of rice, some stringy things, and a bottled Coke. Average price for Food Truck Friday. I enjoyed the rolls though. They were steaming hot but the pork inside was delicious. The outside was very crunchy and flakey. I adored it!
I can't believe I hadn't given Hey Joe a try before today.... It was very very good! I can pretty much sum it up in two words....pork.....belly. Seriously. My brother and I shared the plate with the pancit and lumpia and....of course...the pork belly. The lumpia was good, crunchy and flavorful, but it was all about the pork belly. It was juicy, crunchy, soft and falling apart, and super flavorful. Also, it only costs 8.50. Pretty amazing deal. I would definitely go back!
One of my fondest memories as a child is traveling to Alameda to visit my great-grandparents, one of which was Filipino. The food! Yum!!!   It had been years since either my mom or I had Filipino food. We both moved to Arkansas 20+ years ago but I recently moved to the valley. The first time I came across Hey Joe was last Spring when my mom was in town and we visited the Old Town Scottsdale Farmer's Market. Pancit? Lumpia? I was beyond excited when I saw the truck. Yes, I get excited about good food.  Everything was fabulous. I have since tried the breakfast dish which was absolutely delicious.   Service is great, prices are wonderful. I will definitely be back.
I go to Food Truck Fridays quite a bit.  Lately I find myself ending up back at Hey Joe!.  The Chicken Adobo is really good.  Lumpia is good sized and delicious as well.  Make sure to get the sweet chili sauce to dip!  Friendly service and a clean truck with cool graphics.
Finally ran into Joe's truck at the First Fridays art walk in Phoenix.  Several food trucks and vendors on hand, but lets talk Filipino food. I tried the adobe chicken and Pancit and I was impressed.  Great Adobe chicken dish that put a  a $7 dent in the pocket.  It came with 2 pieces of chicken and rice on the bottom of the chicken.  The dish is on the smaller side so I am glad I ordered another dish.  The chicken is seasoned well and the skin holds most of the flavor, good thing you have plain rice just in case the sodium is overwhelming on the skin to even the flavor out. I also enjoyed the Pancit at $8 a dish and very large.  I would of enjoyed more meat in it, but the noodles and rice was overflowing the dish.  I did enjoy it, however my other taste testers and myself hinted at the slightly bland flavor.  Wish the dish had more flavor in it.   Going from the well seasoned adobe chicken to the more bland Pancit was a disappointment.  I will order the adobe chicken again and if I crave Pancit I would still order it here.  Especially if I was hungry, since the Pancit dish is a large portion of food. Other items on the menu is Lumpia and sugar cane Coke for $2 and waters for $1.  I am sure the Lumpia is great, but I did not have enough cash and stomach storage to sample 3 dishes.   If you see Joe's trucks and crave some Filipino food I am sure you will enjoy it.  It seems to be the closest Filipino food place in Arizona that I run into.
As far as service goes, this truck is awesome. Super nice and I got my food very quickly.  As far as the food goes, I was expecting it to be a lot better. Maybe better is the wrong word, flavorful. I got the Adobo for my first foray w/ Hey Joe and I really wasnt impressed. The chicken was nice and moist, but it really lacked in flavor.   Ill probably give them another shot, mainly because i want a do over on my now !st impression of Filipino food.
Have you tried Filipino Street food?  I hadn't either but I have a feeling these guys know what they are doing because I am addicted now.  No joke. Small menu choice, and they take their time, but food is hot, fresh and so good!  Did I mention it's tasty?
Overpriced.  Does not remember customer loyalty.
Do you like Filipino food? Wait.. you don't know? You better ask Joe. He will tempt you taste buds with some amazing food. The lumpia was amazing (Almost as good as my aunt's). As of late I have been far to busy to get back to see the Hey Joe truck but as soon as I do have time I am there.
I would eat here again b/c their flavors are so spot on BUT I was pretty disappointed.. I ordered the rice noodle stir fry w/ chicken and garlic rice (cant remember the actual name). On the menu they had the name of the local farmer where the chicken was raised, a nice touch and another reason why I chose to ordered my dish. First off, those pieces of chicken they are so proud of are the size I feed to my Maltese, and less than the amount I would feed him too. The dish tasted awesome however it lacks protein to make it a complete meal because they skimp you on their farm fresh chicken. The spring rolls w/ sweet & sour sauce were great. It's just so disappointing that they skimp you on the good stuff for a dish probably has the lowest food cost on the menu. Left with a full stomach & happy palette, but overall disappointed in the experience.
Another Food Truck Thursday and my husband decided to try Hey Joe! He ordered the Pancit (rice noodles) and a lumpia (egg roll). I was lucky enough to get to try both items (by try I mean steal off his plate). The food was freshly made to order and came out quickly. The noodles were delicious with their saucy ways. Also the vegetables were delicious. My husband enjoyed the chicken it came with as well. I particularly enjoyed the lumpia - one of the better egg rolls I've had. Super crispy and tasty. Overall, I enjoyed their food and would try again.
Saw the Hey Joe! food truck parked at the Mesa Arts Center food court for the Asian Festival and had to try it out!  I got the Lechon plate ($8.50), which included about 4 pieces of deep fried pork belly with crispy skin, a scoop of rice, and some pickled veggies (Carrots, radish, red bell pepper).  The order took a little time to be made, as there was a backup of orders from some customers wanting a lot of extras (Like 8 cups of soy sauce, or 6 to-go boxes for their plates), so the food wasn't out in quick time like I was expecting for a food truck.  The staff were very friendly though, and it's nice that they offer credit card for you to pay (No minimum order), and will send you your receipt through your e-mail.    The lechon was very rich and flavorful.  It had a mix of juicy pork and crispy skin from being deep fried.  Although they give you just a few pieces, it is a pretty heavy tasting dish, and it was nice to add the rice and vegetables as lighter sides to balance out the meat.  Although very tasty, the price was a little high, considering I can get a pound of lechon for the same price at Heavenly Bakeshop in Chandler.  Overall, it's nice to see some more uncommon foods here in the Phoenix area such as Filipino cuisine, and I'd like to visit their food truck again to try some more dishes.
Lumpia, pork belly, everything Filipino and did you know they will do private parties as well.  They will pull up in your driveway and give your party THE BEST food, experience and fun.  Follow them on Facebook, go where the food trucks or go, or just have them over.  They are amazing, loving people, too.  Still not sure I'm ready to try the Pig Face...maybe next time.
I love these guys!! The food is great and the people running it are awesome!! Good folks and good Food!!
I don't know if it's because pork belly is relatively new to the food scene in Phoenix, but some local restaurants think they can get away calling what they serve "pork belly" but in reality is just your standard pork butt or loin. That's the case with hey joe.   False advertising is exactly what you get at this food truck that tries to sell off regular dark pork meat as pork belly. I bought the pork belly bun sandwich which again, not pork belly and even putting that aside there just was no flavor. I wish I would of doused it in Hot sauce. The bun was nice and the meat was cooked well but between no flavor and being served pork that wasn't pork belly I can't recommend this place to anyone.
Filipino food in Phoenix?  Saw thus truck on some food channel and was excited to see that there was a food truck Friday.  I was pleased  with a decent sized serving of pancit with chunks if pork. But when you serve bihon you need to offer the lemon and patis, right? The super lumpia was a good concept but where's the meat?  It looked like Shanghai,  but missed the meat.  Also, I'd like the choice to have vinegar instead if thw chili sauce.  Hey Joe -take note.
Coming from a Filipino, I wasn't all that impressed.  I usually head to the ASU Food Truck Block Party on Wednesdays to grab lunch with a couple coworkers. I had seen Hey Joe! there the past few times we had gone, but having grown up eating Filipino food with my dad's family, I was skeptical and gravitated to the other trucks. Since the Block Party has had more or less the same selection the past few weeks, I decided that this week I would finally give Hey Joe! a chance.  I imagine that for many of their customers, Filipino food is a new thing. The food wasn't god awful, so I can see why many the untrained taste bud might be raving about this. "Filipino food! Sounds different!"  I ordered the chicken adobo with rice, and a side of two lumpiang shanghai. Probably the most Filipino thing about my food was the fact that the "to-go" container consisted of two Dixie paper bowls covered in foil. The chicken adobo lacked that certain quintessential flavor that makes Filipinos everywhere crave it so much. The lumpia, or egg rolls as I wouldn't even call these real lumpia, had no pork, unlike most lumpiang shanghai, and the veggies inside left a bland taste. I did not receive any of the typical sweet chili sauce that you're supposed to eat lumpia with. I did receive a side of atchara, or pickled radish, with my lumpia, so at least they made an effort there.  If you really want to try Filipino food, I recommend going to one of the many restaurants we have in the Phoenix area.
Got to try this food truck at Food Truck Friday in Downtown Phoenix, AZ.  I don't know if I'm spoiled by Los Angeles Food Trucks and street food, but I was really unimpressed by all the trucks there, but Hey Joe! was a definite least favorite :(.   I ordered the Chicken Adobo after reading good things in other reviews, but the dish that I got kind of tasted like something I would whip up quickly at home. The chicken was quite dry, and the whole dish was just kind of bland. The rice was cooked well, but it wasn't really that complicated of a dish but took a while to get to me and just wasn't that enjoyable.  Maybe it was a bad day for the truck or they were just busy, but I wasn't impressed :(.
Caught up with Hey Joe for some delicious Filipino food!  There were four of us and we all ordered the same dish: pork belly.  Four big pieces of seared pork belly, served with seasoned rice, daikon radish and carrot/jalapeño slaw plus dipping sauce. Yum.  Saw someone coming away with a monster lumpia that wasn't on the menu. Wish I knew- I love lumpia.  It was about 8" long and stuffed to the brim. Missed opportunity there! The pork belly was crisp yet juicy, perfect for the vinegary dipping sauce. The slaw was outstanding and the sticky rice was good too.  Highly recommend Hey Joe, especially the pork belly.
Chicken adobo is a SAD, SAD, SAD excuse for the dish.  After 6 of us tried it and repulsed in disappointment, I handed it back to the truck and didn't even ask for a refund.  The glass noodle dish was half-way decent, but really bland.  All in all, the "Filipino" food this truck slings out is garbage and unworthy of the title.  Tied for worst truck of the day at Street Eats AZ...AVOID!
Have had food from this truck a few times. Pancit - noodles with chicken & veggies is consistently yummy, always moist & tasty.  Chicken adobo is marinated chicken in soy vinegar over rice is my favorite, just the right sweet sour salty. Mongo vegan - lentils stew with spinach & ginger is served over rice, can taste all the flavors. Great Filipino food for the open-minded pallet.
I raced down to SkySong to grab lunch from the food trucks today during my break.  Now, J isn't a fan of Filipino food.  And I never had an urge to try it.  BUT..when i saw that my only food truck option today was going to be either Hey Joe or standing in line behind 6+ people for SL (I love SL, but had to get back to work within 20 minutes), I figured this must be fate - Try Hey Joe!  There were a few guys picking up their order and I asked what it was they had.  They told me it was Pancit, but it wasn't on the menu anymore.  I thought to myself...crap!  BUT, the gal said...we have one more order left.  It was meant to be!!    To tell you how good it is, I am still eating my order of Pancit while typing out this review.  It's that good, I couldn't wait to write about it!  Pancit - a rice style noodle, veggies (carrot, onion, bell peppers), and chicken.  A good deal of spice to it, but not overpowering.      Super tasty!
Hopefully, third time's the charm. Heavenly is now the third Filipino bakery to open in this same spot in the Lee Lee's shopping center.   First impression, clean, lots of product on shelves to choose from, friendly customer service.     I was only able to quickly eye their goodies, before my little one started trying to rearrange their product display, dropping a package of "Palitaw" on the floor. It didn't pop open, but I bought it anyway, since the fall made it's contents all jumbled up. Good thing I have fond memories of this treat from New Years in my Mamalo's house back home. I also ordered one of their Cheese pastries. Curious if it tasted like or better than the previous owners flaky cheese pastry.   I paid with my debit (couldn't do that with the previous bakery) so that's a plus. While paying, I noticed off the back left of the store behind the register, was a refrigerator stacked with ready made take home dishes, like menudo, If i recall correctly. So, next time I'll definitely take one home, but, I didn't this time, because I still had to do my grocery shopping at LeeLee's.   Once home, I tried the Palitaw. It was soft and pleasantly chewy with a non-sweet powdery coating. I think I recall coconut flakes on the ones my dad made for me back home. I'm not sure what the powdery coating is, it's got a subtle flavor of perhaps toasted crushed rice.  But, It might not be something everyone would like. If I were to compare it to something, it reminds me of mochi.  which i love.   I put these in the fridge and they didn't get hard.    I didn't treat the cheese pastry with care as I shopped around that day. When I got home to open the bag, it's top layer was almost all flaked off. So, I'll be ordering this again & eating straight from the case next time. Overall it was light and flaky and not greasy. The cheese filling was also nice, not too sweet.   My toddler loved this treat and that it wasn't overly sweet was good for her too.  I'd love it if they make another variation with some kind of fruit to contrast the cheese.    I'd like to go back without my little one, so that I can fully experience all that this 1 month new bakery has to offer & take better photos.  I'm giving them a middle of the board solid rating of 3 stars, A-OK.  I am expecting that on my next visit, Heavenly will be getting more stars.
Lechon.   'Nuff said. you can get lechon on the weekends by the pound and we got two pounds with lots of crunchy skin! So good. Worth it!   Of course when we were there I saw all the desserts and couldn't resist. Not the best bakery, but I enjoyed getting to eat Filipino desserts while I was in Phoenix.   Lechon, go get it!
I had stopped in also after stopping at lee lees to buy ingredients for home made Turon.  I was hoping to god they had my ensymada rolls with ube or macapuno in the middle but no luck.  I did however see a turnover with ube in it and also a roll with macapuno for 1.25 and 1.35.  I bought one of each and took them home to try them out.  The lady did not speak to me much and i had to say hello upon entering and what not. For some reasons Cebuanos tend to be more friendly towards me than i have had experiences with tagalog speaking filipinos.  I wore my manny pacquaio hoodie zip up but apparently she did not see the emblem.    As i got home i took the ube turnover out and took a bite. First initial reaction: Where is the ube???? Second reaction:  Why is the pastry part not sweeter?  I used to work at safeway bakerys and loved loved loved the turnovers and could not imagine why this did not wow me not only looking just like a triangle shaped turnover with sugar on top but it had ube in it! Should be wowing me at least!  As for the macapuno turnover that looked like a pastry roll was very similar to the ube turnover just differently shaped.  i had to eat the top layer pull out the middle layer and the macapuno itself lacked a flavor the texture was there but not the flavor. I think i was so spoiled with goldilocks back home that nothing else can come close. If this bakery starts producing some red bean swirl loafs or ube rolls that are soft and decadent i will be more than happy and a satisfied customer but until then i will be on the look out for a filipino bakery that has at least one of my favorites whether it be ube or red bean bread, ube ensymada, or even some turon and carioca.  This bakeshop had all the little things i did not consume the most of at my aunts house parties. If they could combine the ube the kutsinta and the white doughy rice cakes like goldilocks has too i would even settle! If you are filipino or half like i am and know of some better places i would appreciate any information leading me to a more satisfied ending than what i have tried. =]
The owners of this bakery are originally from New Jersey and originally owned a chain of bakery shops of the same name until they sold them off and retired here. So, in terms of experience they have it, and they know their stuff.  The lechon on weekends is on point. It's crispy and roasted the way I like it, Tagalog style! =) Yes, it does make a difference. =)  Other things I'm a fan of there are their puto bungbong (glutinous rice with shredded coconut and sugar), the espasol (filipino rice cake made from rice flour cooked in coconut milk and sweetened coconut strips, dusted with toasted rice flour) it's true laguna to the pinoys. Their siopao is decent, the ensymada is lacking alot of topping, and the empanadas are okay not that great. Overall they have a wide selection of filipino baked goods at decent prices but you gotta try the lechon, at least a pound of it ($8.50).   You oughta try it and keep this local filipino bakery around coz they're worth it.
Small, local owned/operated Filipino bake shop.  I only tried the 5 pack of Ube (Taro) stuffed cookies/pastries and found them DELICIOUS.. the have sesame seed sprinkled on them.  I wish I knew what most of it meant, but I tried my luck with the sweet ube pastry and really, really liked it!  I will be back and try more!  Thanks to all those (Jason B) that recommended pastries.. I definitely will try more out next time.
Well, we've been here twice now.  First time we got pancit.  It was salty.  Not horrible but not great.  Today we mostly bought baked goods.  The pan de sal was mediocre.  The baliwag was mediocre.  The puto bungbong was very disappointing.
Lechon!  I had heard of this delicious pork dish from watching travel shows, and was excited to see they sold it here.  I got a pound to go, and it was all that I hoped it would be!  The pork is slow roasted for a long time to get a very crispy and crunchy skin, kind of like a pork chip!  The meat was very tender and full of flavor (And fat!  Don't think for a minute this is healthy for you!)  They included a special tangy-sweet gravy to dip the lechon in, which was wonderful.  I did not try any of the pastries, but they did look delectable.  They also sell chicharron for those that want to snack on something pork-like as well.    The lady at the counter was very nice and friendly.  If I want to go into a pork-coma again this is the place to go!  Lechon: $8.50 per pound, sold on the weekends Chicharron: ~$2 for 2 ounces
fresh pandesal and lechon!!!!  one pound is more more than enough for 3 people. they also have crispy pata and chicharin bulaklak. both i'll try when i go back next week. so glad there's a place here in Chandler that could satisfy my craving for lechon at a very affordable price. $8.95 for a pound.   I also got the fresh pandesal. it was light and fluffy but a bit too sweet for my taste.
Stopped here mid-afternoon on a weekday for pandesal. They had a large selection, but asked if I was willing to wait 5 minutes for fresh ones. Waiting for the pandesal, I purchased an Ube Roll and Brazo de Mercedes. Everything had a traditional flavor and was fairly fresh except for the Ube Roll.
This place has everything!!  I stopped by on a Saturday afternoon for the first time and was so surprised at how different it was from previous owners in this location.  All items are baked fresh on the premises and every rack and shelf was full of goodies to choose from. My haul included hopia with mongo beans, espasol, palitaw, ginataan, puto bumbong, an ube loaf, turon, vegetable lumpia, a container of tokwat baboy, and I couldn't pass up a lb.of lechon for $8.50  I will be back very soon, besides the ready to eat food, they also had for purchase, bags of lumpia that you could take and cook at home.  I'm so thrilled they owners decided to come out of retirement and open this wonderful bakeshop.
A Filipino bakery in Arizona? Yes!  Stopped in after shopping for groceries at the Lee Lee's in the same complex and buying drinks at the Boba Tea House down the row.  Stepped in and was surprised to find ube, pan de sal, manapua, empanadas, and even adobo.  Very tasty and reminded me of Hawai'i.  Definitely worth the visit and food fix.
Virtually always have a pleasant experience here. Service is warm and friendly. Love some of their pastry selections. Lechon on Sundays! *woo hoo*  Will definitely return. Again! ^_^
We ordered lechon for Christmas and it was by far the worst lechon I have ever tasted. The skin was not crispy and it was way too salty. Our guests hardly touched the lechon. And what is the deal with the box they put the lechon? It had shoe marks all over it!!!! Im thinking it was a box that was on the floor, they walked over it and they assembled it and put the lechon inside. Unbelievable!!!!
I finally was able to try this place out.  We ordered the cheese bread, pork BBQ, soipao, and the fried bangos.   The cheese bread is amazing.  The pork BBQ was ok.  The meat was too lean.  The soipao would be perfect but there was barely any meat. The fried bangos had too many fish bones.  It was too much work so I did not eat it.   The service was excellent and the employees were really nice.  If they put more meat in the soipao I would definitely buy it again and even pay a little more.
Steamed Buns = Catherine Zeta Jones in the movie Entrapment Pork n Rice = San Fransisco 49ers in the 80's Service = Pete Sampras
I love Filipino food.  Ever since ginger root decided to close.  I've been looking for a good Filipino restaurant and I think this is the place.  Sisig over rice.  Lechon laing and the desserts are on poooooint. Always hits the spot.
Filipino bakeshop in Chandler, AZ AND it's right by LeeLee's Oriental Market (1 out of 2 Asian  Markets in the area).  I have very mixed feeling about this place because it's the first Filipino place we found when we moved here 3 years ago. The staff is very friendly...like we've known   I have had the hot food specials here which was pretty good.  Lechon is only served Sat and Sun but is worth the wait (treat) during the week.  My mother in law loves the fresh hot pan de sol but again only offered on the weekends.  We have bought the frozen egg rolls and cooked them at home; were very happy with the crispiness and quality if them.  I have had the sweets and bake goods but was not very happy.  They were either old or flavorless.  I wouldn't buy the food in the fridge because I rather have the freshly cooked food specials they have.  Since we came from CA, I'm used to Red Ribbon or Goldilocks quality pastries.  We go here often for only certain things so that is why I gave this place 3 stars.
So excited to eat here today but decided to take out food instead. The lechon looks so good and crispy but when I got home, only the top part is great but everything else beneath the one-pound order is burnt. Dang it! Don't sell the burnt lechon/meat coz you're gonna lose customers and worse, first timers will not recommend you to others...get it?  And the pork bbq? Oh i thought I was served adobo in a stick. Soooo sour! But the cheese bread is good at least.
Inexpensive Filipino food. I tried their chicken inasal, very tender and delicious, the beef pares is a little dry but still tasty, and their goto is a little spicy but not too much which I like. We'll visit again when we go back to Las Vegas.
The sign doesn't just announce the business's name, it's a directive:  you must Goto Pares!  The food is great, simple, and affordable.  They've got the sweet, savory, and exotic.  No where else can you sample the type of "street" food common on the very streets and back alleys of the Philippines such as Fish Balls, Quek-Quek, Adidas, and Balut.  They even stock Milo, buko juice, and kalamansi to quench the thirst.  Worth checking out especially since they also serve full combo plates cheaper than many restaurants.  Of course, the signature goto is a must-try.
Went here for the Beef Pares and thought it was very yummy.  The aroma and flavors hmmmm.   Thats how i would describe it.. hmmmmm hahahaha. It was tender, lots of flavor and had a little fat "Sarap" and the sauce that topped the rice.  Also tried the isaw and fish ball and hmmmm.  The family that owns the place were there working and chatted with them a little bit.  Very friendly and it is good to hear how they started and where they came from.  By the way I ordered egg because I like that combination.  Tapsilog, tocilog, pares (pasilog)?  I am posting some pictures.  Have a nice day y'll?
First, the name of the place is hardly noticeable except for banner that is "now open". Service is 3 stars ( no serving spoons on entrees), Price is $ ( cheap ) , Place is clean coz it's still new, but decorated as chinese/ vietnamese ( this place is owned by non-filipino !  Now, Taste is way underwhelming ! There are lots of choices but mostly hit or miss ! Lastly, they try to innovate their ordering via iPad but the server sees what you give in Gratuity coz the server is walking you through it in iPad !  Overall, if you're looking for authentic Filipino cuisine, you are better off with Turo-Turo or Filipino buffets or take your cravings or guests to Goldilocks, it's real Filipino !
It's a great place to open a Filipino Restaurant for Southwest part of town.  The menu is pretty big. My dad and I ordered Crispy Pata and it was great, a little over cooked but never the less enticing.    Will definitely be a repeat customer.
The servers are really friendly & nice. I order the same food everytime I come to their restaurant. Each visit, the food is different.
Great customer service! Food tasted great. I would've given 5 stars except the charge extra for more rice and the lumpia is overpriced.
So we were looking for a place to go for my hubbys birthday and a friend of mine told me that a new restaurant has opened up right down the street. Because I am a sucker for trying new things, we came here for his birthday. The restaurant looked clean when we walked in and the servers were customer service oriented because they had smiles and welcomed us to their casa =) Actually restart... We had a group of 15 and luckily it wasn't packed otherwise we would've waited a long time. Ok after they figured out the seating arrangement, we sat down and the server came with her handy dandy iphone. She took our order with whatever app she had installed. OK so far everything was good until they started bringing our drinks and food. They brought us a stack of plates, handful of forks and spoons and a stack of napkins. This doesnt usually bother me, but this time it did. It just seemed unorganized and because we were a big party they didnt know how to handle us. I guess its cool if you like to have a stack of silverware, napkins and plates.   OK the food... The only thing I remembered that was good was the pinakbet. My friends said that oxtail soap wasnt cooked and the pansit canton wasnt cooked. The noodles needed to be cooked a little longer.   Will I go again? Maybe for kareoke but to eat there, I would have to pass cause of all the MSG they use in their food.
I was excited about going here because I realized, "Finally! a filipino restaurant near home!".  The staff was really nice, can't complain there.  Food took a little long to come out... and I understood that because they're new.... i figured they need a little time to get used to the food time. However, we got our "pandisal (sp?)" 20 after seating whe it should have been brought out as soon as we sat.  NOT TO MENTION, the pandisal was HARD AS ROCK, i was embarrassed for them.  Seemed like it was old bread thats been microwaved and left to sit.  We got our fried rice, tasted like Chinese fried rice to me. We got our chicken tinola, very rich and oily, and the pinakbet was too salty.  Its sad because I wanted this to be a hit, seeing as how its so close to my house...  I think they need more authenticity. they serve Vietnamese food there also. I dont think they should call it a Filipino restaurant and have a 1/4 of their menu with vietfood, otherwise call it a Filipino Vietnamese Food and Karaoke restaurant.  I mean there are other things I wanted to try on the menu, I'll give it a second shot and if it doesnt do it for me.... then im done. LOL
This was the worst Filipino food that I tasted and expensive!  They don't even have lunch price!
Gooood
their menu has specialties that other Filipino restaurants do not have, and food is pretty good
i rarely, if EVER give 1 stars so based you could only imagine how HORRENDOUS the food was.  came here with 2 friends and orders the sisig, lechon and sisig soft tacos.    the lechon was so deeply fried it felt like i was eating greasy pork jerky.  nothing but fat grease and rock hard pork.  maybe I'm not Filipino enough to appreciate sisig but i had some the other day at salo salo it was wonderful and tasted like heavenly bliss.  sisig at this place? tasted like mushed up dog food.  it was so mushy i actually contemplated giving it to my dog but i held back because i didn't want to feed him absolute CRAP  i feel very bad for giving the bad rating but this definitely tops my list of BAD FOOD experiences.  service was fine, the restaurant decor was fine, the food was just unacceptable.  as my friend quoted, this is also the only place where we had to ask for boxes just to be nice since we left almost our entire meal on the table.
DT's fills the void of Filipino restaurants in the Southwest part of town. My husband and I were wary about trying this place because. as Filipinos, our expectations were high.  The restaurant is a good size with a karaoke area in the middle. It looks like could be a happening place for a small private event. The menu is huge, with Filipino and Vietnamese items. The menu is so big that it took a while for us to finally decide on what to order.  We ordered:  Kare-Kareng Crispy Pata - two of my absolute favorite Filipino dishes in one? I had to try it. The Kare Kare was too watery and bland for my taste; however, the Crispy Pata was plentiful, crispy and hit the spot! At $14.99, it was a great deal even though I didn't care for the Kare Kare.  Binagoonga Fried Rice - I had only tried this dish once before at a Filipino restaurant in the Bay Area and I loved it. This wasn't as great but it was tasty nonetheless. I especially liked the mixture of salty and sweet with the binagoong and mango.  Pork Sisig - I am partial to Cafe Moda's sisig but this was definitely comparable in a different way. This was topped with a fried egg. It came out on a sizzling plate and I don't know why... but doesn't food always taste better when it comes out that way?   We enjoyed our food and can't wait to try their other items. It's still not as good as mom's cooking but it hits the spot when I need a taste of home.   The service was pretty good. It got a little busy and we had to ask twice for some vinegar but I'm not going to ding them on that. I'm sure they're still learning the ropes and things will only improve from here.  We will definitely have to try the lunch specials and maybe even order take out when I'm too lazy to cook. 'Til next time, DT's!
i live in the SW part and this is the only Filipino restaurant in the area, so i gave it a shot. I have only tried the pork adobo, humba and lumpia and the bihon guisado. The pork adobo and humba is tasty, even my non-Filipino peeps i stay with loved it, but the lumpia is not that good at all. i think it is the one that is ready made, the one that you can buy in the frozen section in the supermarket. The pansit is okay, but i'm not a fan. I even dined in once and the server is friendly. She even recommended the lunch special since it's almost 4:00pm and it ends at 4, usually they would never care. The cook ended up giving me a huge portion since I am the last one to order the lunch special. And oh, before i forget, i tried their leche flan, it is chunky and very good. I just found myself eating it until the container is empty. Would definitely come back to try their other dishes. My friend said the pinakbet is good, so that's next on my list! They should consider delivering meals since I'm lazy most of the time, especially driving in Vegas when it's hot outside is irritating!
The sisig tacos, which I was so excited to try (SINCE WE LACK ANY GOOD FILIPINO FOOD TRUCKS HERE, like they have in Cali)... Well it was soggy, the 5 lbs of onions they used to try to hide the lack of flavor..it was all bad. Not the best first sisig taco experience. What a let down. Maybe ive been spoiled from Cafe Moda's awesome sisig. Whatever. It was just horrible.  then the Longanisa fried rice. Tastes like cheap shitty fast food Chinese fried rice with bits of Longanisa.  The only thing I enjoyed was the bistek Tagalog. It tasted like homecookin'.  And really though with the iPad? The waitress takes your payment through this, and of course she has to type in what tip you gave her. Like you feel obligated to tip good to save face from judgement, even with their lack of customer service. Classless and tasteless.
I cannot even fathom how terrible this place is.  My family and I wanted to come for some Filipino food in the Vegas area, and we happened to find this place.  We ordered the fried rice longanisa and we were a little excited, because this could have been a gem for Filipino food.  As soon as our plates arrived, my dad smelled it, and said, "oh no. I think it smells bad," after the server left.  And after tasting the rice, it was over salted, and somewhat smelled pungent.  My family and I are never ones to make a scene.  We politely asked if we can order something else.  The waitress was by far, the most disrespectful person I have ever encountered.  I really do hate to complain, but the plate was inedible.  My aunt spoke in Tagalog, and asked if we can perhaps order something else, instead of this plate because no one could eat it.  The waitress rolled her eyes and sighed, "Well.. I'll tell my manager, but it looks fine to me."  She comes back claiming that the chef said that it was fine, and told us that she would charge us extra no matter what, even if this dish was not eaten, which greatly distressed my aunt.   My dad tried diffusing the situation and calmly said, "Ok, we'll pay for anything, we just cant eat these plates."  The waitress continued to roll her eyes and never came back to us.  This place has terrible service and terrible food.  Rarely do I ever write a negative review, but please, save your money and your stomachs from eating at this place. We ended up eating the adobo fried rice, and the food was still not up to par, and extremely salty.
A friend of mine was raving about this place so I agreed to go with her a few days ago even though I despise karaoke.  I parked in front of the restaurant and I was staring at  pictures of food on their windows - they didn't seem Filipino at all...ummm, like pho?  But hey, I like pho.  I was told that the owner is Vietnamese, the chef is Filipino.  It wasn't busy and the place was relatively clean except for uncleared tables...which remained uncleared for a long time. The servers used iPhones to take orders - not very reliable.  We had to follow up on most of our orders.   The food was ok.  We got chicharon bulaklak (probably the best I've had in Vegas), crispy binagoongan (will clog up your arteries and damage your kidneys), kare kare and crispy pata.  For dessert, we got the turon with ice cream, 2 scoops of ice cream and mais con hielo.  The mais con hielo was served in a tall plastic cup as if I was taking it to go, topped with ice cream.  I mixed it real good.  I think they forgot to add sugar.  So yup, it being in a plastic cup was necessary so I could take it home and "fix" it.  Service was the worst I've had in Vegas.  The entrees and desserts came one at a time in 10-minute intervals.  My mais con hielo was served after two follow-ups and 15 minutes after everyone else was done eating their dessert.  Seriously?!  I want to like this place and give it more stars since I'm part Filipino but I'd totally be lying.  For me, this place just isn't worth the 16-mile drive to be quite honest.  It lacks the hospitality, love, care, warm and fuzzy you'd normally get from a Filipino restaurant/kitchen.  I have an aunt who's a terrible cook but since so nice, you start to kind of like her cooking - well, DT's is the opposite.  They have ok food but service needs major improvement.
Great food here!
Still better than Salo Salo, but not by much.  Good food ruined by bad service and a rude owner that just doesn't give a damn about customer service.   We ate here once, and took out orders a few times. The food was great. The pork adobo, adobo fried rice, crispy pata, paksiw lechon, and the sisig were delicious.   As another Yelper said, the staff uses iPhones for everything, which IS very unreliable. Such a small screen to work with, and such an easy way to make mistakes is not the best way to run a system. They are better off using a micros system with big buttons to keep from mistakes, because a lot could go wrong.   The service is pretty bad. Refills took forever, dishes came out at the wrong times, and we just didn't feel taken care of. Each time we have ordered, the food has taken a long time to come out, except for the crispy pata, which we know that it takes longer to prepare.   I would give this 3.5 stars if it were based on take out orders only, but the service is really that bad. I understand that this place is new and still learning the curve, but even with that, rude service is unacceptable. Bad first impression, but will likely order again for the food.
Been curios about all  your reviews here on yelp, so We decided to try and see it for ourselves. Yup! @ midnight craved for a sisig. So disappointed w/ the sisig's taste. You're right! it was a "mr mushy" drowned in a cooking oil. I know u own an oriental store but GEEZ slow down w/ cooking oil, even if It's on sale. Stop using the Filipino name when ur not even Filipino. Just sayin-
I drive by this place every day on my way home from work and always "almost" stop by for lumpias. Today i finally made that happen for the first time, thinking I will enjoy a few lumpias after a long day at work. It is unfortunate that i did not have the best experience. it all began with the 20min wait there was with a simple order of lumpias inside an empty restaurant. Then when i finally got home with my order, i realized they had given me only enough sauce for about 4 liumpias out of the 12 i ordered. to top it off, some of the lumpias were cold in the middle. Not going back there again..
Found out there was a Filipino restaurant that opened and wanted to try it out. When I got there, found out the owner is not even Filipino, and they served pho! At this point I was skeptical.   We were seated fairly quickly on the side of the restaurant.  They have TVs place in awkward positions. They were airing nfl games on all the TVs and would not change the channel to a certain game upon my request.  I was starting to get irritated  After looking through the menu and joking about them serving pho.  We ended up going sisig and menudo.  All I have to say is the sisig was aweful! I was soggy, fatty, had a weird smell and texture. Not like any sisig I've ver had.  They menudo was ok.  A couple bites of the sisig ruined my appetite.    I took the food to go just to be polite, but deep down was disappointed and will never go back to this fake Filipino restaurant!
Okay, ive tried this place 3 times. twice for lunch and once for dinner.   Lunch-  they are not fast. It took 35 mins to get my food. I only have an hour for lunch plus driving time.  Dinner- I had the beef sinigang and the beef tasted old.  General notes: The price is pretty steep for what it is. The food is not even on par with Pinoy pinay at double to triple the price. The atmosphere is not warm at all.   Yes, they do have a large menu, but I'd much rather have a smaller list to choose from and have the food taste fresh.  Good things:pretty good Okoy here. And only Filipino restaurant in SW Vegas.
Best Filipino spot in the southwest..could use new management though!! Feels weird going to an authentic Filipino restaurant that's Caucasian and Vietnamese owned with Chinese theme dining set..feels like the PF Changs of Filipino food..the food is good though.
It does not EVEN deserve a star at all! This place sucks!!! Believe me it sucks!!! It is not authentic Filipino food!  I'm so mad I wna punch everything around me!! I ordered the chicharon bulaklak what the hell was that taste and it looked like Someone just took a crap on your plate! Lechon kawali looked like duck... I mean what the hell and the taste was soo bad it wasn't even the right crunchyness! The meat was sooo dry tasted like something a freaking oger would eat! Ahhhh ahhhh!!! I'm so pissed!!! Ahhhhhhh!!!! This piece of crap place ruined my night!! I was so hungry expecting a nice delicious meal but no!!! Ahhhhhh!! Shut this place down!!! Never come here!!! NOBODY PLEASE COME HERE! SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!!! PLEASE This is my first review and unfortunately it was a bad review.. *sigh my rant is done
In a pinch for Filipino food and in the Southwest, then this will do. However, I've been here about 8 times and each time they disappoint me with the quality of food.   My latest complaint is that I ordered online at www.vmamstore.com and when I arrived 25 minutes after I ordered, they barely pulled up my order. Now because I ordered crispy chicken, its another 25 minutes for my food to finish.  She did warn me but because they were seemingly busy on a Tuesday night, I've experienced this same delay before so I think their timings leave a lot to be desired. They also don't accept AMEX cards which is hokey. On a good note, they seem to embrace Apple products as they take your payment via iPad or iPhone but I've experienced when their network was down and I had to pay cash. So as I'm starving waiting for my food, I'm writing this review.
I don't understand all the negative reviews.  It's probably because most filipinos are used to their food being greasy, fatty, and oily which isn't like the food here.  This place is really good.  My family and I couldn't be happier that there is now a good Filipino restaurant in the Southwest part of town!  And it does get crowded (with Filipinos!) so obviously they're doing something right!  BTW - Notice that almost all of the 1-star reviewers have only 1 or 2 reviews to their name?!?! Hmmmm....
Found our go to Filipino restaurant! (Ate here three times within a few weeks!) I don't understand where the negative reviews are based from. I agree sometimes the service is a hit or miss, but when it comes to their food... delicious every single time! We've tried kare-kare, crispy pata, bicol express, dinuguan, tapsilog, and kare-kare crispy pata so far. The prices are reasonable for the amount of food they serve!
I am shocked and appalled with all of the bad reviews for this place.  I love it here!  Not only was I able to chow down on some bomb authentic Filipino food that tastes homemade, I was able to sing Karaoke all night!    1 star = for the Karaoke.  I mean, what's a Filipino restaurant without this entertainment value!  2 stars = for the courteous service. They were super nice in warning us that fried foods are faster than the grilled foods (takes about 25 minutes to cook), and to help us out with all the Karaoke song choices we chose  3 stars = for their Bagaong (shrimp paste) Fried Rice.  YUM!  I had to refrain from eating the entire large portion that can probably feed at least 5 people all to myself!  4 stars = for their Fried Bangus (milkfish).  Portion is huge and the sauce that comes with it is super complimentary!  Yum!  5 stars = for their fried to perfection Lechon Kawali served with Mang Tomas!  Yum.  It can't get any better than this dish.  Not too greasy, and not too fried.  Crisped to perfection I tell ya!  This place deserves a second round of trial.  Filipino food isn't easy to cook with consistency you know, so maybe there was a bad round of cooked food when you came in.  They have an extensive menu so I'm excited to come back and try more!
I'm gonna have to go against the grain compared to the negative reviews and rate this place a five star. Hands down, this is the best Filipino restaurant in Vegas! Not even close to the other Filipino restaurants in town.  I've been here a few times for both lunch and dinner and the food was always great. The portion is big compared to the other Filipino restaurants which I'm very impressed with. We always order the Lechon Kawali which always comes crispy. The Pork Sisig was delicious. The Grilled Squid was out of this world! The Chicken Inasal was tender and flavorful. The only dish i did not like was the Palabok. The noodles were hard and the dish lacked flavor. Instead, order the Langonisa Fried Rice. You can't go wrong with fried rice.  We've always had great service every time we come here. The servers are very friendly and attentive. The food will not be served as fast as if you were at a Chinese restaurant but the staff will check on you and refill your drinks.  If you are on a diet, this is not the place to eat. Majority of the popular dishes here are deep fried. But, if you want to eat in the best Filipino restaurant in Vegas, this is the spot... and the karaoke nights on weekend is fun too.
I love the pinakbet and the crispy chicharon bulaklak. service was ok. I would highly recommend the leche Flan and the halo halo with leche Flan bomb...
I'd give it 3.5 stars. I had the longanisa fried rice (very tasty), the binagoongan (very very good and i love the crispiness of the skin, but there is a weird aftertaste that i couldn't figure out), and the sigsig (it was alright). I am Filipino, but I'm pretty "Americanized" so I'm not sure if this may be a fair review. I will probably try some other items on the menu to gauge a better taste for the food. Took a minute to be seated, but the service was great once we sat down. Never had to ask for a refill.
Hands down, the best sisig we've tasted in the US. Service sucked though. Took a really long time for us to be seated (although there were a few empty tables), waitress took an even longer time to come back to get our order and we were already halfway done with our meal when the sisig came out. The table beside us who came in later than us got their sisig way ahead of us so maybe they forgot our order. Good thing the sisig was worth the wait! Will definitely go back for that.
Large portions for a cheap price - decent food, but everything is ridiculously greasy. Incredibly slow service despite only 2 tables of people there. We waited nearly an hour just for fried rice, lumpia and lechon - all quick dishes. Add to that the fact that the restaurant smelled like an awesome combination of bagaong and patis with a hint of sewage... It made 50 min seem like an eternity.   Pork adobo fried rice was just ok in flavor but did have a lot of meat and egg. I liked how crispy the lechon was, but it was crispy from being deep fried vs roasted crisp like lechon is supposed to be. Even for fried food standards, the lechon was REALLY oily, sitting in a pool of grease. Although i noticed that my take out lechon looks different from the pics other ppl posted while dining in. I've had better lechon at other places, but the brown dipping sauce at DT's is crazy good, I couldn't get enough. Their lumpia seems homemade and $8 for a dozen isn't bad.   DT's definitely isn't my new go to for Filipino food, but it'll do in a pinch if I'm too lazy to drive further. Just remember to call in your order ahead of time.
Our first visit here a couple months ago was nice. Service was just okay, I chose to let it go because I thought I was expecting too much from them. But I'm currently writing this on our second visit and although they have great food, the service here is TERRIBLE (regarding just one of the middle aged servers). Upon seating our server made no verbal interaction with us. Upon asking for the lunch special menu she walked off after giving us the "just one moment" signal. Coming back to give is the menus she just set them down on the table and walked off again! I'm writing this during our 24 minute wait to take our order. During that 24 minutes we tried to get her attention and what did she do? She waved us off to wait. We haven't even gotten any water yet. Definitely going to be speaking to a manager about this. We ended up just getting up and leaving. I accidentally left my phone on the table and what do you know, our server comes out to give it to me saying sorry. Like really? Sorry? I mean, I coulda gotten my phone on my own, all I wanted from you was to take our order -___-
Service is bad, bad, bad. Although the food is okay portion, the staff there brings this rating way down.   I was there during a lunch rush, although it wasn't completely slammed, a female server was heard yelling from the kitchen about how SHE IS F****** WORKING!!!! Crickets after that and everyone in the dining area turned that direction in complete shock.   Aside from this little mishap,  you can't get seated, order you meal, get your check and pay in a timely fashion at all. I almost left exact change when I got my bill, but decided tip lite anyway.   Food is full of grease, just about everything on their lunch menu is fried. What a disappointment.   I won't be back and I hope for the sake of this place they will consider hiring staff with some customer service skills.   Oh and WTF, FOX news is the only news network they show!
I just finished eating the sisig, which was pretty good.  It came in a sizzling pan, with a freshly cracked egg on top, so that's always a plus in my book. The sisig is on the mushy side, without taking into consideration the cartilage from the pork ear.  Personally, I like it when my sisig has a bit of a crunch, aside from the ears.  And unfortunately, that was the only dish I had there.  However, one dish, one experience can leave a lasting impression on a patron of a particular establishment.   I regretfully have to admit that this place is one of those "the food was good, but the service was lacking" types of places.  When I walked in, I was not greeted at all; I had to greet them - so that set the tone.  Also, the water had some floaty, translucent, what looked like aquatic dust particle things in it, so I did not drink any of it.  This might be a Vegas thing though, since it is not the only restaurant that has this. The two staff members working the floor did not convey approachability either. They were at most, somewhat attentive, but thrice disengaged.  Overall service out of five = two.    One thing that I feel bad about is not tipping.  During my meal, I had already planned on the amount I was going to tip.  When it came time to pay, one of the staff members busted out the ipad, swiped my card, and made me sign, with my finger to the screen.  Usually, there is an option to tip, and sometimes the tip is already calculated to 10%, 15%, or 20% of the total bill.  However, this didn't happen.  Perhaps it was skipped? Maybe this could be added as something to look into and implement if it has not already been done.  Because the food was pretty good, two stars became three.  Lastly, I am glad that the staff was not rude.  However, I do not think that a patron should be thinking this.
Stopped by before heading home to pick up some food.  The restaurant is clean and has a touch of elegance (dark wooden chairs and tables) not common in a typical pinoy restaurant.  They even have flat screens around the place but are playing CNN very loud.  Doesn't quite match the ambience the room feels.   Who wants to go out to eat and watch TV?  In addition, some of the wait staff are friendly while some aren't,  flat affect (no facial expression).  Most of the food on the menu are $9+.  A bit expensive for pinoy food.  I ordered some fish dish $9.  Turon $6 and eggplant $6.  The wait was timely, about 20 min as promised.    So we went home, to our surprise, the food was terrible!  Its too salty and they added an extra bagoong on the side.  Why?  If you want premature stroke, come eat here.
The food's very greasy and they served hot food cold.The owners son is very rude and arrogant, only reason for dining is for convenience otherwise i wont.
We went as a family to this place because of a birthday last night. As we entered, we were properly greeted by the host and were seated with the party. The server greeted us, drinks were asked and delivered. So far so good.  A few minutes later, food was presented and delivered. There was beef caldereta, sinigang, pinakbet, sisig, etc. I found everything great except the sisig. It didn't have that "crunch" texture like the traditional one. And yes, I did try it without mixing that raw egg on top. Food wasn't too greasy or have a dirty atmosphere like the other Filipino restaurants (Ahem Ahem... Lafayette square, pinoy pinoy, kapit bahay). That's right! I said it. As a born and raised Las Vegan, I have the right to say that. This filipino restaurant is one of the few (3) I would actually recommend to my friends and family.  I would've given this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the sisig and the waitress forgot the serving spoon I asked for. She looked directly at my face and said just minute. It wasn't that busy. 2 tables and a party isn't overwhelming. I wasn't going to rudely re-use my spoon in the rice pot on front of other guests. So waitress, if you're reading this, you know who you are...focus!
I've been here a few times. It's not bad. The service was always good. Nothing really popped out on the items I've tried. So far, I've had the lechon kawawa (kawali) x2, dinuguan, and fish ball appetizer.  Lechon kawawa: Extra crispy, deep fried, and very healthy for you. Served with the infamous Mang Tomas roast sauce. Very similar to the competition out there. I didn't complain.  Dinuguan: This was actually my favorite out of the items that I had. I'm not a big fan of this dish but I still pho'ks with it. It was good and there was nothing left on the plate. I wish it was a tad bit spicier.  Fish ball appetizer: Fish ball was my favorite street fare snack in P.I. I was really excited to see it on the menu. I remember the sauces that they had when eating fish ball. A spicy chili sauce and a sweet teriyaki sauce that was quickly dipped before going to town on dem thangs. Unfortunately non of those came with the order. It came with this vinegar sauce that I didn't really care for. I didn't finish this appetizer.  Something I do need to come back for and try is their roasted lechon which is served in the evenings. I will have to do an update for this dish whenever I get the chance to stuff my face with it.  Also, FYI, no free refills on my iced tea...   All in all, I'll come back if I need my fix. Will update on the roasted lechon.
If I could rate a 0, I would!!!  We've been here several times during the week in the early afternoon and service and food are usually great here. The 1 star rating is from our experience a few weeks back (I'm pretty sure I checked in that day).   It was a Sunday afternoon, and we walked in - all of the servers in the dining room just stare at as for a few minutes. Finally, one of them comes over and seats us at a huge table since all the booths were taken. We get our menus, ask for waters and a melon juice. A few minutes later, still no water or melon juice!   A few more minutes pass, and our server comes back to take out order, and still no drinks! We ask to order the lechon because the menu clearly says available after 1pm, which it had just turned 1pm when we arrived. She tells us she has to ask the cook if it's ready because it usually isn't ready until 4pm. Then why the hell does your menu say 1pm?!   We order the binagoongan (I think I spelled that wrong) and the pata tim. She walks away to put our order in, and you guessed it - no drinks! Our fried rice comes and the guy (looked like he may have been a manager?) asks if we need anything else, and we ask for water (granted, we could've asked someone but no one was even paying attention as they walked passed us and I hate when people raise their hands and say "excuse me!"). He looks at our table and realized we don't have drinks and he apologizes because our server must have forgotten.   The pata tim was extremely gamey (if you cook a pork hock correctly, it shouldn't have such a strong pig taste) and the fried rice was just ok. The mango on top of the fried rice was still frozen!   We ask for boxes and our check. I look at the bill, and just as I suspected, they charged me for my melon juice which I never got. She asked if I still wanted it, and at that point I was so over it I didn't even want it anymore! They took it off our bill, we paid with a card, and for whatever reason you can't add a tip on a card unless you specify beforehand. So we asked one of the servers to break a $20 for us, and she tries to give me our bill again!!! I told her that I just needed change and we already paid.   She comes back with a $10 and 2 $5's, assuming we would leave a $5 after one of the worst dining experiences ever!!! I wasn't gonna leave a $5 because it was not deserved. This is one of the few times I've ever left a significantly small tip...I've tipped higher to baristas and for to-go orders!!!! I've worked in F&B for over 10 years, and I know it's important to tip especially at a full service restaurant, but there was no way in hell I was tipping our server for that experience!!!   As I mentioned before, food here is normally great and so is service. Throughout service, one of the servers was behind the register texting and in my opinion, it's extremely inappropriate to do so in the dining room, especially when your tables can't even get a glass of water!  Maybe it was because it was a Sunday and it was lunch time, but there is no excuse to forget water or for servers who are not attentive to their tables, let alone their surrounding tables.
Worst customer service ever! First off, we waited for a good 5 minutes before anyone even took notice of us to get us seated. Then we placed our order and waited 30 minutes for our food to finally come out. Why did it take them 30 minutes to make our food when it wasn't busy at all? Plus a family came in 10 minutes after us and received their food the same time!! WHY? That really pissed me off! On top of everything they gave us the appetizer with our entrees all at the same time. Never checked on us until we were done just to hand the check and then realized we were out of drinks! Come on people.. either get some experienced servers instead of young teenagers who go right to texting on there cell phones after they finish taking our orders! Well the food was decent, only plus is that its the only one on my side of town but probably will never go here again unless i'm making a to go order but i'll make sure to come 45 minutes after i call if i do =)
Filipino food. Simple, good, work out needed afterwards. Get the pork sisig. Try the crispy pata & the kare kare, you can even order it fused together. Feeling adventurous? I am.
If I can give this place negative 5 I would because that's what our experience was...NEGATIVE!! We decided to go out of our way on our last day in town to try this place upon the recommendation of our Pinay waitress at an Italian restaurants that we were at on a previous day.  When we got to DT's we were not promptly greeted like they couldn't care less they have another customer. When we were finally seated, my husband and I were carrying a menu from the front desk and I guess they figured 1 menu is enough for 2 people. Waited another 15-20 minutes to even get any attention from our waitress. We ordered the following: 1 water, 1 pepsi, Dinuguan, Pork Sisig & Garlic Rice. Simple enough I thought...apparently I thought wrong. It took our waitress 30 minutes to bring our Water & Pepsi. 30 minutes!?!?! Seriously?!! People were coming inside the resto as well as picking up food well after us and we noticed they were getting their food before us with more orders than we did. WTF??? I figured maybe what we ordered were complicated to make, hell maybe they needed  to freaking catch the pig, kill it and gut it out first that's why its taking too damn long. After waiting a ridiculous 1 hour since we got there to get absolutely nothing, we decided to finally walk out. I mean our waitress didn't even check on us, no refill on our drinks, no ETA in how long it will be...NOTHING. So i can't even leave a review for the food is the funny thing. For DT owner and employees...google customer service for your own business and job's sake. I'm Filipino and you made me ashamed and disgusted and completely wasted our time. Definitely will not recommended this place to anybody.  Will NEVER return again.
Foods great but owner is M-O-O-D-Y! It wasn't even busy in there so maybe she was just having a bad day...they don't care about their customers...I'm waving my glass for a refill and they ignored me 3x! And it wasn't even busy...when it was time to pay they made me walk my ass up to the front to pay
Wow, What a really small place for a restaurant.. They should really think about a bigger place.. I felt like i was in a sardine can.  On to the food,.  If you love salt go here,. Every dish is loaded with tons of salt! With Heavy grease on the side.. The owner apparently is vietnamese so you can expect very subpar pinoy dishes. There are a lot better pinoy food places in las vegas. DT's is probabley the worst filipino food in las vegas. Fiesta Filipina on st Rose and Eastern is the closest to real pinoy dish i have found in las vegas.
i'm proud of them! ate there last night and service was wayyyyyyyyyy better
Came here for the first time today. The food was great, but the servers were so slow and inattentive. Their pork sinigang reminded me of Lola's back in the PI. Lechon kawali was fried to perfection, non of it was over cooked and dry. The Bicol express had good flavor and a mild kick while the longanisa fried rice needed a touch of seasoning. My only problem with this place was the service. They are very SLOW! I would see them on their cell phones texting. After dropping the food off at the table, they never came back to refill our drinks or to check up on us. It took an additional 10-15 just to get the attention of our server to get to-go boxes and our check. I work in a restaurant, I know how it gets when it gets busy but dang, they weren't that busy. The girls were polite and friendly but they need to focus on their job. I still want to try this place a couple more times, I hope I get better service next time.
When I go to a restaurant there are two things that  I look food good food and excellent service. This place gets the equation 25% of the time. The food is good have of the time and the service is horrid at all times. Well, at least, there is some sort of consistency in this place. The owners are a husband and wife tandem bot are equally rude. The husband is so socially awkward or just haughty that I gave up figuring it out. They also own an Asian store, which I use to frequent, so my criticism is not a snap judgement.  The servers reflect the attitude of te owners,too. I tried the binagoongan, which everyone raved about, I found it too salty. Paksiw na lechon was decent. I am utterly surprised that this place is a restaurant. When bad food is combined with horrible service, a diner might as well go to a mess hall or devour school lunch, at least they are cheaper. If you like being ignored when you eat at a place, you will enjoy this place.
Las Vegas doesn't have enough decent or delicious Filipino food. This on that not commercialized and decent. I can't say it's always consistent everyone I order but they get it right 8 of 10 visits. They place is small but cozy, friendly and good selection of menu items. I come 1-2x a week.  Service can be 50/50 depending on the servers. You mostly have to flag them down. It's small enough to get the attention.   I wouldn't order Lechon Baboy...for some reason the Lechon doesn't come out hot. I've asked them 2 today to heat it up but because it's fried they said they had to remake it but it was still cold when they delivered it.
If you want a good home cooked breakfast Filipino style, then come home to DT's in the am. All the silogs are a hit! I guarantee you'll love it!
Service was fast but the food was not good tasting too much seasoning and spice, when this was brought up to server, the cook came out and tried to defend his cooking skills, acting childish. Would not recommend to friends.
Place is okay looking... Server "short lady long ponytail" was rude and as if she didnt like taking any orders... She reaches on our table back n forth without saying excuse me... Lol   I ordered melon juice... The melon seems very hard however the juice is good. We also got pork sinigang, very good however the meat should be made with less pork fat. Pansit palabok tasted ok n beef caldereta is good.
Decent food but customer service is horrible!! Ordered 3 party trays online as they said it was the best way to go if you were ordering trays. What is the purpose of putting a pick up time on your order if they are not going to be ready anyway?!  I ordered them a day before, called before I drove out to pick up and still the food was not ready!  Worse, 2 servers saw me walked in and did not say a thing or greeted, I had to flag somebody. They need to learn a thing or two about good customer service and actually preparing their food on time.
First time here. Had crispy chicken for lunch. $8.99 gets you soup, rice, pancit, 2 shanghai lumpia, and half a chicken!!! Did I mention HALF A CHICKEN??!! Needless to say, lunch was quite filling. The chicken skin was ultra crispy and meat was moist. The dipping sauce was similar to what you'd get from a Chinese restaurant when ordering roast duck. Will definitely be back to try other dishes. Coworker has bistek Tagalog and she said it was good as well as my other coworkers pork adobo. Will update once I try more dishes.
A nice place to dine in... Food was awesome... Though the pata tim has only 3 pieces of pata per order... But the taste is good... Over all a fine place to eat out with...
I usually don't eat here often, only when my relatives want Filipino food & just forced to tag along. & You know what's sad? I think they have WAY better pho here compared to Jenni Pho & Pho Annie. Seriously, try the pho if you're not  into their Filipino food lol.   The only Filipino food I love more than anything is beefsteak & theirs is good. Not the best but it is good. I also tried the avocado boba & I was not expecting the "smoothie" ice to be so coarsely grounded. But the flavor was good, I just wish they blended it into finer ice. The food here overall is just decent. Service is never on top though. Some days the service will be OK, & some days you'll get a rude server.   I won't eat here unless I'm forced to & you're paying & I will only order pho.
Pros: friendly staff (???) Cons: took too long for the food to come, ambiance is really confusing, food was ok, nothing special. TVs are playing sports making the ambiance even more confusing.
Food is eh and this is from someone who hasn't had Filipino food in a year. What really makes it bad is the awful service my family took me here for Veterans Day, at first they tried to stick us next to people when the place was empty and then we waited 10 minutes for drinks and the waitress barely camps by to refill or check on us maybe only once the entire hour we were their.   Mediocre food Worst service I have ever had in Vegas especially from fellow Filipinos  Would rather have had L&L next door
Horrible Service.. Ordered to go via phone. Still had to wait for an hour when I got there. Servers ignoring me. When I got my food, so disappointed. Waste of money. They are not cheap too. There are better places to go for filipino food. Never again.
I haven't ate filipino food in a long time but I like it.  We ordered the lechon kawali and the pork adobo fried rice.  Both were very delicious and the price was reasonable.  I thought it would be bigger inside but it looks a little small.  The only thing I didn't like was that we waited forever to be seated.  I literally almost fell asleep waiting for the hostess or waitress to come up to us and we went on a Wednesday night.
This place suck!!! I called to make a simple order(lechon kawali) the chic took my order and than said she needed my credit card to pay for it right away. I told her no I was paying cash. She than told me hold on and spoke to someone in the back regarding my situation. When she came back on she said oh sorry it will be ready at 730 pm-mind u it was only 430 pm. I told her why so late because I was paying cash and I refuse to give her my credit card? she than said oh no they are backed up on orders. At 6pm we drove there since we live right next to it and it was empty. They still weren't taking orders. I wanted to tell them how da hell do u run a business and can't handle the production-jus say u closing early instead of lying to your customers.
I've been to DT's a few times and I can honestly say overall I'm a fan.   Two words "Kamayan Nights". Every Thursday night they have this thing where they'll serve you this huge pile of food on banana leaves and you use nothing but your hands, my kind of people and dining. The menu always changes and there are different tiers based on the number of people with more items the higher tier. The lowest tier was a party of 4 for about $60 which included about 12 items. The top tier was a party of 10 for $110 which includes everything from each of the lower tiers and total to about 23 different items. I don't know if I would setup a UYE for this who knows where everyone's hands been LOL but I would definitely gowith the family.  Ask for their breakfast menu which I believe is served all day. For only $6.99 you have your choice of 8 items from longanisa, corn beef, adobo, fried fish, and a few more served with fried rice and 2 eggs. If you're looking for a meal under $10 there you go. I had the adobo with scramble eggs it was alright good size and filling for the price. The adobo wasn't the best I've had but satisfying, I did clean my plate out completely.  Ask for their lunch menu which they serve from 11AM-4PM. For $8.99, another meal under $10, you get your choice of a few items served with lumpia, a soup, steam or fried rice, and a nice helping of pancit. I've had the lechon kawali which was good. So much food I was full half way through. Another is the Bistek it's marinated steak with onions, apparently it's a must have each time we've gone from work majority of us are having it.  Outside of their lunch and breakfast menus and Kamayan Nights they have halo halo for dessert, pho yes you heard me right its not that bad actually, and a huge menu of other items. They also have karaoke with lots TVs spread throughout and without TFC or GMA playing. I think they are doing an excellent job here. Its very clean, decorated like your typical Filipino spot meaning using a lot of decoration from other Asians but not like filt. There have plenty of tables and booths, plenty of space to accommodate even large group, I've been here in group of 10 and 12 with many others there and it went smoothly.  I'm a tech junky so having a webpage, being able to order online, it's pos system, signing with your finger, etc I like a lot.   Honestly its hard for me to get blown away with Filipino food outside from my home probably because I eat the good stuff so often but their food satisfies the craving when there are no Filipino food at home.  I would say the food is ok and more reliable than amazing. Plus it is always busy when I'm there so they're doing something right.
So my family is in town and we were brainstorming what to eat. My suggestions got trumped for a recommendation from a cousin of mine and my SIL's friend who lives here for this place.   The portions were decent, the price was decent, overall the taste wasn't bad and the menu is large with some regional cooking I don't see on very many menus (and wtf, pho?!).... but man the service and food here was so slow!  They were making a bunch of trays and large party take out orders instead of our order. By the time we waited, finished eating and were leaving, they weren't even picked up! There weren't very many customers at this point, only 3 other tables to be served.  Sinegang shrimp - it's standard, it's fine. I would be surprised if anyone can screw this up.  Dinuguan - this is probably the better I've had taste wise, but I'm used to tangy than a tiny bit sweet. I asked for vinegar and got soy/vinegar/sugar mix each time I asked for it which was really weird why they wouldn't give me straight vinegar at a Filipino joint. Their style of cooking is less tangy than I cook and a bit sweet.  Lechon Kawali - this was good lechon, nice melty fat but was deep fried so some bits were too crispy since it wasn't roasted.  Pompano on the grill - decent, the fish tasted fresh  Pancit - this was passable Ampalaya - It had eggs and ground meat and tomato. Pretty decent, but I can't eat a lot since I'm not a huge fan of ampalaya on it's own.   Sisig - normally this is the favorite and what goes fast, but it was one of the items left because it wasn't that great. It was missing flavor. I added some of that soy/vinegar/sugar dip they kept giving me instead of vinegar to try to help it.   I don't know why my family got halo halo and turon seeing as it took so long to eat, but the turon with ube ice cream was pretty nicely done. I did not try the halo halo, but they didn't have flan and as much variety of toppings on it. My nephew got a sago and gulaman and said it was way too sweet. A kid (who naturally loves sugary junk) had to pour water into it.   Service was meh. Like I said, the kitchen took a long time. The front of staff were just okay. We didn't get plates for a while and then didnt get water until 20-30 minutes after being seated. Plates after eating and waiting for desserts werent cleared and we had to tell them we want to take home leftovers then were given ill suited boxes for them - too large and one thing was really soupy for a clamshell container. We had to ask for the check. We had to flag for items we need. The service just felt very pre- occupied with something that wasn't serving us.   A plus is it's a sit down and seems to be made to order since the food was hot when received which this place had going for them. Unfortunately, I don't think it's worth the drive from the NW even though there isn't much out here.
They really need to work on their customer service. Went here because I told my relatives that they actually have really good pho but next time I'm just gonna take the drive to Pho Kim Long since it took what felt like 40 mins to prepare 4 bowls of rare steak pho with tendons.   The sad part was that it wasn't busy at all. The girl seated us and walked away and we waited like 10 mins before a different girl took our drink orders. THEN the original girl came and asked for our drink orders. Drinks took about freaking 10 minutes. I could see the lack of communication there. And I also noticed that 2 people walked in and were waiting to be seated and when I was looking at the workers they were just standing around talking to each other and the lady got her own menu and sat herself and her friend down. And then there was a worker behind us, (I'm assuming maybe the chef) who was just talking to the people behind us for the whole 40 minutes of waiting for our food (I just really hope he was off of his shift). Anyway, perhaps they should put a note on their menu that pho take an extra hour to cook. I just didn't understand why it took SO long when it wasn't even busy and we asked for RARE steak pho. You don't even have to cook it! To top that off they forgot to add in our tendons and we wait another 5 minutes for that to come out. You can probably imagine how irritated we all were.   So the pho just tasted decent too. The broth wasn't even boiling hot. It felt as if the our food was just sitting in the kitchen for a while. Everything just went wrong for us at this place.   NEVER again! Even if the pho is good, the customer service here makes you lose your appetite.
I've been here a couple times, and the food is alright. Nothing special about it, but I might be biased since I usually have homemade Filipino food.  We ordered beef calderetta, pork adobo, grilled bangus, and halo halo for dessert. The beef calderetta was actually pretty good. I think I'd have to say it was my favorite dish of the night. It kind of tasted sweet, not typical of any calderetta I've ever had but I'm not complaining. The pork adobo was also a little sweeter than any adobo I'm used to. As for the grilled bangus, it was...really bland. And the halo halo didn't even have buko in it! While the food was okay, it didn't taste authentically Filipino to me.  The service was hit or miss. There would be times where the waiters and waitresses would always check up on us, followed by periods of neglect. Also, the waiting time for the food was really long, considering it wasn't that busy.  Overall, this was place alright. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, but I wouldn't throw a fit if someone was going to take me here.
Love the food alot ex. SIsig,sinigang, lechon and crispy pata yummm :) . But dont go here when ur extremely hungry coz it takes a long wait for ur food to be serve :) servers are sweet and polite. Nice and clean place. Overall  i love this place.
This place was a hit or miss for me.  Been here a few times, keep in mind, I do not live in this side of town.  I went here for the first time, with my best friend when they just opened.  They didn't have certain things on their menu.  OK, I get it.  They're pretty high tech with their iPads.  That was cool.  The food was pretty great that first time.    I went again a second time when my sister gave birth and was in Summerlin Hospital. The food was pretty great or I was just really hungry.  I took my niece and nephew and they enjoyed the spaghetti.  I went there again and I ordered the adobo and sinigang.  The adobo was very cold and the sinigang was just warm.  They have a worker there that is very RUDE.  It's the guy who look Filipino and when you speak Tagalog to him he would look at you with a condescending look and say I DON'T SPEAK TAGALOG, Well that's okay, because I speak English VERY WELL.  What an a$$hole!   Word of caution, DO NOT GO THERE for their "KAMAYAN" night.  I do this with my family at home, with the whole banana leaves that's spread out.  The way they serve their food in the "kamayan" night makes for a very GROSS smorgasbord of food you do not want to mix.  IT was a MESS! Do yourselves a favor and contact me for advise as to how to do this CORRECTLY!  Homemade food is so much preferable.  I can cook most of the stuff they have, I'm just on the go a lot.  One thing is for sure, I WILL NEVER EAT here again.
Ive been here twice now.  Both times service was great.  Have had the the pancit bihon, bitter beef, beef caldereta, lamb caldereta, bagoong fried rice, boba drinks, bangus, beef adobo, bulalo.  Think Ive had more :) All were good, but the bagoon fried rice and beef caldereta stood out for me.  If youre craving filipino and dont feel like cooking, this is the place.
The place is too crowded, if you are coming with your family and some of you guys are above the average size of a filipino be prepared to be squished. Service wasn't on point we had to keep asking on our own for water refills and napkins. The food was good but be prepared for all the grease the food contains(you think regular homemade, seafoodcity, etc filipino food is greasy this place is over the top lol) They charge $1 to add a little piece of leche flan for your halo halo(who does that!!?) Not worth it, Save your money and eat somewhere else.
The reviews of this place seem to indicate good food but terrible service. We must have gone on a good night because the service was good and the food came out pretty quickly.  We ordered way too much food, but my Dad wanted a good sample of their offerings. We had Sotanghon Guisado, Ginataang Sitaw at Kalabasa, Bicol Express, Crispy Binagoongan, Crispy Pata, and Dinengdeng na Labong. I named that last dish last because it was the only thing that we didn't enjoy. The fish was good but the overall dish was way too salty.  Everything else was great. The prices were great. The Calamansi Juice was refreshing. Nice, satisfying dinner.  We'll be back to try their Kamayan night.
I typically don't write reviews but my experience was just ridiculous! I've eaten at this place twice before. The food is mediocre but it is the only Filipino restaurant in the SW Vegas area. However, the service is extremely poor! The third time I visited this restaurant was with my parents. As we walked in, I saw there were many empty tables. We stood there for literally 10 mins without acknowledgement from the staff. Now I typically have low expectations for Filipino restaurants with their service since they generally just suck. DT's just completely pissed me off. The server or I guess probably the daughter or the owner had her boyfriend with her behind the counter. Very unprofessional! He was saying things like, "I don't like Filipino food." Well guess where you are  dude?! He was touching her on her butt where customers can see. All I was thinking was, "What the F is she thinking?!" So after the wait, we were seated at a wet table. They asked us for our drink order and it took another 15 mins for it to come out! Then we ordered our food and it took forever to come out! I love the boneless bangus and it didn't come out boneless! The shrimp sinigang had like 5 pieces of shrimp and they use the flavoring packet! The kare-kare barely had vegetables! The only thing I liked was the ice cream dessert. I seriously hate this restaurant and I would NEVER EVER come back or recommend this place to anyone. I'd rather drive 20 mins to Max's by UNLV to get Filipino food.
I was the worst critic of this place but because there are no choices nearby for Filipino food, I've kept trying and let me tell you, they have improved drastically. My favorite is the Chicken Inasal. ..and today even their lunch special and it's quite great.
Sorry guys, being in Los Angeles, we were spoiled by authentic and fusion Filipino cuisine. Here, many dine-in restaurants and even to go foods are awesome. That will be my point of comparison.   Our friends brought us to this restaurant being one the of the top in the LV area. The lechon sinigang was a weird tasting sinigang (fried pork fat in sour soup) without the traditional veggies. The bangus bistek was totally a bad dish, the texture of the fish was so hard,  smothered with soggy onions and a soup like sauce. Pwe!!! The "pangat"  na pompano is another weird looking dish with bokchoy. Another bad dish was the pinakbet that looked like a three day old warmed up dish from the refrigirator.  But in fairness, the "okoy" was one of the best I've tasted, next to Chef Tatung of Taguig. So next time I am in Vegas, I will just go to the buffett or drive around Spring Mountain for dimsum or Thai cooking.
When I'm in the mood for good Filipino food (and I'm on the southwest side) - I head straight to DT's Filipino Food.  I've been here 3 times and have never left with an unsatisfied stomach. I'm a sinigang lover for sure whether it be pork or shrimp. I like my sinigang really sour and acidic so I was a tad bit disappointed that the sinigang here wasn't exactly what I was looking for (I guess nothing will ever beat my mom's sinigang), but it will have to do. I still found myself drinking the bowl to the very last drop. I also have a passion for dinuguan (not most people do), but I love the dinuguan here! I can never get enough. Their shrimp fried rice is also delicious. (Just thinking about the food here is tempting me to head back for dinner since I live nearby, haha.)   Anyways.. I'm surprised this place has low ratings. I love this place and will continue to be a dine-in and take-out customer.
Tried this Filipino restaurant for lunch today. The dishes we ordered were pretty descent. We had 5 dishes: pork sinigang, bulalo, vegetarian delight, Lechon kawali, and crispy binagoongan. My kids enjoyed the sinigang & Lechon kawali. Crispy binagoongan was too salty for me though, it requires a lot of rice to eat it. When we got home, my hubby & I were knocked out on the couch, we slept for a good 2-3 hrs! Perhaps the msg is the culprit. :) Will definitely return. We didn't have problem with the service at all. It's nice to have a Filipino restaurant in the southwest area.
We drive over there with my family and ate. Their service is a little slow, other than that We love the food. Love the daing na bangus and binagoongan pork. To go is better than dining in.
Let me start by saying I am a native of Las Vegas third generation to be exact and have seen filipino restaurants come and go. The good ones tend to be good for awhile then they get lazy. The quality if food goes to crap and just don't care. Hence the fall of some of these restaurants. For example; I am writing this with a horrible stomach ache and after throwing up and having diarrhea for the last 5 hours. Since I ordered food to go last night. And it didn't sit waiting for me. I was actually waiting for them to finish cooking it. I had the binagoong fried rice, and lechon kawali. Which I have had there many times before. Like I said restaurants get comfortable and start to lack in pride and the service they are providing for the Filipino community.  We as Filipinos support our community in everything they do. But since this has happened to me. I'm sorry to say; I no longer support this business.  I don't write reviews unless it's something really major. Date of occurrence 4/15/2014
Update from my dining experience on 04/26/2014.  I was in town for the weekend apartment hunting due to my latest reassignment to Las Vegas. After an awesome night at Haze nightclub, I still had to be up early to check out a few apartments I had in mind and that's when I stumbled upon DT's Filipino Restaurant. I just needed something to soak up all the alcohol and I can assure you that the Lechon Kawali I had definitely did the job. It was extremely crispy and the portion was huge.  The only downside is the service which was very slow although they were very polite.
Best Filipino food I've had in Vegas! Good crispy Pata and palabok. Generous halo-halo portion size :-)
The food is great but as some of the other reviews say the service is terrible. I called to order food to go at 9:26PM and whoever answered the phone said that they were closed. I said well it says you close at 10:00PM. She then stated that they stop taking orders at 9:20PM. Usually all restaurants will allow you to order until your closing time. They had 24 minutes and couldn't take my order? I thought that was ridiculous. Turn down a paying customer just so your staff doesn't have to do extra work before closing? That is horrible service.
This place is crap. We wanted to try the "kamayan" and called ahead to set up a reservation for a party of 8 and the lady who answered the phone said that they don't do reservations for "kamayan" cause you have to pay first. I guess that should have been our red flag right there but since we're so intrigued by the whole idea of kamayan we went to the restaurant hoping that they can seat us. They said that we have to pay in advance then make a reservation. Hhhmmm that's a first for us. It's a restaurant business and should they anticipate the demand for their costumers. To top it off, the waiting area was so tiny and we waited for about 10 mins. for them to actually acknowledge us. It was just not a good experience.
I haven't really tried everything but I tend to stick to what I'm comfortable with when it comes to Filipino food. Fried chicken skins and sinigang soup is what I order here every time. Other than that I don't really want to try anything else since if I ever want to eat Filipino food I just ask my sister to make it. Maybe I'll have the courage to try something else in the future
Much better experience this time around. As my brother in law said, "the service was delightful." lol
7:30 dinner at DT. I actually wanted to go to Cafe De Cebu but majority rules- they wanted DT.   After reading the bad reviews I was wary of trying this place. I actually came in here with a bad mood. Like those snickers commercials-- I'm not myself when I'm hungry.   As I was walking in I read Pho--in neon lights--above of the door... Great... This isn't going to be authentic Pinoy food....  Service is cool, not attentive though. The whole time they didn't check up on us. We had some beverages that needed to be refilled and my calamansi juice was running low. However the servers do come when called.   We ordered the crispy pata, bicol express, tortang talong, and bbq chicken.   Crispy pata was nice and crispy, pretty good (ask for mang tomas) and they gave a lot of it.   Bicol express had some Thai influence (was told the owner is Thai) bc it looked like and taste a little like spicy pan ang-- just with seafood. It wasn't bad, surprisingly it tasted good.   Tortang talong was freshly made and with the stir fried bagoong-- pretty good.   Okay so far 3 for 3.   Until the BBQ chicken. That shiiet was hella dry.... Probably sitting under the heat lamp since lunch time. So I'll knock off a star for that move.... Don't serve food that's been sitting there! Ppl can get sick with that kind of mentality. I read a bad reviews on this place and the guy said he had diarrhea bc of something he ate at this place. Wouldn't be surprised if its bc some cook forgot to put meat back in the walk in/freezer.   All in all, DT is cool. They give a lot of food; there were 4 of us and we still had leftovers. I'd say it's a little pricey for dinner, especially the dessert... I really wanted turon with ice cream (!!) but for $6 I'll pass... If I feel like having some Pinoy food I might come here, since it's close by my house... but idk, I'm still on the fence about this place.    Let me try Cafe de Cebu first! I saw on their yelp pic-- turon with ube ice cream for $3.99!
I ordered the crispy pata. Pancit, menudo, thai tea and coke drink. Then a separate order of flan (dessert) to go. Majority of the main dishes come with one scoop of rice.  The crispy pata; my mother and I did enjoy as well as the pancit. It was pretty good. But we both agreed that the menudo was weird tasting and didn't like it at all. The rice wasn't soft... It was really hard! Why?? The flan was for my boyfriend (who's cuban) in his opinion... He loves it.   All in all, the food was good except for the menudo. But beware the service is horrible. There are people waiting a long time at the door to be seated because no one pays any attention to them and I was one of them. I do admit I didn't leave a tip only because I had no cash on me. I normally use my debit card to leave a tip with my whole order but they don't do that? Weird policy! All the waitresses are pretty nice and sweet. I'm just don't like the owner who is so rude to her own employees. The owner by the way... Owns Asian market. If you haven't gone there yet... Check out the business on yelp! Bad reviews.
still at this place...we asked for more rice at 9:18pm, the same waitress told us that they close at 10 so they stop making rice now. wow! I'm so displeased with this place. Don't come here!!
I just gave this place more stars earlier because the food is good but if I can give Big Fat Zero on service I would!!!  We were the third customer that walked in this place I ordered 4 things i got 3 items that I ordered which was great. The last one was for my son and I'm not exaggerating it took them 45 mins to bring it out. We were all done eating and my sons crispy chicken still hasn't come out!!!!  Spoke to the manager after its been 45 mins and all he can say is "oh il take it out of your check no big deal!" Really?!!! No big deal my son is hungry here and its no big deal??? In some other restaurant I would've gotten that for free! I ended up going to hawaiian restaurant to get him some food which it only took them 10 mins to prepare!!!  So like I said the food is great but if your on a time frame don't ever go to this place coz they take forever!
Service is horrific!!! The food isn't the best but the service sucks.  Thank god L & L BBQ is near by. Don't waste your money at DTs!!!
Wow! This place is a joke! Our waitress was impatient and probably did not have a clue on what she was doing. It took about 15 mins. for her to actually give us the menu and another 15 mins. to order. We had to get up to tell her that we were ready to order. At 9:18pm, our party asked for extra rice and the waitress said that they stopped making rice since they close at 10pm... With the service they gave us, I'm not EVER coming back to this place.
The management is terrible and the owner is rude and unaccomodating..not really authentic Filipino food..just authentic Filipino workers...i prefer to go to Barkada's on Decatur and Sahara...main chef now works there, way better and atmosphere is always great
Really disappointing. The food was just decent, but the service and wait was horrible. We had to wait about 40 minutes for our food to start coming out. (We were only a party of 3). Our server didn't seem to know the menu very well and had to run to the back every time we had a question.   So there was the bad service, but the food was about average...nothing to come back for. I ordered the pork tosino breakfast and didn't really like it at all. Their Kare Kare wasn't bad so I ate that instead. It was a hot day so I got a halo-halo to finish and that was pretty good.  In the end,  I wouldn't recommend this place. You can find much better Filopino food elsewhere in Vegas.
Being filipino, I would definitely know true filipino food! This place was just okay. I tend to think that same way towards all filipino fast food/restaurants because nothing beats my dad and grandma's home cooking, or even the authentic stuff back home in the PI. But this was just an okay place for grabbing a quick filipino fix if you're in a hurry or just too lazy to cook. The pho isn't that great. But sinigang was delicious. My favorite soup! The service is aight. Not fantastic, not bad. Nothing compared to the exceptional service in the Philippines, but that's filipinos for ya. Place isn't bad nor amazing. Come if you're willing to try filipino food though!
This place has pretty good food but the service is lacking a bit. Food wait time is long but drinks are even longer, not sure why drinks would take that long. Will try again just for the food but hopefully service will improve too.
Best place to grab a bite or drink to escape the heat!  Try their halo-halo... I think it's the best in town.
I was pretty stoked to learn about a Goldilocks store near my place but wound up disappointed when we entered the store. Severely lacking of entrees to choose from and their baked goods are limited as well. Prices are a bit on the high side. Might as well go to Seafood City to buy Goldilocks pastries - generally a few cents cheaper. Lady behind the counter wasn't too pleasant nor helpful. Off day perhaps?  Maybe I'm just spoiled with other Goldilocks chain stores in California. I will check out the other one at Henderson though. Hopefully that location is much better.
Always a great source of Filipino food.
It's like being home. Sarap Pinoy food. :)
I had to give this place a second chance.  I still have issues with this place, but this time my visit here was met with much warmer and friendlier service.  The service was enough to make this place worth visiting.  Here's the deal.  It is a fast food panda express like Filipino food restaurant.  A 3 item combo was only 5.99 or you could buy just a serving of something.  I only know 2 dishes in Filipino food; pancit and adobo.  For some reason I didn't get any of that, I didn't see any in the steam trays.    I asked the ladies to just put 2 of the best dishes with some rice.  I had chicken curry and something else.  The chicken curry was decent, the other dish was like little beans like lentils.  It was ok.  They did have some fish dishes.    With the friendliness and the fact that it is super cheap I would say it is worth 3 stars. The food was not impressive, it was okay.
Why Do Some people think they can open a restaurant?  Why?  I used to feel bad disparaging a place.   Kinda along the lines of, "if you don't have anything nice to, don't say anything at all."  On the other hand, if you open a restaurant and you do not even come close to delivering a pleasurable experience you deserve to hear the truth!  Quite frankly, I am tired of people like this ruining my dining experience!  This place is in the failed Pancit Adobo location.  Honestly, I think this place will see the same fate.  The only positive thing I can say is they cleaned the place up and replaced the hideous carpet that was there before.    I walk in and there is zero signage in the store.  Nothing that says seat yourself, order here, no menu board, nothing with prices... get this... no menus!  I asked the lady behind the counter and through hand gestures the nearest I could figure was that this is a Filipino Panda Express.  The dishes in the steam table were not labeled so I had to guess and point at stuff.  Apparently, the only menu option is a 2 item combo with rice.  I asked for a 3 item combo but I  could only get a 2 item with an extra side.    So, I go to pay - "no credit cards."  The only signage in the store was a visa logo on the door and they do not take cards!!!!  Actually, at this point I didn't even know how much the total was.  I had a few bucks on me - but I just left.  I couldn't deal with such idiotic business owners anymore.  ATTENTION all business owners:  there was this new invention 40 years ago called a credit card that allows people to buy things with out cash.  Seriously, it only costs 3-4% of the sale.  So this restaurant would rather lose a sale than accept credit cards.  I don't even mind if they pass the cost on to the customer.     Even if they opened that day - No Menus??? really.  No website, no local listings.  I am not giving this place a bad review because some one was rude to me or because my ice tea wasn't just right --- this place gets a bad review because it is a poorly run business.
I had lunch here on Saturday and it was very good. I have had filipino food but am far from an expert. Very tasty and extremely well priced. This is a stickly casual place with limited seating but they do a good carry out business and the turn over is very good. I had the goat and chicken entrees with rice. Also potatoes on a skewer coated in brown sugar and several other items including squid. If you are in the area I do recommend you stop in..
I was treated like I asked them to help me hide a body. Literally had 2 people walk away from me while I asked for service; I don't care how good the food is. Extra charge if you use your debit or credit card. I just wanted to bring a combo home to surprise my boyfriend (he's Filipino).Bet if I would have had him with me I would have been treated better, but good grief. Never Again!!!
Okay, so let's make it clear...this is a fast food restaurant as stated outside and run by Asians....so expecting warm smiling people may be asking too much.  However, $5.99 for a 2 item combo is a pretty good deal.  The pork adobo is flavorful and tender, the BBQ pork is tasty but perhaps even too fatty for me.  I'll be back because there are no other Filipino options near by...they win by default.  They also have a small amount of groceries as well.
The food is ridiculously delicious! This is my go-to place for filipino food. I just wish it was bigger and better menu list.
The food was OK.  Price is good.  Service is not great. One of my pet peeves is when you walk in to a restaurant and whoever is working stares at you... like you walked waltzed in to their damn house uninvited.
STAY AWAY!!!  My wife used to love this place but NOT ANY MORE the  customer service is the WORST you will find anywhere.   THE WORST!!!!!!!!  They treat you as if it is a huge inconvenience that you even entered the store. They will glare at you and talk to you is such a rude, condescending manner you will wish you had never stopped in.  If they treat the customers like that, what kind of filth must be mixed into the food?  STAY AWAY FROM THIS VERY POORLY MANAGED, VERY RUDE PLACE!!!!!
If you live near this location, your lucky, if not, drive here! Best tasting, and best quality Filipino Cuisine on the ready! Try their other locations at Maryland Pkwy and Hendertucky and you will not be disappointed! Mabuhay!   ps. Goat Kaldereta is gonna blow your taste buds!
I stopped by here today to get food to go but after looking at the variety of food I decided to stay and eat multiple plates! I got amazing service everything I got up to try more and promise to return here soon. I highly recommend the goat, it's amazing!
No Improvement.  Very Rude workers.   If the manager is not there, beware.  I would avoid this place until they have consistent, good management that is actually on site.  They let the employees do whatever they want and treat customers badly or however , because there is NO Management on site most of the time.  BEWARE!!!!!
Best food in town.  Very fresh and very tasty.  There is a young lady in the restaurant that seems like she doesn't want to be there. But the older couple is so sweet and reminds me of a auntie that is happy to see you.  THE ADOBO is awesome!
Longanisa with vinegar dip, fried rice and egg is the bomb!
This is a gem of a find and I didn't even find it on yelp!  I was with my daughter picking up my grandson from his new Children's Center so I could see it, with a quick stop at the GoodWill next door in the same strip mall and we were leaving the parking lot to go to the Teriyaki Kitchen across the street when I saw this little place occupying the corner location as we were driving by,  I exclaimed "There's another Filipino place!". I had recently discovered Heavenly Bakery in Chandler on Yelp.  Over the next few days I tried researching it online for their hours of operation and info on what they carry and found the name "Why Cook?" associated with this address.  I tried calling the number three different times but got no answer the first time and fax screeching the next two.  Finally I asked my daughter yesterday if she would drive past it and call me with any info in their window.  She did and said they were open and read the phone number on the door which was different than the one I'd found online.  I called and was told they would be open till 7:30 or 8. I headed over as soon as I got ready.  The owners couldn't have been nicer, the aromas were delectable.  There were about six tables and the counter where you order.  There is a buffet selection with about 8 items to choose from at $4.50 for one including rice and $5.50 for two.  I was huuuungry and asked how much for three.  $1 more.  I chose some fried fish, a bowl of sinigang, and a vegetable mixture. Everything was served to me right away and it was all delicious.  The sinigang, one of my favorites since I first tasted it from the Lumpia House in Chandler back in 2007, was some of the best I'd ever had.  The fish was very crunchy and good.  I just picked it up with my fingers and chewed it off the bones.  There was about every kind of vegetable known to man in the veggie dish, green beans, okra, squash, carrots,  and several I couldn't identify.  When I went to pay I decided to splurge and get an order of Pancit, another favorite, to go for later or the next day.   It was closing time but the food was still coming out of the kitchen for late customers and it, too, smelled good.  Must. Come. Back.  Parking is no problem.  There is a huge lot.  And as of this writing, 11/16/12, their hours are 8am to 8pm seven days a week.  I asked and was told they had just opened up about a month ago.  They offer many more items besides the buffet choices including Lumpia, Pancit, and silog, which I understand is a breakfast type plate including fried rice with your choice of meat (beef, pork, chicken, fish) and a couple of sunny side up eggs, available all day.  Sounds good!
Manila Sunrise Gourmet serves up unpretentious dishes, filled with rich and hearty flavors.  We ventured in here eager to try out this restaurant for lunch, and left full and satisfied.  The owners here were warm and friendly, and at the "buffet" area there were about 8 items for people to choose from.  In addition to single dishes, they offer combo meals (2 items for 5.99, $1.50 for each extra item), and if there's something on the menu like lechon kawali (Deep fried pork belly) that you don't see in the buffet, chances are they'll be able to make some for you on the spot.  My friend and I shared a 3 item and 2 item combo. We got a good mix of dishes, such as fried fish, dinuguan (stewed pork), lechon kawali, chicken curry, and stewed jackfruit in coconut milk.  Each dish had very good, rich flavor, and came with a hefty side of rice.  Out of all the dishes, I was most impressed with the dinuguan.  It's basically a stewed pork dish made with pork blood and spices.  This is my first time trying this dish, and despite the sanguine origins, it was really tasty.  I couldn't taste any particular "blood" flavor per se (Due to the spices and other ingredients to enhance the sauce), and the pork in the sauce was nice and tender.    There are 2 fridges with various drinks, like bottled water, Coke products, and some more Asian drinks such as calamansi juice and coconut juice.  As for ambiance, it's basically a little hole-in-the-wall, mom-and-pop restaurant.    Due to the reasonable prices, very friendly service, and homemade dishes made with expertise and care, this is definitely a place I'd like to go to again!
I love their pinakbet (veggies sauteed in garlic and salted shrimp paste) and their pork BBQ (the meat is marinated in soy and garlic, skewered, then grilled). Sinigang (meat and veggies simmered in savory sour broth) and dinuguan (a sanguine pork stew) are normally not my first choices when offered a variety of Filipino dishes, but in this restaurant their preparations of those dishes have made them among my favorites. If cholesterol is not a concern of yours and you want a dynamite taste treat, get their crispy dinuguan - it's dinuguan mixed with lechon kawali (deep fried pork belly); totally awesome! A lot of us yelpers have been wishing that we could give ratings in half-star increments; if this were the case I would have given Manila Sunrise Gourmet 4 and 1/2 stars, as the very basic no-frills setting would not normally be characteristic of a 5-star etablishment. Since full stars are our only option, I'm going to round my rating UP to 5 stars because the food is so good and the prices so easy on the wallet!
Authentic Filipino food!  Very flavorful and they have some of the best suman and flan I have ever had in my life!!
I hate to give a 1 star but I had to. I'm Filipino and was really looking forward to trying this place out and was even rooting for their success but all they left me with is a bad 1st impression and an empty belly. I got there at 5:00 and they closed that day at 7:00, I tried ordering 3 different things and they were out of everything. Then the lady tried pawning off their BBQ for chicken adobo like as if I didn't know the difference. I guess they wanted me to pick from the 3 selections they had under the hot lamp that looked as if it had been there since noon. Ended up driving 30 min to Glendale and went to "halo-halo" which was pretty good! I will not be returning to manilla sunrise and will make the extra trip farther to halo halo. Consider yourself warned and you can't believe everything you read in the new times.
I accidentally found this little gem when I "Yelped" Filipino restaurants in the area.  I had recently visited "Hey Joe! Filipino Street Food Truck" & was craving more. To my surprise Manila Sunrise had just opened and in my area.  I went there with a Filipina friend and we both agreed the food reminded us of home! The sinigang was yummy as was the pancit palabok. On another visit, I had the diniguan which was easily 4 stars. I liked their food so much that I had them cater a New Years Day party for my American (aka- "white") in-laws....all 30+ of them! Needless to say they LOVED the food! Even the diniguan which I initially got for myself & my 2 sons...the Shanghai lumpia was crisp and not greasy as were the lumpia "prito" (veggie & meat egg rolls). I hear they have "kari kari" as a special on Saturdays....Yummm. This is now my new favorite "gotta-go-to" place.
bleh.. Ordered longanesa.. eggs.. rice. My friend got the beef.. eggs.. rice. All the food was lacking. Forgettable. Eggs were over done. Longanesa from LeeLee probably.. Beef was dry. This place was boo boo-
Good little place for lunch.  Went there with three friends after seeing their sign on the sidewalk.  Most of the food was excellent.  The pork belly was good - some sort of BBQ riblet thing was even better.  The heatlamp food mentioned by another reviewer though was subpar and I'd stay away from it except for the riblet deals which seem to only get tastier under there.  Topped lunch off w/some halo halo for desert that was just fantastic.  If you've never tried it - it's a sort of ice cream plus condensed milk and ice and other goodness.  Wonderful stuff, looking forward to going back....just need to translate the menu first.
3 of us all ordered different items on the menu.  They were all terrible.  I think the only way this place is able to stay in business is that it is a front for something not quite legal in this state......
Had sausage and eggplant here. Amazing food and great service
Awesome excellent Filipino restaurant, something i've been looking for, for a long time now. Doesn't look like much, but you can get your food cooked to order, which is nice!!!
They have really good Filipino food.  Like most Filipino restaurants, it's all about the food.  Don't expect any scenery.  I come here for a desert called "halo halo".  Order one, mix it up, and enjoy it on a hot summer day.
First place I tried for filipino food and fell in love. This place was quaint, staff was friendly and food was good. What else could you ask for? I got the longsilog and it was AWESOME. Just like back home, made me miss my mama :( lol.  You walk up to the counter tell em what you want, and there's your food. No waiting. You pay after you eat and are very satisfied. And they didn't charge me for an extra helping of rice, thank you very much. They take cash and card, tucked away though so you might miss it but totally worth it :)
It felt just like home. This is what Filipino tradition/culture is. Everyone treats you like you're a family. I called them Aunt (tita) or Uncle (tito) even though we're not related but as a sign of respect for the elders. Food is always great! This is my second time and my favorite is the Tapsilog, it comes with garlic fried rice, 2 sunny side up eggs, a slice of tomato and cucumber and then I dip it with spiced vinegar. Yummm!
It's okay but kinda pricey for a combo meal.  $30 for 4 no drinks.  Quality is mediocre and it's a Sunday lunch.
Oh my gosh, best Filipino Food in Arizona I've had so far! I've tried a number of Filipino restaurants from Mesa to Glendale and Manila Sunrise was hands down THE BEST. No offense Arizona but this is the first Filipino restaurant that was as good as California. First of all the service was amazing! I felt like the staff was my Tita's (auntie) house and she was taking care of us like we were her relatives. I didn't catch her name but she was so cute in her chef's hat and she was super sassy, I love it. The food, oh my god, the food was amazing. I have been craving Filipino food for a while now, so I decided to go all out for this particular lunch. I ordered us the crispy pata, which is a traditional dish that is basically the best ever invented. If you like lechon, which is the roasted pig, this is the way to go. It was cooked to perfection with the crispiest skin and most tender meat. This was the husband first time eating crispy pata and it had him (and me) tearing it apart for every last bit of meat. Since that took about 20 minutes to cook (so worth it) we decided to share a combo plate while we waited. We got the fish sinigang and kare kare- I must say both were extremely delicious, but I'd say the kare kare stood out over the sinigang. Sinigang is a tamarind based soup, so it's sour (in the best way) and kare kare is a special stew with a peanut based sauce that is to die for with some rice and bagaon (shrimp paste). Randomly, I ran into my brother and some of his friends here, so I expect to see some familiar Filipino faces everytime I come back. I can't wait! I love Manila Sunrise! Makes me feel like I'm home.
The place is dirty,the first thing I recognize was the flies, I order tapsilog and waited for 25-30 minutes for my food, while waiting for long I decided to order some TURON but the Turon is cold and hard and I recall about the flies it might touch my food when my food came the "tapa" meat is so tough and a lot of fats than the meat , the fried rice is oily the fried egg is slightly over cooked, I will never come back here again! Hope I didn't got sick after I eat here !
I have eaten hear before and it was ok but I won't be coming back. Today in the paper under Restaurant Inspections they received 7 critical violations!! I wouldn't  be surprised if we end up seeing them on TV's Dirty Diner. UGH!!
Depressing to only give ONE STAR, but it was terrible. I've been reading pretty good reviews about this place, so I took my parents for a quick bite to eat while running errands.   Manilla Sunrise Gourmet is tucked away in a shopping plaza in West Mesa. It's a small, but cute establishment. When we walked in it was a little crowded, so we were thinking the food must be good. After reviewing the menu we noticed they didn't have to much to choose from. The food under the hot lamp looked a little "old." We ordered 4 different things; Picadillo (Giniling), BBQ Pork, Ribs and Shanghai Lumpia. All left us disappointed and still hungry!! =( The Giniling was oily and the ground beef tasted raw. As for the BBQ and Ribs, it seemed as if they just came straight from the grocery store freezer, no real flavor at all. Also the ribs seemed to have a coating of oil on them. I figured the Lumpia would be better. Who can really mess up lumpia, even if it was store bought?!! Well they managed to mess it up anyway and burned it. As for the rice, it was soggy. To top it off we happened to get some of the "morning" rice and new rice mixed together... Blahhhhh!!   I heard they have great dessert, Halo Halo and Turon but after my experience with the food we decided to just skip it. It seems there are NO GOOD FILIPINO places on this side of town!! I will continue to make the long journey to the west side to eat at Halo Halo!! (35th Ave and Dunlap) They are by far the best in AZ!!   As we were leaving we noticed all those people taking up the table and chairs, were either family or workers. Go figure!! LoL
This place is pretty hit or miss. The past couple of months they have been good.  I went on monday 05/05/2014 and sadly the guy was looking for every piece of Chicken Adobo with bones... not one piece was all meat.  I got 3 huge bones and hardly any meat. I wouldnt complain but I actually watched him touch each piece to make sure it had a bone... sadly I will have to stop coming here as a result.  The food has been better than usual but just cuz im not Pinoy doesnt mean i shouldnt get chicken instead of bones...
The service and people were very nice. The restaurant didn't have AC so I was sweating as I was eating but some guy came in and I'm assuming they are fixing the AC.  The food, however was by far the WORST filipino food I've ever eaten. My boyfriend and I just came back from it and he (is filipino himself) said everything tasted like it was old and it didn't taste fresh whatsoever. He ordered the chicken tocino and I got the tap si log plate and in both dishes, the meats had a faint sour smell to it. Boyfriend said it could be the vinegar they put in but either way, I didn't like it. It was very unpleasant, I couldn't finish my food. The pancit was pretty good  but that's the only dish that tasted decent. I LOVE halo halo, so to wash down the terrible food, we ordered 1 halo halo. I was hoping the halo halo would be good but when we ordered it, I did not see any taro ice cream on top. I;m assuming that everyone makes halo halo differently. When I tried the halo halo, it was TERRIBLE. It tasted so watered down and not sweet whatsoever.  I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.
Not a place you can judge by its location or ambience - you just have to eat the food! Delicious and unique - not getting these dishes anywhere else in Madison. When we moved on to dessert, the chef brought us out 2 piping hot leaves filled with sticky, sweet rice (wish I knew the names of these dishes...) The host was very friendly and answered all questions we had. We look forward to returning for more!
I had their sinigang ng pata and the kare-kare (bagoong provided!), and both were out of this world. The owner/host was wonderful and friendly, very welcoming. I plan on coming back this weekend to try out the weekly lechon! So glad this place opened up, and extra happy since the food is so phenomenal.
Well, it's the only Filipino place in Madison, and it's better than any that will come in, so it gets five stars!  Went for lunch with one of my friends--we were warmly greeted by the owner, who was super nice. There were at least a dozen Filipino dishes, ranging from egg rolls (lumpia) to sweet and sour salmon to a FANTASTIC barbecue skewered pork.  Filipino food at its finest. And the desserts?! Purple yam and mango ice cream, sticky rice in some kind of leaf I can't describe.  Ugh. It. was. fantastic. And all of this for only $8?!  Wake up, Madison. You all need to go there. Now.
This place was awesome.  It is the only Filipino restaurant in Madison.  It serves food buffet style all day- we went for dinner and it cost us $8.99 per person.  Drinks are ordered separately- they have a cooler of can soda, juices, etc. to choose from.  The owner informed us they are also pursuing liquor license so they will have a bar soon.  It cost us $21.65 for two dinner buffets plus a bottle of Pepsi and can of diet Sprite.  The food array is pretty impressive- of course they had lumpia (long and skinny meat eggroll type thing).  There were a lot of meat and fish options.  My favorite was the fried pork fat- it's like they fried pork fat to glaze it then stewed it just a little bit.  So yummy but definitely not healthy.  I also had marrow straight from the bone and some coconut chicken stew.  THey also stewed brisket.  There weren't any food labels so you just have to experiment.  I don't mind that because I think each dish was unique and very flavorful.  There were also dessert options- flan, homemade cookies, and sticky rice and taro things wrapped in bamboo!  Sure beats the little frozen cake things most Chinese buffets serve.    The best part- they have karaoke.  I don't know the details like if they charge or not but they have it.  The owner says they get lots of Filipino families on the weekends.  The owner/chef herself is Filipino and also owns the local Filipino grocery store.  She was really nice and came out to chat with us.  She offered us some additional foods like tamarind fish and pork buns.  We were so stuffed by then but we were happy to try a sour fish soup she brought out.  All the food tasted fresh despite the buffet setup.    The ambiance is definitely diner style- no fancy linens and dim lighting to get in the way. The restaurant is straightforward and basically serves up delicious, home-cooked style soul food.  I am excited to try Mabuhay again!  facebook.com/MabuhayPhilippineCuisine
Philippine restaurants are hard to come by even in larger cities. My husband is Filipino and we've tried a few places while traveling, but I never thought we'd see one come to Madison. And I certainly never expected it to be this good. But it is. Zero atmosphere, but the food more than makes up for it. Everything we sampled from the buffet was outstanding, and as a previous reviewer mentioned the BBQ pork skewers are to die for. We'll definitely be back.  It should be noted: it's not even remotely vegetarian friendly. I think the only things on the buffet without some sort of animal flesh were the steamed rice and the desserts.  But, all you carnivores - please eat here, I want this place to stick around a while. :)
I read the good reviews on here and decided to check this place out for lunch yesterday. I had a great experience. It wasn't very crowded when I went in there, so I was able to talk to the owner. What a nice woman! She talked me through some of the dishes, and told me what to try with what sauce, etc. Very friendly and helpful. She's definitely the kind of person who you want to see succeed. Food was great! The barbecued skewers and salmon dish were especially exceptional. Great texture and flavor on both of them. Also, there was a very good dessert selection. I never knew how much I liked sweet sticky rice until yesterday. I think I ate 4 of them. To top it all off, I finished 3 buffet plates, and lunch came out to only $7.99!  My only complaint with this place is that the dishes weren't labeled. Some of the dishes look very foreign, especially to the average American, and I'm not sure that I would have tried them if the owner hadn't told me what they were. I'm a fairly adventurous eater, but I could see this being a problem with more timid eaters. This place could also use a little more decor and atmosphere, but that doesn't matter to me. Good food trumps decor every time. Talking to the owner, she already had plenty of ideas for how to improve the look and feel of the restaurant. This place is still very new, and I expect the atmosphere will continue to improve as it becomes more established.  Minor complaints aside, this place is awesome. I'll be making plenty of return trips.
The food is delicious.   I don't know what Philippine food is supposed to taste like, but everything I tried tasted great.  This place is not serving the same tired food you see again and again in all those pan-Asian buffets you may have tried.  The shrimp in one of the dishes was delightfully lemony.  I'll be sure to stop by again next time I'm in Madison.     The restaurant is modestly appointed.
Went here for Sunday lunch, and WOW. This place deserves the five-star status it currently holds for several reasons:  - Excellent food. I am no expert in Philippine cuisine, but I love meat, and this place has boatloads of it in a variety of styles: roasted pork, sausages, stewed beef with veggies, fried chicken (super crispy and well seasoned). The only negative was that the fish had been sitting out too long and was dry.  -Unique flavors. This was my first time eating Philippine food, and I was surprised by the interplay of sour and sweet in some of the dishes. Lots of okra too. And pork fat. Lots of it. YUM.  -Amazing dessert table! I have never had purple yam, and I tried three different desserts with it (a cake, a rice cake wrapped in what I think was a corn husk, and ice cream), the rice cake being my absolute favorite. It had that chewy, gluten-y sweetness that I've longed for since leaving Korea, and the bright purple color was a plus for sure.  -CHEAP! My boyfriend and I each got a Pepsi, and the total was $22! They don't even give you the option of tipping on the credit card receipt, so they really don't expect it, but we left $5 because we liked the service a lot (one of the cooks brought out the ice cream to make sure we could try some before we left).
For the Saturday lunch buffet, there was a pleasant energy when we walked in, top 40 music playing and families enjoying a meal on a sunny day.   For the meats, you have whole roasted pig, aka lechon. Shrimp two ways, breaded and fried or with steamed veggies. Two kinds of whole fried fish. Any place that serves fried fish with the heads still on deserves your respect.   Side dishes include stews that you would eat alone or atop rice, with ingredients like coconut milk, okra, red peppers, chicken; tomato paste, chicken, pork, green peas, and raisins. All were delicious.   I always look forward to dessert and there are desserts galore, including puto (steamed sponge cake), kutsinta (sticky cake), tupig (sticky rice with coconut cream, wrapped in banana leaves), ube (purple potato) flavored icecream, chocolate covered pretzels, and...jello! It's not a buffet unless there's jello.   Do not expect the menu to coddle you. The food is made with love, and there will be shrimp, pigs, and fish with their heads still on. There will be lots of meats and starches, so prepare to leave stuffed!
The proper English translation of Mabuhay is "Welcome" but at the restaurant, it also could mean "Give your best guess to what you are eating"  This small restaurant tucked away in a strip mall is simple in it's setup.  A long steamer table filled with an assortment of rice dishes, soups, and entrees.  Another table houses desserts of various forms...ice creams, mangoes, sticky rice, and a Filipino favorite-cheesecake (Alright, I don't know that for sure but who doesn't like cheesecake!?).  Beverages are self-serve out of the cooler in the back of the room.  My friend and I came for dinner on a cold blustery Thursday night.  This was our first foray into Filipino food and overall, I was satisfied.  Nothing truly stood out and without any reference to what the dish was or what was in it, we were left guessing at  what we were eating.    I appreciate the fact that everything is homemade and cooked by the owner and therefore I gave it an extra star in my rating. I worry that if it doesn't tackle the basics, the restaurant will only be a novelty for those people looking to try a new food but not willing to come back as repeat customers.
Delicious food with some very unique flavors.  I particularly liked the salmon (surprising how good this was on a buffet line), a stew/cacciatore-like item, fried-rice, and an eggplant dish.  Everything seemed to go well together although there was one very bitter vegetable that I could not finish.  I found out later that a very popular item was not on the buffet the day I went, so I'll be sure to call ahead next time.  Also, there were no appetizers out when I went and I was anxious to try the BBQ pork skewers.  A nice variety of dessert choices on the buffet too, all that we sampled were very good.  A couple things others have mentioned that I echo, it would be nice if there was some information about what the buffet items were named and a general description and nothing to offer atmosphere-wise (though everything was clean!)  Looking forward to my next visit.
Pros:  -cheap (lunch $8, dinner $9, drinks additional) -lots of meat  -decent # of desserts.  -white noodles are good and beef soup is good  -curry dish was excellent  -service is great; our waitress asked if we would come back again at the end.   Cons: -decoration is a little lacking.. lack of ambiance.  -location: wish it was a little close to the campus area   overall it was nice to see a new philipino restaurant in Madison.
Meat, meat, and more meat!  (I would have actually been happy with a few more vegetable options in the lunch buffet).  Food was good, owner was nice and enthusiastic and came by with some extra goodies from the kitchen.  Will have to go back on Friday or Saturday evening for the whole pig meal!  Hope they are successful - last time I was here it was a Mexican bakery!    I don't like Yelp reviews that seem to equate "lots of food for your $" with "great", but you definitely get plenty of options (i.e. meat, fish) for a heck of a price.  Totally casual environment, not a lot of "ambience", but I'd go back.
It is all you can eat because you can't any of it.  Cold food and no labels on items.  Several people took one look and left.  They were the smart people.
David F. and I agreed that having dinner at Mabuhay was like going home after a long absence, where our moms/grandmas make all of our favorite dishes and keep refilling our plates even after we are way beyond full. Except in this case, we were doing the refilling ourselves...  Although served buffet-style, the food has a definite home-cooked feel.  I've never had filipino food before, but if I were a betting woman, I'd say that this is about as authentic as you can get! The food looks a little stale sitting out in the open the way they have it - and honestly I'm surprised that they are able to keep the insects out - but you can definitely tell that the food is prepared with a lot of care. For the selection of dishes that was available during the dinner hours, the $8.99 price tag was quite reasonable.  Now on to my favorite part of the meal: the steamed pork buns. Mabuhay's steamed pork buns are hands-down the best I've ever had. Better than those at any dim sum restaurant I've been to, both in the states and abroad. If it wasn't for all of the refined carbohydrates, I would probably have the buns for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!  Finally, the owner of the restaurant is a super sweet filipino lady! As we were wrapping up our meal, she stopped by with a takeout tin full of suman (sweet sticky rice steamed in banana leaves) for us to take home and told us to grab some more on the way out. Seriously, how sweet is she? We probably looked like broke college students..  TIP: Bring cash to tip. There is no place to tip on the receipt if you are paying by card, but they definitely deserve it! :)
I mainly wanted to comment on the hygiene here.  The waitress wiped off our table lackadaisically missing a nice gooey spot, then plopped down a thin napkin into the wet surface as a germ barrier.  I eyed her hands warily as she handled our silverware close to the receiving end.  I had a cold, so I was more aware of sharing germs in public.  To my surprise, one of the buffet steam tables did not have a sneeze guard.  One light cough from me and the whole place would share my respiratory cold.  Some of the pots had plastic ladles (bad) and there was no steam coming out of the steam table (I think that's bad).        Given that I had a cold, I did not want to rate the flavors. If you do not like pork, definitely give the lunch buffet a miss.   I do have to scold the chef for leaving bones in the chicken dish.  I doubt it was intentional and certainly not habitual,  but it I had to spit out two spoonfuls into my napkin before I gave up disgusted. The fish soup was good and would probably be better w/o a cold.       Just a note to the owners if you should read this, if you remedy the hygiene issues, I will gladly pull this review.
After seeing the amazing reviews, I was expecting to love this place.  At noon on a weekend, the food on the buffet was barely warm, making the food not very appetizing.  Maybe it was just a bad day for this restaurant, but I would not return.  The service was very friendly.
I went at lunch time on a weekday and couldn't have had a better experience. I dread going to new restaurants because I don't eat gluten or dairy, but when I asked what buffet items were gluten- and dairy-free, one of the cooks came out and told me what to avoid--and it was only about 4 dishes out of 15 or 20! Not only that, but the food was all hot and DELICIOUS. I'd never had Philippine cuisine before, but I will *absolutely* be going back.  As for service, there was one server covering the entire restaurant, but it's a small place, and it was a buffet, so she had no trouble keeping up with everyone. She checked in on our table several times throughout the meal and always kept our water glasses full--an important plus in my book.  The price was great. Only $7.99 for the lunch buffet (and $8.99 for dinner). I can't remember the last time I ate so much amazing food for such a small cost.  I didn't have time to investigate the little market area in the back, but it looked like they had imported snacks and treats to take home.
It was difficult to decide between a four and five star review. They excel with their food and fail at the basics.   The coffee is instant and awful. The tea was instant and apparently some sort of tropical tea blend. It was worse than the coffee. All their other beverages are housed in glass convenient store coolers. The waitress was very nice but easily distracted.   However, their food is terrific. It's a small buffet of about eight items. None of the food suffered the usual buffet pratfalls (old, chewy, burnt, or plain forgotten). The real treat is that all the dishes are homemade. The food reminded me of food I would eat at a person's home.   The food is spiced but not spicy and because of that the dishes have a deep intriguing flavor that spice- babies could enjoy.   There is a subtly and beautifully spiced white cream sauce that comes with wonderfully large and freshly cut sweet potatoes and  green beans.  The curry is excellent. It has the classic neon yellow glow of good curry sauce. It has large chunks of potatoes, carrots, okra, and beef. The beef is nicely tender.  Another dish was filled with various beans, vegetables, and chicken on the bone cooked to oblivion. It's all housed in a succulent deep red sauce of chicken fat and paprika. It was a little like gumbo and a little like authentic goulash. It was masterful.   The fried chicken is very good although it does seem out of place.   The salmon was a single fillet nicely cooked and lightly seasoned. It flaked apart perfectly.  They have other dishes as well. Personally, I am suffering from food amnesia.   The food is fantastic. The atmosphere is lacking. The lay out is tight. The drinks are awful. The servers are mediocre. But, I reiterate, the food is fantastic.
The other reviews on here somewhat swayed us into trying this place out, we found and bough a groupon too;  Once we got here, the buffet was very small, about 8+ items, the fish pieces were horribly dry and full of tiny bones, more like fish jerky with fish heads attached, most other dishes appear very dry, several hours old, only two other parties were at the restaurant on a Saturday night around 7 pm .... This was a bust and will never repeat... Most items did not taste well enough to eat
As one of the few Asians in Madison (let's be honest here, there aren't too many), I can definitely vouch for this place's authenticity (and let's be honest again, you wouldn't know even if I was lying or not).  Anyways, Philippine cuisine is definitely something that takes a little getting used to. Because it's influenced by so many different cultures (Malay, Chinese, Spanish, Latin, etc...), you will find a variety of foods cooked in a variety of ways.   They like to pair flavors up, especially something sweet with something salty or sour. There are a lot of meat-based dishes, with chicken, beef and fish as the main staples. They also like to cook with bananas, mangoes, coconuts and eggplants, so expect dishes including one of those. When it comes to display, they are definitely not subtle about it. Entire fish heads will be left out, along with various cow parts, so get ready for it.   I could go into each individual dish we sampled, but that would take way too much work. I'd highly recommend giving this place a chance, but do come with an open mind (and taste buds).     This was definitely a unique experience for me, and I highly enjoyed my meal. The flavors aren't completely in line with what I prefer, but I'm glad I gave this place a chance.  Plus, a buffet for ~$8 is a complete steal!
I always make this a place to stop by when in Madison. The food is typically what you would find in any Filipino home, truly a "home cooked" restaurant. The price is very reasonable, so the choices may not be numerous. Not everyone appreciates fried fish but this would be the place to try it out. The adobo was good, the pinakbet and sinigang flavorful. The décor was sparse. During a recent visit, there was no wait staff to clean the tables right away.
I feel a bit generous giving the three stars, but I'm giving an extra star for the novelty factor.  Having never tried Philippine food, I felt the trip was worth it just for the experience.  We were there on a Friday night for dinner, and the buffet appeared to be well-stocked and inviting.  The space was small, but there were plenty of open tables.  There was a TV playing what might have been a Philippine TV station or movie.  The place was also stocked with dry goods and personal hygiene items, like a little convenience store.  The buffet was haphazardly labeled, so some dishes were quite the mystery to me.  There was an assortment of flavors - from salty to sour to slightly sweet.  The food was a bit greasy for my taste.  There was a good amount of meat, including skewered chicken that was a hit at my table.  The whole fish pieces had a jerky-like texture.  There were a couple of thin soups, a vegetable curry, rice noodle with vegetables, fried rice, and white rice.  I did delight in a purple yam dessert - cut into flat little rectangles like a cookie bar.  This tasted fresh and wholesome, and just a bit sweet.  There were about 2-3 other desserts that I had never experienced before - including white rice wrapped in banana leaf and a gelatinous coconut-flavored bar.  The dessert bar also had some fruits, flan, and peanut butter cookies.  For me, I think once was enough for this particular restaurant.
I tried this place tonight.  The buffet had several tasty options.  I enjoyed everything I tried.  This is a family run place.   I thought it was very welcoming.  I can see why folks have complained about the service in other reviews.  I found the service to be low-key, but still accommodating.  You just make yourself at home.  To me, it felt like I'd been invited over to a family dinner.    There is a wide selection of beverages.  The price is very reasonable, especially for the kids.  And I found it very kid-friendly (assuming your children are accustomed to ethnic foods).
Not a very good selection. Had to wait for food to come out. Lots of fried options. Wanted to like it. Just didn't sit well. Sounds like timing at this place is crucial.
I've been here twice. I really want to love it, but I just can't. There are a lot of other ethnic restaurants doing great work with their food, especially here in Madison, but I just don't see this place doing the same thing.  The service and location is just not good. No one greeted us at the door, we sat ourselves down, and we just started eating. The placement of the buffet was a little awkward, but not as awkward as figuring out what the food was. I'm Filipino, so I could recognize most of everything, but my friend had a real hard time. The biggest thing that caught me off guard is that it just seems lazy or sloppy. And how attractive is that for a restaurant?  I could mostly forgive this stuff if the food was great (see Melly Mel's). But the rice was off, and the dishes were overcooking in the steam trays. That left maybe three items overall that were edible. I was able to eat some of the veggies and the sinigang (a sour soup) with the rice, but none of it was very balanced.  Ugh. This review is making me sad. I have to review something good next.
The buffet bar was filled with many of my favorite childhood dishes.  For non-Filipinos patrons, I would appreciate labels and short descriptions of the dishes as I had to describe these to my SO. I can only imagine the amount of guessing involved if I wasn't available.  Otherwise, there's a good selection of dishes and desserts.
I was really disappointed in the quality of food and service at Mabuhay. The style of the buffet just seemed really cheap and off-putting. All the food was left out with no lid and EVERYTHING I tasted was extremely dry as if it had been sitting there for hours, untouched. Also, most of the condiment bottles were empty, so I had to eat my dry lumpia with no sauce, making it really bland. The man who took our drink orders and was supposed to greet and seat us (the chef's husband I think) wasn't really the best at customer service. He seemed a bit rude when we tried to make small talk with him. The entire time my family was dining, the restaurant's phone kept ringing and it was REALLY shrill, yet nobody would pick it up! And it's not like the restaurant was busy... there were only two tables occupied. The phone ringing really bothered me and made it even more impossible for me to enjoy my meal. The only nice thing about my dining experience at Mabuhay was that they gave us a serving of purple yam ice cream once we were done eating, which was quite tasty. I'm not sure if the ice cream was made in house, but it tasted way better than any of the other food I had.  I'm surprised at the number of positive reviews on here, so maybe I just visited on a bad day when the food had been left out for too long and got really dry. Regardless, I will probably not be returning. Next time I'm craving lumpia and pancit, I'd be better off making it myself at home.
Sunday brunch yesterday - enjoyed having Filipino longanisa and eggs - along with delicious fried tilapia and many other dishes.  The selections were freshly made and tasted great.  Everything was labeled - but if you don't know what something is or what something is made of, just ask -  the staff is friendly!  The server (owner's son) was polite and efficient in keeping the tables cleaned.    After we finished eating and just before we left, the owner and head chef (Cita) was just finishing fresh pork siopao (steamed buns) and insisted we each take one home.  So glad she did because they were DELICIOUS!  Nice selection of freshly made Filipino deserts, as well.  Nice part of this buffet, as many Filipino buffets I have been don't include deserts.  We left full and satisfied!  Adult prices: Weekday $7.99 lunch/$8.99 dinner.  Weekend is $8.99 all day.   Seniors (55+) and children prices are also available.
Delicious Filipino cuisine. Authentic as it gets... Made me reminisce of being back in the PI!!!!
Businesses can not explain or defend themselves also. If you knew how hard these people work to bring you the best Filipino food in this area. How they struggle to get quality help. And how they do everything from the prep to the cooking. Making the deserts. Even washing the dishes. Maybe just maybe they are a family owned and trying. I asked and they are willing to explain this. The wife is the only cook. She is very good at what she does. And when there is no server she has to stop cooking. Then the food gets delayed. She explained that the money is so tight that they can't afford to pay for help. I feel for these types of hardworking people. Not just here but all the small individual independent restaurants. I enjoyed the conversation and the food was very good. I even received a scoop of filipino purple ice cream. Ube it was called. She said they do this sometimes just to be friendly. Support small businesses Not hurt them. 1100 restaurants in Wisconsin closed last year. Keep hurting them. And guess what? You will be eating chain restaurant food. Not unique foods like this.
Skip this place!! Came because of Groupon, but will never go back. Food was subpar. Walked in and nobody seemed to care that we were there. The majority of the dishes were not even labeled. Don't waste your time.
I bought a Groupon to go try Mabuhay Philippine Cuisine, and The Wife and I finally went to use it for dinner this past Saturday. We had heard good-ish reviews for Mabuhay, and were excited to try a new style of food. Unfortunately, the whole experience, from start to finish, ended up being terrible, which led us to give the restaurant the nickname of "Mabu-bye." We actually walked out of the restaurant before we had even taken a single bite of food, but, lest you think I'm being unfair in this review, please read the whole thing.  The restaurant is located in a small strip mall along S Park Street, which wasn't a big deal to us because some of our favorite restaurants have been located in strip malls. Our first warning of things to come should have been that there was only one other car parked in the lot at 6:00 pm on a Saturday evening, but we walked in anyway. Upon entering the restaurant, we discovered that there was no one at the cash register, and no indication of whether to seat ourselves or wait for someone to seat us. We saw one waiter running around getting drinks for the 3 tables that were eating, but he never once looked at us. After standing awkwardly in the entrance for a few minutes, we decided to just sit down at a table, at which point a woman who had been sitting and eating at one of the other tables got up and said, "Yes, wherever you want." Well, that would've been helpful a few minutes ago!  So, we sat down at a table, and the waiter came over another few minutes later to ask if we wanted drinks. Both The Wife and I ordered water, which he brought out, but  it was lukewarm (no ice at all) and the glasses were barely 3/4 full. He then walked away without saying a word about ordering food.  Now, going in, we knew that the food would be served buffet style, but the waiter did not say whether we could just go up to the buffet or whether he would bring us plates to use first. So, I got up and went to look at the buffet. I discovered a stack of maybe 6 plates that I thought were clean (though I'm still not sure they were), some silverware, and one bowl. I also glanced at the buffet items, and thought, "Oh, god, what have we gotten into?" The Wife came up to join me at the buffet, and while she was looking over the options, I started to serve myself some rice. I dug the rice scoop into the rice cooker only to discover that the rice was so overcooked that it was too hard to push the scoop into. So, I changed my mind about the rice and went to look more closely at the other food options.  None of the dishes were labeled, so it was a complete guessing game as to what food you might be serving yourself. The stuff that looked like chicken skewers were just sitting in a metal tray perched precariously on the edge of the buffet station, but they looked old and dry. One of the pasta dishes looked so slimy that it literally made me gag, and the other noodle dish looked old and crunchy, which is not how I ever want to eat noodles. The remainder of the dishes looked funky, old (like they had been sitting out for a while), and, again, we had absolutely no idea what any of them actually were.  Given how terrible EVERYTHING looked and how bad our initial service experience had been, we set our plates back on the table, left $1 to tip for the water, and walked out. I wish I hadn't wasted money on the Groupon to this place, but that sunk cost was minimal compared with our desire to just say, "Mabu-bye" to this disgusting restaurant.
As an American born Filipino with a large, loud immigrant family, this place feels like home in a lot of ways, especially the most important way- the food.  Buffet style, great classic Filipino dishes like bangus (smoked vinegar whitefish), puncit (noodles), adobo, lumpia, and sinigang (sour broth beef and veggie soup- I put mine over rice).   Don't expect fancy table settings or service- this is a down home place- come for the food and the Pinay aunties' gossip-chatter.
Amazing food. Amazing service. Hands down the best!
The first exotic and native Filipino restaurant in town! nothing like it! They have available, the distinct Cebuano recipes I grew up with! Amazingly exciting to your taste buds!   Hot , new and fresh!!!
Had their ngohiong and steamed rice for take out! It may not have tasted exactly like my childhood favorites, but they were close and delicious enough to bring me home and have me wanting more!
Fried ngohiong is delicious!!! The roasted pork had the right blend of herbs and flavors. Authentic food from Cebu. Pork belly stew is awesome. Great food and great service.
Lechon belly is sooooooo good ! must try! it's the best ! :)
Cafe de Cebu offers an authentic Filipino dining experience that doesn't get any better. After an abysmal lunch service at a chain restaurant earlier in the day (see my previous review), my friend and I were in need of a memorable meal to wash the bad taste out of our mouths and this place stepped up to the plate and delivered.   Our server, Princess, was warm and attentive to our dining needs. I had the BBQ pork, which arrived on three sticks, seared and smothered in their tasty barbecue sauce. My friend had the pork belly which was crispy and seasoned to perfection. If you're craving some heat, their homemade spice and peppers will awaken your taste buds. One of the owners came over for a chat and we complimented her on the welcoming family vibe she has created. She hand rolled turon, which is a deep fried banana and jack fruit alongside ice cream, so we couldn't resist the crispy, yet sweet dessert. We also had to try cassava cake, which is a recipe of the owner's mother. Yum!  We were welcomed and treated like family, ate a delicious, affordable, home cooked meal, and left with a renewed faith in service after visiting Cafe de Cebu instead of a big chain. Support local and enjoy this dining adventure!
I gave this place a 4 star because their  Ngo-hiong Lumpia ( Egg Rolls) was delicious and reminded a lot like home, Cebu, Philippines. This restaurant has all the native foods of cebu. For you all non cebuanos you will definitely love this type of food. As for me a native from the beautiful island, i can definitely taste a huge difference. For those of you who are use to the authentic island flavors do not expect it to taste the same. I ordered the Grilled pork belly with rice and i was disappointed. The meat was too tough and the price was a bit expensive for the portion you get. I also ordered the Ngo-Hiong- Lumpia ( Egg Rolls), this was the best dish i ordered from here and still a bit expensive.  I am still going to try the other dishes even thou it's a bit pricey. In reality this place is rated  a 3 start but decided to give them a 4 because i want to promote this restaurant and show the las vegas people the types of foods the island of Cebu has to offer.  Stay tuned for an update review.. will go back to try the other entree! :)
Too pricey for a small portion of food...specially their rice toppings.
Try the authentic ngohiong!!!
The best cebuano food by far... Loved the lechon, bbq pork. Service was good and fast.   yummy...
So this is really a rounded up 3.5 star review.  Let me start with the lechon is probably the best I've had in Vegas....better than Salo Salo, Goldilocks, etc.  I love pork and this pork is moist and flavorful with a crispy skin.  At some other restaurants it can end up more like pork jerky...and being a fan of the Chinese style roast pork...this lechon is comparable.  So why the 3.5 stars....the ngo-hiong lumpia just didn't seem crispy enough for an egg roll to me, the exterior was almost slightly chewy.  The filling also wasn't meaty enough for me, I guess I'm too use to shanghai lumpia.  Also they have calamansi juice and mango juice...I'm in love with calamansi!  So the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating, however seeing as we were only 1 of 2 tables...they should not have left out an item in our order.  Not until I reminded them did they go and check on the pancit we ordered....only to realize the order was not placed.  We didn't receive the order until the end of our meal.  The pancit was mediocre at best when it arrived.  The staff was very accommodating, they offered us free mango juice due to their mistake....a nice gesture.  However, what the fiancee really wanted was additional calamansi juice and they had run out =(.  The second table wanted mango juice, and I noticed they sent someone out to actually go pick some up.....The decor is simple, and they have a patio eating area in the works.  They have some kinks to work out since they are fairly new, but I would come back here for some lechon.
The one & only, THE BEST Cebuano flavor in Las Vegas!!! Everything about this resto is just kick-ass!!!  The food--to die for, the staff---super warm & courteous, the atmosphere--- keepin-it-real & always-cool Bisaya vibe!!!  I will always come back for more!!!!
HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013- Contender #3  After a fabulous UYE at Novecento Pizza with some of the Yelp family, Mel and I headed over to the Goldilocks off of the 215 and Decatur for the next halo-halo in line for our challenge only to find that....Goldilocks there is closed.  Ugh.  Nothing like driving around in 103 degree heat in search of an icy dessert.  So, upon Cathy C.'s prevous suggestion, we backtracked and ended up at Cafe de Cebu.  Another Filipino restaurant that I've never been to, this is a small space which looks like it used to be a little pizza place.  The server was very friendly and after we placed our order, she asked us both if we were Filipino.  We both replied in the affirmative and then she asked me if I was full, as in, full Filipino?  Uh, yes, I am--all the way full.  This happens to me all the time from other Pinoys, but it's the first time one of the contenders has asked me.  I'm going to keep track just for kicks. On to the halo-halo:  Cafe de Cebu's version has peaches, ube ice cream, corn,  Frosted Flakes (the cereal), gelatin, langka, jam, coconut, and a couple of small pieces of leche flan.  First contender to be served in a nice glass bowl.  $4.99.  Still no  ube here.  No red beans or white beans.  First time to have halo-halo with corn and Frosted Flakes; different for sure.  This is Cebuan halo-halo, eh?  I liked it, Mel was not a fan of the corn, but I couldn't really taste it that much.  I'd like to go back and try some of the food; they have something called Chicken Skin BBQ on the menu!  For the record, I'm doing the odd number reviews, and Mel's doing the evens--we're going to stop at ten so we don't develop Type 2 Diabetes:    Halo-Halo Contender #1:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw  Halo-Halo Contender #2:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA
went to Vegas last weekend .. and wanted to get some good food off the strip .... away from the sodium compressed and overpriced buffet's I saw this place on YELP and great reviews from other YELPERS... Food was AWESOME!  It's a different type Filipino food this focuses more on a "Cebuano" cooking style.. i recommend the pork topping rice thingy ma jig and the crispy egg rolls , this is not your typical Mr. Moo-shoo 1-egg-roll with your 2 item meal kinda dish...  Its delish and something different... cant wait for my next trip back here!  5 stars for:    1) ambiance  2) quality 3) cost  4) service   good job Cafe de Cebu!
For a place that's been open for only a couple of weeks, it surprisingly had no teething problems - service was excellent, the food was delicious - the only problem being that you want to try everything on the menu, but that's just not possible. The lechon skin could have been crispier, but the flavor more than made up for it. The grilled chicken skin takes some getting used to - as it's not charred and crunchy. The kangkong was excellent, I recommend you order the large plate. The pork barbecue was one of the best I've ever tried, and they don't even specialize in it. The "ngoh hiang" was pretty good too, and so was the fried kangkong. Next up on our to-try list - is the grilled pork belly and the bibingka.   Price is reasonable - we paid $50 for all of the items above, plus drinks, rice and two desserts, and we even had some food to take home.
I would like to complement them for saving me money just to remember the taste of Cebu. Ngoyong / Steam Fried Rice / Cebuano Lechon. We all know coming to Las Vegas, no matter what US cities you are coming from, packaging hotel room and air fair is cheap. Going back to Cebu gets expensive every year. Bisdak gyud kaayo!!!
I had been craving for Filipino food for so long, so my bf took me to this place when I went and visited him in Vegas. The servers were very nice and attentive. And the food was really good. We had the bangus and liempo with garlic rice. Just classic Filipino food that I've been missing. I like that the café wasn't overly done with décor... but they could make it bigger though. I think they had to turn away two groups of diners because there weren't any tables available at that time.
Id recommend this cafe to everyone..  You cant go wrong with their service and food. As i am writing this, i am here eating with my wife. The only thing i dont like here is the place is too small. Alright gota go enjoy my food.
Heard some good things about the food and decided to stop by after church to grab some takeout.  Service was very good!  I was immediately greeted by a server and was offered a menu as well as a seat to place my order.  I ordered a 1/2lb of lechon belly, 4 pieces of the bbq chicken skin and adobo kangkong for about $20.  While I was waiting, friendly staff offered me a glass of water.  Food was ready within 15 minutes.  Overall, the food was very tasty but only thing was I wished the skin on the lechon and bbq chicken skin was crispier.  In all fairness it could've gotten soggy while driving home and doing a 10 minute errand but don't know for sure.  Other than that, flavor profile on everything was good and will definitely try again!
2 things that make this restaurant deserving of the 5 stars that i gave... PORK STEAMED RICE and  NGOHIONG!!! Back in college and my call center days in Cebu, these 2 are few of the things that makes Cebu one of the best city in the Philippines.. Cebu lechon is of course the best dish there but if you lived in Cebu for at least a month, these 2 are definitely right next to it... Come and try these... I haven't even mentioned the lechon pork belly, humba, bbq pork/chicken/chicken skin, grilled pork belly and a lot more... Thank God because of this, homesickness is not that severe anymore... LOL...
Awesome food and Service. I'll definitely be back for more of the fresh lechon they cook in the back!
Came here on a weekday just to try out the new Filipino restaurant on the block.  Had 2 combo bowls which was a surprisingly SMALL bowl with rice, some pork, and gravy on top for 7.99 each.  It was the size of an appetizer. Also had half an order of lechon which was a little on the oily side and had chunks of star anise which should've been taken out. Nothing special to this restaurant. Paid 30$ unsatisfied.
I've been around vegas to check on every Filipino restaurant. Finally I found the nearest and the best one. My husband is an American and he's very picky in terms of Filipino stuff. But when he had the halo-halo, he was freaking out! He loved it. Thank you for the lechon. My cravings are fulfilled.
HATE  Nothing.  DISLIKE  Some of the skin on the pork belly weren't crispy. The bathroom was next to a messy, open storage room.  LIKE  The desserts. The grilled boneless milkfish. The fact they offered a different kind of Filipino food.  LOVE  The prompt, knowledgeable, and courteous service (especially from our server Tim).
My family and I came here were recommended by a couple of family friends telling us how great the customer service is and how amazing the food is.  The food was okay, but I feel like I've had better. Their famed Lechon was the dish that we were looking forward to eat, but when we got it, everything was basically fat. There was no meat on the lechon pieces and the skin was soggy instead of crunchy. Their pork belly slices were really dry and their barbeque was a rip off only because at other filipino restaurants, you can get more meat than you do here. There's only like 3 pieces of meat on a skewer and or 3 skewers it would cost you $/7.99. Take Fiesta Filipina, you can get at the least 8 meat pieces on the skewer and 3 skewers for under $7.00 with rice included. Their Sabaw Manok was lacking in flavor. And let's not even get into the halo-halo. For the most part it was just corn, ice, small coconut shaving, jello (and I mean the american jello, not gulaman) and A LOT of frosted flakes everywhere.   Cafe de Cebu is pretty small compared to other restaurant and can hold at most 34 people while eating. With this said, they really didn't have enough people on hand. I think his name is Andy, and he's basically doing the job of four people while the girl behind the counter was playing with her smartphone during busy hour. There were at least 2 tables that were empty of people but filled with dirty dishes, so she could have at least taken those plates away to get people seated. We waited for at least 30 minutes while Andy was taking the orders of other, cleaning and clearing away the table, manning the cash register even though there was already someone there, and serving the food to the other customers, until we were seated it and it took Andy 20 to get our order and then another 30 waiting for our food, which in my opinion is too long. Then said girl behind the cash register actually decided to help (finally) and kept mixing up our order with the other tables around us. And since she didn't realize until they finally ate it, we were forced to wait even longer. She didn't even say sorry or thank you for waiting.   Overall, it wasn't a pleasant experience and the only reason I'm giving it a 2 was because Andy is so hard working and is such a rockstar and so apologetic for all the mishaps. Without him, this would have only been a one, so to Cafe de Cebu, you should be thankful you have him!
I came in here weeks ago, and I had been putting off the review for this place... Because I kept forgetting. But I got their lunch special.. Totally forgot how much it was (probably around $6), but it was grilled pork belly with one lumpia and a bowl of soup. Oh! And rice. For the price you pay, I guess you do get what you pay for when you come here. Although the pork belly was the bomb, they could've added more. It was like they were super stingy about their servings. I probably only got 10 small pieces of it :( The lumpia was alright. I think you need to have an acquired taste to it because I didn't enjoy eating it. This was my first time trying the lumpia out and mind you, my mother is Cebuana lol.   I'd want to bring my mom here since she has never been, but I'm not so sure if I'm willing to pay so much money if I'm not going to get a lot of food :/
Hands down! The first filipino restaurant I've had where the food bring me back home to Philippines. The staff was welcoming and very pleasant would definitely come back time and time again. The lechon is so authentic so delicious and their homemade sauce is great too. I wish thy had mango salad. Mmmmmmm
Horrible place! Came for dinner and ordered the Fried Tilapia and was told they where out. Waitress suggested the Pinakbet and they ended up apologizing and gave me what looked like the remaining portion from the other day in a small bowl. Again, the waitress had to apologize for the small portion and said but we're giving you the lumia rolls for free! SMH!!!!  Basically I was fed scraps!!!! I was so embarrassed that I wanted to just walk out but didn't. I give this place a 1 star only because the waitress was cute and if she wasn't I certainly would've blew off my top which is a very rare sight. Definitely not coming back there again....be forewarned!
Excellent, fresh Filipino food.  Order the Lechon Belly, Crispy Kang Kong and Egg Rolls
Best lechon in Vegas! Great service & atmosphere, very authentic Philipino food.  The fried water spinach is amazing (kang kong).
I have no complaints about food. Really good! The chef is super friendly! I would just suggest that when the owners and his friends hangs out in the restaurant that it does not affect the service. Few times I had a hard time getting anybody's attention because they were all busy talking to each other. But it all worked out. Definitely a place to check out while in town :)
The food was great especially the lechon and the BBQ. Excellent service and friendly staff.  No other place in Vegas compares, I would recommend to anyone looking for a great cebuano filipino meal.
OMG, I think I'm in Cebu. The Lechon is like a party in your mouth, we also got some kaldirita that had a unique taste and finished with turon yummiest. I can't wait to come back. The ambiance is so smooth and the wait staff is very kind. The prices are not bad also. I will be back soon.
I'm giving these guys the benefit of the doubt. 3.5 stars. The only two plates I really pho'ks with is the Cebuano Lechon and their Ngo Hiong (egg roll).  Their lechon is made with Cebuano style herbs and spices. Definitely different from the regular roasted lechon from the usual Flip restaurants. You can taste the slow cooked indgredaments with every savory bite you take. It was a great experience being able to taste a different style roast lechon but still tasting like lechon. I could only eat a few pieces of the lechon here due to the saltiness, but it's a good saltiness.  I'm usually inhaling massive quantities of lechon and rice and my favorite lechon sauce... Mang Tomas, you my only friend!!! You may have to ask for more sauce when you feed your face. Since I can eat only a little of that succulent piece of heaven, their 1/4 elbow of lechon is perfect for me. I don't feel too guilty after my feeding.  Their Ngo Hiong (egg roll) comes in second here. Something different and tasty. I remember dipping it in a vinegarish sauce for an appetizer.   Good and informative service. Double the Mang Tomas yalls. It's never enough.  One of many spots when I want to "Try It" instead of "Diet".     EYE LIKA!!!
We came here for lunch and try out their lechon belly and ngohiong. We're Not from vegas so might as well try the lechon belly cebu. We tried the whole lechon belly way back 3 months ago when we came to vegas. This time we wanna try the restaurant itself. It was kinda dissapointing, coz we were expecting the lechon belly to be hot when it serve. But the meat was cold. It was just like they just reheat the meat.. Very dissapointing..
this place rocks! reminds me of neighborhood cafes and this place is one of them. good food, great staff.
tagaan ni nako ug 5 star rating kay lami kaayo ang ilang lechon, ngoyong ug toron. Bag-o pa ni ga abli dinhi sa las vegas maong wa pa kaayo nakahibaw. ang lugar nila gamay pa sa karon.. Suwayi ninyo mga bizdak.....
Ngohiong, and  sabaw ng manok are so good. A hole in the wall place, with great home made food. We will definitely come back to this place when we are back in town.
I love this place! The Lechon is to die for. Too bad they dont have an LA branch.  I will definitely come back whenever im in Lost Vagus! Their lumpia is to die for.
One of the best filipino food here in vegas very unique... Food is Amazing nothing more to say..  Had to go back here twice in a week  . VERY FRIENDLY staff and Chef.   Coming back and bringing my friends..
So we went to check out  this place to see what the hype was all about.  It looked good and it was busy.  So I noticed our order had been sitting by the order window and no one still came to pick it up and serve it to us.  Then the garlic rice came, COLD and hardly a hint of any garlic taste.  Now I know what the other Yelper meant when she got served cold rice TWICE.  I should have sent ours back but the other items were already cold as well.  The owner needs to read into these Yelp complaints to provide better service.  I heard the server mention to newcomers what dishes were already out (Kare Kare and Pinakbet)  If you know these are popular , you should be able to make a lot.  We may go back to try the BBQ Chicken and more lechon but I would do take out and make my own garlic rice (full of garlic)
First of all the service really sucks. The servers are more concerned of cleaning the tables rather than ensuring customer satisfaction (making sure your customers have plates and utensils). They tried to serve us plates of cold rice twice.  I was really disappointed with the food. The hype isnt real. The kare-kare was too sweet and to me it tasted more like Mang Thomas lechon sauce. The lechon really wasn't that good as they all say. It was served cold and the skin wasnt even crunchy. Overall I am giving this restaurant a one-star because they really need to improve on their customer service--my whole family was not happy at all.
Its very hard to find good filipino food in Las Vegas, this place does justice to the beloved Lechon with their homemade liver sauce. As usual we pretty much ordered everything on the menu, from lechon sinigang, pinakbet, grilled milk fish, lechon, crispy kang kong, cebuano spring rolls and garlic fried rice. We were ordering Kare Kare but ran out. The service was exceptional and everything was made to order. It's our new go to spot for Lechon.
I've been craving for lechon for the longest time. I found the 'little' cafe on yelp and decided to give in. The place was simple decorated and very clean. The staff was sooo nice, always had a smile and very accomodating.   I ordered a lb of lechon, kare-kare and isaw bbq off the lunch specials. The servings were generous. The kare-kare was awesome, lots of oxtail meat. My daughter and I are used to having tripe on our kare-kare. With their kare-kare, I was NOT disappointed at all. Perfectly balanced flavor, fork tender meat and crisp vegetables, what more could I ask for? The shrimp paste complemented the entree with its sweet, salty goodness! The isaw bbq was great! It's the best I've had in LV. It was clean and the texture was amazing. It looked like it was deep fried and coated with a thick pinoy style sweet spicy bbq sauce,  HEAVEN! The lechon had great flavor. I  could taste the lemongrass and pepper. The best part about it was tge crispy skin! The meat to fat ratio was just right. Tge homemade lechon sauce reminded me of what my grandma used to make, YUMMY!   I would definitely come back, my daughter's already asking for isaw bbq!
Interesting I think I got a reply from one of the servers telling me about their delivery not making it that is the reason why they run out of Kare Kare and what not.  Even if you don't have your delivery, you should know what is popular and have enough to last you when your delivery comes.    Any ways, it still doesn't explain the serving of COLD food.  Really?  Isn't there a health hazard of the temperature of foods.  The health department may need to be called on soon.
Ordered the chicken skin with garlic fried rice and a 1/2 lb. of their "special" lechon, and I was not impressed.    Chicken skin came out really soggy.  I asked the server to throw it back on the grill to make it crispy and he did.  It was good, but too sweet.  Not something I'd bother ordering again, but if you do order it, ask for it crispy.  Garlic fried rice tasted like old rice from the bottom of the rice cooker.  It was hard, over cooked, had no garlic flavor, and was served to us cold.  Passssss!  Lechon was also served cold, with extra dry pieces, and no skin.  The table next to us ordered a 1lb. serving and it looked completely different from what we got.  Their dish was nicely plated with an even ratio of skin to meat.  Anyway, not coming back.  Disappointed that our lechon looked and tasted like shit, and that our garlic fried rice tasted like it was left overs from the week before.  It would've been nice if I were served what everyone else on yelp got.  I'm completely turned off.  Side note- the free lumpia type thing they give for checking in was good, and their sauces are tasty too!
I went here really late at night with my family.  The guys were SO NICE as to let us in and to be their last customers for the night.  I would have to say that their customer service is pretty great.  The guys really know how to make the customers feel at home and at ease.  The ambiance is really nice too.  Although the place is a bit small. That was the GREAT part.    The serving of the food for the price was very SMALL.  I ordered the "LARGE" Ginisang Kangkong and it was a small bowl and it was like $7. I would have to say that it's great that they make the lechon right at their premises.  That was cool, but again, the serving/price ratio was very off. The food was okay, it wasn't GREAT.  I was left sort of still hungry.  There were 9 of us and we paid about $140 and we were still left wanting.
Cebu lechon at its best.  Remains crunchy even after sitting on the kitchen counter for a couple of hours.    Other items in the menu are good as well. Tried the pancit, pork belly bbq and the lumpia.  I am Tagalog so the food tastes different from what I grew up with.  But no complaints.  Will come here if I was in the area.
Food was excellent. Fresh. Great service. Nice to see some awesome food on our stay. A little far from the strip but was worth the taxi ride.   They have some great sauces to mix the perfect ingredients for dipping your meat.
Can't say enough about how good Alex Bunye's new Pinoy resto is. It's - rightfully - famous for its Lechon, but every other dish we had was just as delicious , and obviously prepared by someone with a love for his home cuisine.   Highlights for me were the crispy Kang Kong (fried water spinach) that might be the ultimate bar snack - would be perfect with cold San Mig Light - as well as the Lechon Paksiw: BBQ pork simmered in Lechon sauce and spices ... Perfect comfort food over garlic rice.   What also struck me was how Alex's recipes (some his, some Mama's) managed to keep the flavors integrated but still distinct. Many Pinoy dishes - especially when made adobo style - become uniform with single note flavors. Alex somehow solves this so that all the key flavors remain.  If you ask him how he does this, I'm sure he'll distract you with a warm smile and then ask what flavor halo halo you'd like ;-)
Went there based on the reviews. Was not impressed at all. Ordered the Pancit (sp?) and the grilled milk fish.   The portions were generous. The presentation was nice. The price was very reasonable. However, the taste was very bland to say the least. The fish tasted like they just threw it on the grill. The pancit noodles were ... just noodles with vegetables.  I can't recommend this place at all. I'll keep searching for a Las Vegas are  Filipino spot that I can.
I have had this place on my Yelp bookmarks ever since this place opened up in Vegas about 9 months ago. I finally got to try it recently!  Walking in the place is a small and quaint. There are roughly less than 10 tables and they put together a couple for our party of 7. When we first got there, we stood at the front for a couple minutes because there was no host to greet us or seat us. It turns out only one guy was working that day. He actually turned out to be a pretty pleasant and nice server. I unfortunately did not catch his name but he was a young Filipino guy who was very accommodating and friendly).  This place is not a turo-turo where items are already cooked and you just choose. Each dish is freshly prepared and cooked after you order.  We ordered the following: Chop suey (mixed vegetables): $7.99 (on the special menu that day) Caldereta (beef dish): $11.99 (on the special menu that day) Sugpa liempo (pork belly slices): $12.99 (family size)  Pancit bam-i (noodles): $9.99 (family size)  Boneless bangus (milkfish): $12.99 Ngo-Yong (egg roll): free with yelp check-in  Each dish came with 1 scoop of rice  Although we ordered the family size portions, many of the dishes could also be ordered solo size for a smaller portion.  From what we ordered, taste wise I liked the Ngo-Yong eggroll (crispy and delicious), sugpa liempo (flavorful and tender pork belly) and the pancit-bami (good mix of noodles).   Portion wise some dishes like the Caldereta and the chop suey were small. I thought these were a little pricey for what we got. I also wished the Ngo-Yong egg roll was bigger. It was small and I left wanting more of it because it was that good! The best value were the pancit bam-i and sugpa liempo.  One thing to note when paying is that for parties of 6 or more they add 18% gratuity automatically to your meal.  Overall, I really enjoyed the food here! It was delicious! That Ngo-Yong egg roll is my new favorite. I am very happy to have another place for authentic Filipino eats in Vegas!
I came here on a Sunday around noon with three others for a lunch. We all originally stopped at Babystacks Café down the street, but it was too busy and I didn't want to wait for over an hour. Plus, I had been eyeing this place for sometime.  We ordered a variety of items, including chicken barbecue on a stick, kare-kare, sugba liempo (grilled pork belly), lechon de Cebu, and bagoong fried rice. The chicken barbecue on a stick was good, but I think I have had better. You definitely want to get more than a pound of the lechon de Cebu! It was crispy and just right! The bagoong friend rice was something new for me and you will get a very large helping; it's great for sharing. The kare-kare was comparable to what Mom makes at home so it gets a thumbs up from me.  Overall, the food items we ordered were very delicious and tasted authentically Filipino. They also tasted freshly made and I think they were considering we waited some time. We ordered two halo-halo's for dessert. It was very good except for the one small scoop of ube ice cream on top, which should've been two scoops since these were $6/each. Mango ice cream was also an option for the halo-halo instead of ube.  There was a slideshow on the mounted TV that reminded me of Philippines and made me miss it. It brought up memories and we had lots to talk about while waiting for our food.  Michael, our server, was very nice. He was attentive and even introduced us to the chef, Alex. Everyone that I came with raved about how delicious this place was. My fiancé, who is not Filipino, said it was the best Filipino restaurant he had been to and he is looking forward to coming back. I can't wait either!
The lechon needs more flavor and the skin was a bit chewy, not crunchy like what I'm use to having. My best dishes were the kang kong with steam rice, ngo-yong and halo-halo.   Maybe I will give it another try the next time I'm in Vegas.
My friend wanted to eat palabok and we didn't know where to go.  DT's palabok was watery so we were not gong to go there.  So I quickly yelped and chose Café de Cebu.    The restaurant was very clean, the guy that worked there was super friendly and helpful.  There is also a check-in yelp offer...a free egg roll!  Both my friend and I got the lunch special for $6.50.  She got the bbq pork and I got the chicken skin.  They were skewered.  Our lunch came with an eggroll and a bowl of soup and rice.  I don't discriminate again any kinds of egg rolls (Vietnamese, Chinese, Lumpia), but this eggroll is the most different I have tasted yet.  Instead of the typical eggroll wrapper, it was rolled and dipped in flour before frying?  I am not sure, but it was too strange for my taste.  I passed up on free egg roll offer, and knowing me, I don't normally pass up on anything free.  I liked my friend's bbq pork.  My chicken skin, though it was crispy on the outside, it was soggy where it was skewered.  The sauce on it was not for me.    I ordered a halo halo to go.  After I placed my order, I saw a picture of it on the tv, there was chocolate sauce on it....I quickly stopped the friendly guy and confirmed that they put choco sauce on it.  I requested to hold the choco sauce.  Wow...I didn't know Cebuan Halo Halo is different than that of the other Filipino restaurant that I have gone to.  This halo halo doesn't have beans either. There was a lot of jelly and macapuno.  I think I like the typical halo halo more.  For now, I will rate it A-OK.  But, I am planning to give it another try.  Service was really good.
The food was awesome, the staff as very friendly.  It made me miss the Philippines. Superb lechon!! If you go to Vegas, this place is a must on the list of places to eat at.
Great food! Their Lechon has the authentic Cebu taste!
Awesome pinoy spot! Came here 30 mins before closing time but they still welcomed us with a big smile,w/c was a surprise to me coz normally,servers would normally make faces when customers come few mins before closing. Michael,our server was super nice and attentive. Took good care of us and made us feel comfortable immediately. Food was super good as advertised. Bumping off one star coz they ran out of they superstar dish which was the cebu lechon belly. Bummer! Will reserve the other star once we get to taste their signature dish. Will definitely be back for that lechon belly. Until then,4 stars is generously enough.
ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW :  Lechon Belly de Cebu ($8 per 1/2lb): Slow Roasted & Seasoned Boneless Pork Belly. THIS WAS AWESOME! Extremely flavorful, with a very thin and crispy skin. My mouth waters thinking about it!  Seriously, order this!  They must smoke this thing for hours!!  Ok, now that we have that outta the way, how was the rest of the food??  Sinigang Na Lechon ($8.99). Essentially a Sweet and Sour Pork Soup. The soup broth was far too SOUR for my tastes and very little broth was eaten personally. The Pork was good though, very tender and flavorful, although this particular dish is just not for me.  We added the Garlic Rice ($1 add). Good version here...garlic rice is my favorite!  WELL worth the extra buck!   Halo Halo ($5.99). Good version and large size, but it's on the "ICY" end. Ube is my favorite ice cream though :)  Turon with Ube Ice Cream ($3.99). This was great! The turon comes out piping HOT and melts the ice cream on top...very good!  FYI, they do NOT serve ice water here...we ordered the Coconut Juice...sweet enough for my tastes and comes in a large can.  I'll be back for MORE Lechon Belly de Cebu!!!
Good service. Pretty good food. Clean and small. It's hidden so it can easily be  missed. Small simple menu. I'm not huge into Filipino food because its heavy and makes me feel sluggish but out of many places in Vegas this place is definitely one of the better ones and the staff make you feel like they appreciate your business. Hopefully they do well.
I came here for the lechon. And they've run out? So we went to Salo Salo Grill instead. We should just stayed because we ordered all this food at Salo Salo Grill and it had hair in it. So next time we'll just call ahead to see if they have lechon before coming.
I got so excited when i learned about this place because I wanted to try the Cebu lechon.  So when we arrived in Las Vegas, we headed straight to Cafe de Cebu even before checking-in in our hotel.  Our party of four ordered sabaw manok ($6.99), a pound of lechon ($15), sugba liempo ($12.99), bagyo beans with pork ($7.99), rice($1.25), 2 canned soda ($4), turon ($2.50), and cheesecake ($2).  We also received a piece of free ngoyong as part of yelp check-in promo.  Of all the items we ordered, my favorites were the sugba liempo and bagyo beans.  I did not like the lechon at all because I found it too salty.  I didn't like the ngoyong either; it's a good thing I didn't have to pay for it.  Service was friendly, wait time was reasonable.  We spent $57 excluding tip.  I thought the Cebu lechon would set it apart from the other Filipino restaurants I've been to, I guess I was wrong.
although the customer service was superb, i went to cafe de cebu for what they are known for--the lechon that is supposed to be unlike any other, which was an ultimate failure, unfortunately. the lechon was way too salty! the only thing i enjoyed was the crispy lechon skin.  they had also advertised the kikiam plate as today's special: tasted nothing like any kikiam i had ever eaten, it was almost inedible. $7.99 down the drain.  got overly excited about the isaw, which tasted sooo sweet it could pass as dessert! boooo!  so there go my 30 hard-earned dollars. i left the restaurant unsatisfied, vowing never to come back.  i am sorry, cafe de cebu, i was really hoping for some great food, and you did not deliver.
Had the straight up pork and also the pork in blood. Both were excellent. Place was clean and staff was super friendly.
We won't mind eating here everyday. They're that good! We're excited to get our bagoong rice! Yummm!
Great customer service!  It's a small place but clean.We went there as a party of five and food was awesome!  Kare-Kare, Bulalo, Lechon, Fried Squid, and Adobo Rice. The best!
This was our first time eating food from the Philippines, so we didnt know what to expect. But it was all great. Definitely recommend you checking it out.  We built a meal that we shared with Lechon, the pork belly and Pancit Bam, a noodle dish. I loved the Lechon, and my wife couldn't stop raving about it. The crispy skin was a little too hard for me but I guess that's the style.   The Pancit Bam was good, a blend of noodles veggies and meat. Sort of like a yakisoba.   Want to try chicken or beef next.
I actually wasn't going to review this place because I'm not a huge fan of 3-star reviews, but I was so jealous when I saw what other Yelpers were served.  I only came here because it was the closest place to me that served ube ice cream and my girlfriend was having a huge halo halo craving. So we called in and asked for halo halo with ube ice cream and turon. My girlfriend did not really enjoy either items we got and I tried to explain "maybe you just don't prefer the flavors of Cebu?" But after seeing the Yelp pictures, I can tell my dessert got half-assed. First off, my turon was not even fried to a golden brown color, it was still pretty yellowish in color on top of that, it didn't even have any honey/simple syrup to sweeten it. However, I do give props that they do not just use regular old bananas, but a specific tropical banana which I don't know the name of. As for the halo halo, I thought it was so-so. We did not get the ube ice cream my girlfriend was craving even though we ordered it and did not tell us they discontinued it. I also wasn't a huge fan of the frosted flakes, although they do make sense since they add crunch and sweetness to the desert. It was just simply not my cup of tea.  Although the deserts that I ordered did not blow me away and actually left me somewhat disappointed, I do have to give props for the creativity and uniqueness of the flavors I tried and the overall service was not too bad. I might give this place another try for lunch, but definitely not for a sweets run.
Being a true blue cebuano i didnt really expect this place would pop up  after typing ngo hiong . being bored and  after a long  night of gambling and drinking  i craved for ngo hiong and lechon . I could say this is as authentic tasting as it gets here in the US of A. And being from san jose ca  i might have to make travel plans to vegas as often as i could.
First time dinning here with the whole family.. i must say the Lechon is on point so does the Crispy Kangkong. The wife and kids loves the kare-kare and of course the lechon.   we definitely going to go back here and enjoy a relaxing night out. And yes the ambience and atmosphere here is very relaxing.
Café de Cebu is a quaint Filipino joint with awesome service.  We enjoyed the crispy kangkong (which uses a narrow version called onchoy) and the very tasty herbed lechon (roasted pork belly).  The authentic cebu version does not serve it with liver sauce but they serve their own homemade version here.  It's... quite potent if you are used to the sweet Mang Tomas bottle or not used to liver at all.  I preferred eating their lechon with their concoction of pinakurat vinegar.  The bbq had good sauce, but I wish the meat had been marinated more.  Without the glaze, it was quite bland.  And the halu-halo is an Americanized version of the Filipino dessert.  Doesn't quite hit the spot.  I also dunno if it was an off day for them but the leche flan was hard.  Quite terrible.  I should've asked for a refund but service was just so charming.  I wish they would improve on this.  5 stars for service.  4 stars for the main attraction lechon. And 3 stars for the rest of the items we've tried.
Had the Cafe Cebu fried rice, sinigang, free egg roll for checking in ;-) and the banana fritters. Everything was on point! But I'd skip the egg rolls unless they're free of course LOL. I've eaten at most Filipino places in the southwest and this is definitely the best.
They have a monthly fixed price dinner coming up and I wanted to try them out for lunch before I committed. Prices are a little high for one person for lunch as each item is ala carte but plenty for two or more to share (with leftovers).  Had the BBQ pork, very moist and delicious sauce. Also had the house specialty fried rice with Lechon.  Both the rice and the Lechon were good but a little dry-maybe using leftovers? Be prepared to wait as the food took a while to come out, that may have been a one off though. I think I'll pass on the monthly dinner but would go back for lunch.
The food are super good especially the ones that hard to find food... Very unique flavoring food and very affordable!!! Must try this place when you guys visit Las vegas..
We were looking for some good Filipino food as soon as we arrived! Search google and Cafe De Cebu popped up. We checked yelp to see what they have. Their specialty was ngoyong and lechon belly! if you're from Cebu or had been to Cebu and loved the food! Then you gonna love this place. I wish their rice could have been Puso though. That would have been really nice. Make sure to try their lechon and ngoyong. The STAFF are awesome! You won't be disappointed. I love the bbq chicken skin too.
I am a fan of this place.  I hope it can survive in Surprise.  It is tucked away in the corner and will need some serious advertising and a good customer base to keep it going.    I enjoyed dinner here and plan on visiting again in the future. Check it out when you can.
Rather disappointed, ordered the kare-kare, although the meat was tender,vegetables were soggy.  The lechon kawali was pretty good, came with the gravy dip and rice. Perhaps will give them another chance due to the A/C not working on one of the hottest day of the year 122 deg,
Pretty disappointed! Visually the restaurant looked nice. The food on the other hand was a different story. The Dinuguan that I ordered barely had "meat" on it! Was mostly pieces of Fat/Lard and it was not served warm/hot. Would not go back there again!!
So happy this opened up in Surprise! Everyone's very friendly and the food is great. I recommend the lechon kawali (spell?). It's delicious. I do agree that more advertising is needed. Maybe a sign on Bell Road will help? We will definitely come back!
I am Filipino and can say the food is good!  I am not a fan of the main dish served in a small bowl.  My lunch was a bit expensive considering the portion of food.  I would place the meat On the actual plate and give your customers better portion of the main dishes.  Not used to paying so much for Filipino food and the portions be so small.  Might come back only if I really had to.  Sorry.
It's really nice to have an authentic Filipino restaurant out here in the Phoenix suburbs! My mother is from the Philippines and I have grown up around authentic Filipino food (and can make some of it myself), so I can tell you that this place is straight-up The Real Deal.  When I first heard from the owners of Pinoy's Best that there would be a Filipino restaurant in Surprise, I knew to keep my eye out for when it would become a reality. Now it's here and it's very delicious. Or, in Tagalog, "masarap-sarap!"  My mother and I visited for lunch and were immediately impressed by the rather extensive menu. Some items aren't available every day, but it's still a really impressive selection. We ordered adobo pusit, pork menudo, and pancit canton. My mom hadn't eaten Adobo Pusit in quite a while - squid in vinegar and soy marinade - and she was really excited to taste it. It didn't disappoint.  The pork menudo was also delicious. They even included liver in the dish, which to me screams authentic; I always feel like there's a fight over the liver pieces between my Filipino uncles once the pickings get a little slim. The carrots and potatoes were perfectly cooked and the sauce was rich and satisfying.  Although the pancit was good, it was a little salty for my taste. If anything, my only (small!) complaint is that the food was rather salty - but if you've ever eaten authentic Filipino food, you'll know that a lot of the food is very salty and sometimes there's just no getting around that. While nothing beats my Auntie Rose's amazing pancit, I still liked the pancit here.  As we finished our meal, we decided to take home a little bit of food for dinner. We ordered lechon kawali. We discovered when we got home that the portion wasn't very big and that they forgot to include rice, so that was a tad disappointing - but nothing that would keep us from ordering it again.  We also took home a little bit of puto (now, don't get this confused with Spanish - in Filipino, puto is a muffin-shaped steamed bread made with rice flower). There was a little bit of cheese on top of it. It was a perfect treat!  Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at Pinoy's Bistro. The service was very good and the atmosphere just right for a lunch spot. The prices were fair and the portions were generally very good (especially the pancit).   One cool thing about paying at Pinoy's: they use Square to accept payments. Square is reaching a higher adoption rate every day, from what I can tell, after taking off with tech-savvy cafes and restaurants mostly in large metro areas. When you use cards that are tied to your account in Square, you can get a receipt e-mailed or texted to you, plus at Pinoy's they keep track of your visits and you get a stamp on your virtual loyalty card for every visit! We have yet to see what the loyalty card reward is, but I'm sure we'll find out soon as we plan on going back before too long.  Like I said, we'll be back. I'm very excited for our next visit!
I was very disappointed.  The menu was quite limited, and many of the items were unappetizing to an American palate. .I had expected some American food as was promoted in a review of the restaurant by AzCentral:   http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/20130530filipino-restaurant-pinoys-bistro-surprise.html  Where are the burgers, curry, sandwiches, etc?  I had to choose from soup with blood in it, hog knuckles, and pig snout. I felt as though this was a menu of selections from an extremely rural and poverty stricken part of the Philippines. I don't want to sound ignorant, but when I was served the Chicken Tinola, with a single bony piece of chicken in a small cup of broth, and a pile of stark white rice, I was shocked. My husband, a fan of soul food, ordered pig knuckles and had to gnaw on a nearly meatless bone for his dinner. I sent back my meal and filled up on diet soda and the delicious putos. But we actually left hungrier than when we arrived and grabbed a Little Caeser's pizza because after spending $28 on a non-dinner (including tip because it wasn't the waitress' fault), our budget for dinner was deflated.   Don't get me wrong, I LOVE a variety of Asian foods and I enjoy trying new things. But this experience strained that.  I would advise people to go there only for dessert. The Boba was very nice and the desserts looked delicious.
It was good the best one looked good to me on the menu was chicken curry.  My sister in law had the pork adobo said the sauce was good. Next time I would try chicken adobo or beef adobo  next time.
We wanted to like this place.  I'm filipino and I know what authentic yummy filipino food taste like.  The food was ok, got palabok and biko. The price for it was ridiculous.  The biko was good, but for $4 something for a square portion... um no thanks..  For that reason. I doubt we will be back.
OK. I am in the restaurant business as I always say. Pinoy's Bisto is the worst restaurant I have dined at in at least 25 years. It will NOT make it 1 year. That is a guarantee. I totally get authentic Asian food.. I lived in San Francisco for 8 years and experienced Authentic Asian cuisine regularly. Everything from design, set up service and food is just wrong. Mark my words This is just BAD. It is doomed...I am NEVER wrong about this when I predict a failed restaurant....Never !!!!
I had a great experience at Pinoy's. I found the food delicious with an authentic flare. My waitress was absolutely lovely and aware that it was my first time at the restaurant she offered me the opportunity to taste test a few of the entre options. I went for the 2 entree for $5.99 option and had plenty of food to show for the price. I hope it lasts in Surprise!!
Just got done eating and getting gas and noticed this hidden gem. Had the puto, it was delicious. Definitely going back when I have an appetite. So far I can vouch for the bakes goods here.
I returned three weeks ago with my son to buy two bobas. This was my second visit. Like the first visit, it appears that the owner/cook sits at a table all the time. That makes me uncomfortable. It took a full 15 minutes for the boba to come out. We left before we tried it . The boba had not been cooked completely. They were tough and stuck in our teeth. The cups are small and we simply drank the liquid before throwing the rest away.
On a scale of 1-10, how excited was I to stumble upon this place on accident here in Arizona?!  15!!  And while I wish I could fully support a Filipino restaurant in Arizona, I just can't with this one....and for a HUGE reason.  We went here thinking it was Mike's Deli.  But apparently, it is gone and this went in in its place.  A family-owned Filipino restaurant.  I was in heaven and we went in instead of leaving to find another deli.    I ordered their pork lumpia (12 pieces) and their traditional pancit Bihon (I think this was the 2nd word)...two things I grew up absolutely loving when I lived in Mira Mesa (San Diego) surrounded by a ton of my Filiipino friends.  My best friend's mom made the BEST pancit and lumpia and it has been years and years since I have had any. I used to eat it at least once a week. Mmmmmmmmm.   The lumpia was just okay.  The meat wasn't ground up with the veggies, but rather more of a stick of pork wrapped.  Meh.  Reminded me of eating fake crab at a sushi restaurant.  Their sweet chili sauce was perfect though!    Okay, so then, they brought out what I was really really waiting for...my pancit!  When she set it down in front of me, I could already tell I was too excited for absolutely no reason.  There was no color to the noodles.  They looked like they had been taken straight out of the boiling water and placed on my plate.  Rice noodles are supposed to be practically see-through, but these were just as white as they were when they were taken out of the package. There were 2 slices of lemon, chopped carrots, some cabbage...and are you ready for this?  The pieces of chicken looked like they had only been boiled as well as the pieces of shrimp (I've never had traditional pancit with shrimp...so it's a good thing I am not allergic).  No type of seasoning/sauce or anything!  Soooo not traditional to me!  I know there are different regions or versions, but this is certainly not what I am accustomed to eating at my filipino Ate's or Tiya's houses.  I unwillingly squeezed my lemon over it and took a bite.  OMG!  It took everything I had not to spit it out and get up to leave.  It lacked so much flavor it's not even funny.  Well, there was no flavor.  I felt like I was eating lemon flavored noodles.  The chicken was an afterthought and I couldn't even taste it.    How could they?!  I am so upset and annoyed by this.  I am so glad I have had true traditional pansit because if this had been my first taste I would have sworn off the deliciousness of Filipino food for life.    My friend had their chicken adobo and she thought it was just okay.  The chicken was very dry.  I'm sorry to the family who owns this place, but you can't continue serving your customers with such lackluster flavorless food.  No one will want to come here.
My friend recommended this restaurant on the first day I visited Vegas. I finally gave in and had dinner here before I go to the airport. I had the roasted lechon and chicken papaya. This is the only restaurant in Vegas that prepares lechon the roasted way! Skin was still crispy,  and the meat was so flavorful I didn't have to use the Mang Tomas lechon sauce!  Great job on the lechon! 5 stars!
Being away from Momma's cooking has made me homesick and crave the greasy deliciousness of Filipino food. Unfortunately, Pinoy Bistro didn't rise to the occasion.  I walked in yesteday evening to order some food to go. There was no one at the front and it took a few minutes before someone came over to me. The waitress was nice but you can tell she was new. She didn't know much about the menu. When I asked her how many sticks come with their pork bbq entree, she had to go back to the cook and ask. Odd. I placed an order of lechon kawali and pork bbq. I ran to Sprouts in the meantime, but when I came back almost a half hour later the food still wasn't done.  After another 10 minutes, I got my food and went on my merry way. The meal was mediocre at best. The lechon kawali wasn't what I expected. It was 6 pieces of fried pork and a cup of rice. $8 for 6 pieces? It wasn't work it. The pork bbq was good but only two sticks is not worth the $7.  Overall, I might go back just because it's the closest Filipino restaurant to me. But I wouldn't expect much more than average.
I'm from the Bay Area (San Francisco) and I'm in AZ for my dad's tennis tournament. We were looking for some sinagang and boba and found this on yelp. Friendly service, good food, and airconditioning. Five out of five hands down.
This is the first Filipino restaurant I've ever been to but have tried many other types of Asian foods.  I've had Filipino food before but when I was a kid so my review is solely based on a "generalization" I have about Asian food and not comparing it to other Filipino restaurants.  I thought the food was really good.  We had the pork lumpia, pork adobo, chicken skewers, and the pancit (rice noodles).  I still prefer the Chinese style way of making rice noodles but the pancit came a close second, maybe a close third.  Point is, I'd try it again.  The service was decent.  The dining area is kind of small ... there are several long tables but I don't know how they fit people during peak hours.  It seems like strangers would have to share tables, which I am not adverse to but it just seems strange for Surprise, AZ.  I don't think I'd drive all the way out here to come to the restaurant for a meal but if I was in the area, I'd definitely come back again.  Now I'm going to have to make a deliberate effort when I travel to try Filipino restaurants so I can compare more accurately!
Filipino food is one of the best cuisines that I have ever ate. I came here with a group of friends to celebrate his dentistry practical exam in phoenix area. The food is homemade and tastes delicious. They have a variety different Filipino cuisine and the price is very affordable. Excellent food!
First let me say my mother in law is Filipino and I always compare her awesomeness food to other homemade Filipino food!! I wanted to love this place and wanted it to be my go to when I didn't want to cook myself. With that said it's not my go to place and I will try others around town. Pork Lumpia no flavor and rolled to tight ( I can hear my mom law now) Bihon chicken and pork Had a weird taste maybe to much fish sauce I  added soy but would have liked a maggi seasoning to pop the flavor Pancit with shrimp and chicken ok Flavors again off! Pork Lechon was good but Husband remembered when a time in his life Pork Skin was yummy but as a Grown up not so much. Took home a sweet bread and had it with coffee added some honey and cinnamon Delish!!   We had a Pinoy server who didn't know the menu . The servers were nice and refilled drinks . We sat next to restroom and I smelled urine odor throughout my lunch.  Not my style of Filipino food cooking will be moving on....
Great food with a simple menu that has some distinct variations to certain dishes. Newly installed karaoke is great when you order take out. The pancit is a must for people who have not eaten it before. Great and humble atmosphere.
We came here thinking it was a sandwich type bistro but went for it anyways.  The food was absolutely amazing.  We got the lumpia and it was the best egg roll type thing I've ever had.  I got the bbq skewers and my god the flavor was to die for. Our waitress was fanatic in helping us pick something we liked as we had never eaten this type of food before. We come here regularly now.  So dang good.  I highly recommend this place.
I am so happy that they opened up a location in Henderson!  The location used to be a burrito eatery and is located next to Dunkin Donuts and Inaka Sushi. It's small, but functional.  Sure, you might have to squeeze your way to get plates or get food, but it works. They just opened up  on Monday and the place is packed! The service is friendly, as there was someone refilling our water cups and removing plates from our table.  Currently, their ATM/Credit Card machine is not working, so it is cash only.  Also, there is a fountain beverage machine that is not operating as well.    The buffet is well worth the price - $7.99 for adults, a few dollars less for kids.  There is also catering and a la carte options available.  The food seemed fresh and flavorful, but I only tried their pansit, sisig and mongo.  Other foods included eggrolls, dinuguan, mongo, lechon, and a handful of others I can't spell.    If you're in Henderson and are craving Filipino food, definitely come here and give the place some business!  I would be crushed if it closed down, as so many of my favorite places do....
$7.99 for a delicious buffet is a great deal.  I don't know the names of the dishes on the buffet but every dish I ate was yummy, except for some bitter tasting fish stew type dish.  Until eating here I never knew how delicious crispy fish skin could be.  Their soda machine wasn't working but they had canned sodas so all was good.  It is a bit confusing when you walk in because the cash register is partially hidden over halfway into the restaurant.  All in all I enjoyed my experience here and will be back.
Good Filipino food.My new place to eat.
awesome deal for a good filipino buffet!  I haven't been to the one near Goldilocks on Maryland  yet, but this is one of the better places for filipino food in Vegas.  I took my mom here and she liked it.  The only bad thing I have to say about it is that I wish there were more variety of dishes, most seem to be just pork.  I would love some Kare Kare too! :)
FAST FOOD FILIPINO BUFFET  There is no doubt that the wonderful selection of foods including the price of $7.99 are definitely unbeatable.  The assortment of dishes vary during the day.  It seems to be more vegetable trays during the evening.   Seating can be an issue especially with the middle aisle. Spacing is sort of like Rubik's Cube.. very tight and difficult. They could alleviate the table congestion by removing one table in the middle. But then again, I don't think comfort is an encouragement. Obviously, the longer you stay the more food you'll consume. LoL  The foods are authentic home style heavy and rich Filipino cooking. If you can ignore the casualness and sometimes the playground atmosphere when undisciplined children are present, it's an eating experience that may trigger an instant gout attack.
This place is located near the cross streets of st.rose and eastern right next to subways.  Price: $7.99 for buffet! A STEAL FOR SURE.  Service: Meh, it could definitely be alot better. They're pretty slow, whenever a customer finishes eating they don't usually clean up the table until a couple minutes earlier or until you point it out. Everything is pretty much do it yourself, don't expect anyone to come by and refill your glass, there's a pitcher in the back and you refill it there.  Food: There is no end to the variety of food they have!!!! I've been to this place twice and they always have different things which is a plus in book. Pancit, sigsig, kaldereta, soup, turon, fried rice, and lechon are just a few of the selection they carry.  Ambiance: The place is somewhat crowded, if you come when all the tables are full you'll just have to wait until a group leaves. The first time I went the a/c and debit/credit machine weren't up, but they both seem to be working now.   I'll definitely be back here, it's a pretty good place if you're hanging out with a friend and want to go to a cheap place to eat and talk.
Very happy that they opened this location. Very good deal for AYCE $7.99..but if you can't do the buffet, you can order the 2-item combo for $4.99! For rice or pancit w/ 2 items..you can even do a "split" and do half-rice/half-pancit. My only advice is if you plan to eat here, don't come too close to closing time as the food choices might not be as plentiful. Seating can be an issue as others have noted, but can't really blame them if everyone wants to grub on good filipino food~~FILIPINOS love a good deal! Overall, this is definitely a great place to get some filipino grub.
They were featured as the TOP DIRTY DINER in Las Vegas; check this out: http://www.ktnv.com/dirtydining/214955161.html  Explains why I found a dead cockroach in my food...
I used to be a fan of this place.... UNTIL I found a freaking BAND-AID IN MY SOUP.  I told the cook about it and he just apologized and threw the soup out. They didn't even bother giving me and my friend a refund until I complained about how I didn't eat. And the guy only ended up giving me one refund when there were two people eating out of the soup -____-
Came here with the family once, and it's definitely in the "fast food" category. The options were decent and the price was affordable, but none of the options were particularly delicious.   I mean, you can't really expect much from a buffet with so many pre-made selections, but it doesn't really taste like Filipino home cooking. Just tastes like Filipino fast-cooking.
Driving aimlessly up and down Eastern Avenue trying to find a place to relax and have lunch during my work day, I saw the the sign they have outside advertising the buffet.  A quick Yelp search yielded great reviews and I was sure I had stumbled upon a new weekly lunch spot.  Unfortunately, I was wrong.  I tried some of everything and most items were extremely salty.  I did enjoy the fried rice and the fried rice noodles, but the actual dishes were salty to the point of being almost inedible.  The quality of the meat was also suspect.  At least two or three dishes featured chicken that was simply overcooked, dry, and had that taste of unflavored boiled chicken covered in a sauce.    The pork dishes had the same problem.  It tasted like the pork was boiled on its own without seasoning and then mixed with an overly salty sauce.  And this applied to the beef dishes as well.  The pork and the beef itself was pretty fatty and "stringy".  I excitedly loaded up my first plate and was very disappointed when each thing I tried was too salty to eat.  And it just wasn't worth eating, since the meat was worse than the sauce.  The fried items offered were all very dried out.  There were a few whole fried sardines, which were pretty sad looking.  They also had fried chicken, but it looked like it had been sitting out for quite a while and pretty unappetizing.  Dessert was just some sliced watermelon.  With all the salt, the watermelon was a nice way to end the meal.  I ended up thirsty the rest of the day.
after the longest wait ever max's is finally open! when we got there we weren't sure if they were open or not (no signs or banners only a very small open sign on the front door) so we decided to just check it out! lo and behold they just opened! the staff was super friendly and the chicken is as always superb! unfortunately (and according to our very friendly server Buddy) they are only open for dinner for now...meaning from 5:30  pm to about 10:00 pm... aside from the chicken the rest of the food we ordered (pork sisig, lumpia sariwa, kare kare, and pansit guisado) needs a wee bit more seasoning but all in all it was a very nice meal and i can only imagine that since this looks to be only a soft opening of the place, it can onlu get better! will definitely come back again soon!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Finally, what almost every Pinoys have been waiting for is now open for business. Also, yes WAITING is the deal you'll have to go thru, but it's alright as long as the food is good. RIGHT?! Well, unfortunately the food DID NOT satisfy my taste buds. First let me tell you why I rated this place 3 stars, then the food we ordered and reasons why I didn't like it.  The 3 stars are pretty much for the great service, cleanliness and classy atmosphere. The hostess was very friendly and also pretty! (1 star for that) Servers were quite attentive and very nice whenever I was asking them questions. (2 stars for that) The third star was for a very elegant and clean look of the restaurant.  Now, let's get down to business, the food. We ordered Max's chicken party, calamares, chicken sisig, and nilagang baka. Alright, I'll give you guys a run down for each entree. The calamares was the first food that came out after 30 minutes of WAITING, was it worth it? Nah, the batter or breading was heavy and boy it was SALLTTY! It came with sides of atchara (pickled papaya) and vinegar with garlic which helped to tame the saltiness. Second  entree the "Max's fried chicken" I don't know how Zankou in Cali cooks their chicken but it's incomparable. I saw someone I know that had just finished eating and he told me that KFC tasted better. I was like seriously? I had their chicken before in Glendale it's pretty good. He was right! Again, not enough seasoning and just plain salty although not as salty as the calamares but I just tasted salt. I was wondering is this what their signature fried chicken? Then just forget about it. Now the chicken sisig, I made sure I do a TIP on yelp because it was just...I really hate to say it when I talk about food, but it's gross. Not appetizing at all. Like what I tipped it's too much onions and the mayo was weird. My sister in law was like is that macaroni salad. The nilagang baka was my last hope in this entire eating experience here, but behold my freaking nilagang baka taste way better. It had a slight metal or iron taste and  don't forget the salt. Yeah, it was also a tad salty. Taste like salt water with a very hint of metal or iron. I don't know maybe I was expecting the food to be way better than those Filipino fast foods, but I can say that it's about the same. We'll prolly come back next year when everything has settle down and not so busy anymore. Yes! I am hoping for a change food wise.
Yes, Max's of Manila has finally opened its doors.  After what seemed like an eternity and after much anticipation especially amongst the local Yelp community, Max's Las Vegas location is having a soft opening, with hours being 5:00pm to 9:00pm.  Mel C. and I stopped by for dinner on a whim and arrived around 6:30pm on a Saturday. The place was full with groups of people waiting to be seated and we were told it would be a 40 minute wait.  Already famished, but willing to be patient after waiting for so long for the place to open, we got lucky and were actually seated within 15 minutes.  However, we didn't get waited on for a while.  A waitress came by and checked on us; Mel says it's because she saw his Yelp app open, but who knows?  ;)  Although the fried chicken is what their specialty is here, I opted for the small order of kare-kare, my favorite Filipino dish.  The waitress started speaking to us in Tagalog and we answered in English until she got the gist that the b/f and I are "Amerikano" Filipinos, i.e. we don't speak Tagalog (although I can understand more than you think).  After a rough start, we got our food in a decent amount of time and our actual waiter, Noel, was attentive the rest of the meal.  The kare-kare beef and oxtail were good, except that the dish wasn't very hot, more lukewarm.  The eggplant was rather tough, so I didn't eat it after two bites.  Overall, there was quite a bit for a small order and I ended up taking half home. Mel got the famous fried chicken and it was just like I remember it: crispy skin like our relatives make at home, definitely not KFC like someone else described it.   We didn't have room for halo-halo, but I do look forward to trying their version.  This place was busy the entire time and the line was longer for a table when we left.  It seems we weren't the only ones waiting for Max's to open and, by the looks of it, they are a big hit already.  We'll be back--salamat!
5Star ratings for a 5Star service from our server Lloyd!  The food is absolutely flavorful & delicious!  It's officially the best Filipino Restaurant in town, hands down!!!
Perfect location! The ambience was nice specially if you're missing the Phils. I like the concept of their bar which I think is something unique compared to other Filipino restaurants in Vegas. The servers were cool and I admired their patience cuz if you noticed some "pinoys" are "mareklamo" which Im not really proud of. Anyway, the Max's platter has everything you need to try if it's your first time. I suggest you come early to reserve cuz it's usually pack and pretty slow. Enjoy! :)
I've been anxiously waiting for Max's to open since when they said they were going to open back in August. My family and I went here at 6pm and there was a bunch of Filipinos waiting outside...oh no! We were told there was a 40-minute wait so my sister asked how long it would take for a to-go order: 30 minutes. We stood outside and 10 minutes later, our table was ready. Everyone's lolo/lola, tito/tita, ate/kuya and barkada/kaibigan were here.   My parents would take us to Max's back in Manila when I was little. I liked their chicken a lot that my mom copied their recipe and she got it right. You can't come here and not get chicken and dip it in Jufran banana ketchup.    We got Max's Budget, Max's Fiesta Plate, calamansi juice, a bangus and halo-halo.  Max's Budget: Fried chicken leg, rice/fries, lumpiang Shanghai (egg rolls with meat) and a caramel bar. I've said this before and I'll say it again...I don't eat rice. But if I do, I always get garlic rice. The chicken was on the salty side and that's not how Max's does their chicken. My lumpia was burnt and super oily. I like the caramel bar. 3/5   Max's Fiesta Plate:  My sister and bro-in-law both got fried chicken leg, garlic rice, lumpiang ubod (fresh lumpia with heart of palm) and caramel bar. The lumpia wrapper was a bit thick but the filling was delicious. 4/5  Daing na Bangus: Pronounced "dah-eeng na bang-oos" not "bang us"...mmkay? Or just ask for the fried milkfish. Milkfish marinated in vinegar and garlic then fried. Dip in vinegar and eat with garlic rice. Yum! 5/5  Halo-halo: Shaved ice with kaong, nata de coco, ube, flan, beans, coconut shreds topped with ube ice cream sprinkled with pinipig. The ice to topping ratio was great. Most places will you lots of ice and less toppings. Max's has more toppings than ice and their ice is finer than the ones I've had here in Vegas. The pinipig was great and most places in Vegas  skip it and I don't know why. Sarap!!! 5/5    There are still kinks to be worked on and I understand since it's only their soft opening. Wet plates from the washer. Our food came an hour after placing our order. The chicken was a bit saltier than other Max's I've been to. My halo-halo went to the wrong table. There's still room for improvement and I'll come back after a few months.  Filipino 101: Where is da C.R.? = where is the bathroom? Sarap = delicious
Finally!! This has been a bookmark for quite some time months before their opening.  In fact, Yelp Las Vegas even has a Talk Thread about Max's Restaurant (http://www.yelp.com/topic/north-las-vegas-halo-halo-and-maxs).  What's all the hype...it's suppose to be Filipino food at its finest.  I've had their popular crispy chicken before.  And what I can remember, it was crunchy, greasy, and yet, it was still tasty.  Fast forward to now, the chicken is still greasy, still crunchy, and still tasty.    My Thoughts: -The Restaurant:  I know it's a new Restaurant and is suppose to be clean.  Guess what? It was was.  I was actually impressed with the size, decor, spaciousness, and cleanliness.  I don't remember a Max's being this clean.  Max's of Manila in Las Vegas is a change  -Ambiance:  Comfortable, for me at least.  I would say it was 99.2% Filipino.  Make that 99.9% after Terri R and I arrived. It's their soft opening, so busy they were.  The mood was fast paced once you finally get your food.  As soon as you leave, they fill your vacant tables.  Lines, lines, and more lines.  Customer were coming from all over.  You even notice this from the parking lot with all the NV plates, CA plates, and rental cars. The wait for us was suppose to be 40 minutes, but we ended up being seated just 15 minutes later.  NOTE:  This can still seem like an eternity if you're hungry like a madman.   -Service:  Not at their finest.  Once seated, we waited patiently, then impatiently for a long 15 minutes.  Keep in mind, this is just to get our orders taken and your drinks filled.  Max's is Filipino and their service is definitely on "Filipino Time".    -The Food (Max's Budget):  Like I stated earlier, their chicken hasn't changed over the years.  I ended up with their Max's Budget, which consisted of a leg quarter of Max's full chicken, 3 baby pieces of Shanghai Lumpia, a cup of white rice, and Caramel Bar.  The chicken had a lot of meat and was tasty.  The chicken was also greasy.  I use to be a fan of this type of chicken.  Not anymore.  But I can't complain about it because this is how they set for their fried chicken to taste like.  My mom's fried chicken is even made this way.  Geez, my family parties even have chicken made this way.  In other words...comfort "Food for You".  (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=k0PIF3xHTbBa16EtRCe3yg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)  -The Food (Max's Teaser):  I also ordered the Max's Teaser, which is their Calamari, Fries, and Shanghai Lumpia.  I don't eat fried foods much anymore and only got this to taste test.  I was disappointed with this order because it was skimped to the Max (pun intended). I felt disgusted after killing the whole plate.  Yes, I had to deMELish this but it didn't take much because I didn't get much.  I don't want to sound "kuripot" and I get it...it's called Max's Teaser for a reason.  They just teased me and ganked me with baby portions. (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=qm-sSyuKcJ-aYusyMZqMnQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)  -Price:  I'm mixed here because Terri's Kare Kare looked hooked up, my main meal's portion was average, and the Teaser was lacking everything.  But if you need to know, dinner for two with an appetizer only cost $33.  I guess that's not bad at all.  Overall, it would take a little more for me to give this place 5 stars because they are not "As good as it gets".  It's also tough for me to give them less then 4 stars because Max's Las Vegas is how I remember them and exactly what they aim to be...that's comfort Filipino food and served at a "Filipino Time" pace.  I'm sure I will be back because my out-of-town friends and family are fans. I'm sure they'll want to come here when they visit.    PS:  I thought the artwork on their paper place mats were a little interesting. These are just some of the things you notice when you're waiting to be served.     YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (465/500)
Finally Max's restaurant is here! We've been waiting for it for a while and now that they're open we have to check it out!  Just so you know, Max's is some kind of a "fine dining" restaurant, so expect to wait for a while or a couple of minutes for your order. Me and my husband ordered their famous:   *Whole chicken (w/ coleslaw and fries) Surprisingly good and taste like Max's in the Philippines. Love the fries, didn't even try to taste the coleslaw Not a single bite of it, coz it looks so dry.   *Kare-Kare, taste like kare-kare but it lacks of vegetables. But the most disappointing part was, it has lumps! We asked the manager/supervisor how did they cook their kare-kare he said it's pre made then, they froze it then, heat it whenever there's an order. That explains the Lumps! Lol  *Lumpiang ubod, is nothing without the peanut sauce! It is so plain! Lack of ingredients and doesn't contain the real taste of lumpiang ubod.    We just got disappointed with the food and the price. I don't know if we're still coming back.
A lot of not available anymore for the night and service has no finesse. Waiter is hyper and rushed. Sinigang came in lukewarm, we have to send chicken sisig back as it is also cold. It is only 8PM and a lot of things are not available, The Buco Pandan serving is not as generous as the one in Glendale and West Covina..This is suppose to be their training center so I  expected some good service. Needs a lot of improvement.
I've read the reviews of people complaining already...The restaurant JUST opened so, of course there's going to be lines...sheesh.  GET A GRIP PEOPLE...THIS RESTAURANT IS NEW IN LAS VEGAS...  SO ANYWAY ONTO MY GREAT COMMENT ABOUT MAX'S AND THE AWESOME SERVICE THAT I HAD.  =D  I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT!!!  I've NEVER had Filipino food before.  Now, I'm hooked and in love!  I have no complaints at all.  The service was FAST, food was great.  I will visit this restaurant again and again.  WHAT I ORDERED:  Ok, so they had a "teaser opening"  that I was invited to.  (YAY!)  I had Max's famous chicken, fries, and coleslaw.  OMGGG.  It was juicy, and very tasty.  The fries were nice and hot!! =D and the coleslaw was good.  The server, Noel, had me try the banana ketchup with hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce which (let me tell you) was GOOOOODDDD as a dipping sauce OR just with the chicken's natural flavors.  I can't think of the name of the dessert I tried!!!! AGHHHHH forgive me guys.  I can just describe it...it was in a glass, it had purple ice cream (which was coconut) crushed ice and small candy pieces!?  Next time I visit, I will have my phone charged, and take pictures of the menu.  --Maddi
So I can't help but agree with the previous post on all the complainers.  The wait is ridiculous BUT THEY JUST OPENED, it does come with the hype and territory people!         I give 5 stars for the food.  The chicken was worth the anticipation and what I remembered from my trip to P.I two years ago.  That and it definitely satisfied my pregnant cravings!!!  I ordered the Fiesta plater and sisig.   The chicken was juicy and tender in the inside, and had a nice seasoned crunch on the outside.  The fresh lumpia was a nice contrast to the pallet.  The Sisig on the other hand was a bit disappointing to me because it had ears,  I guess I got too excited, and didn't fully read the description...lesson learned!  We did not get out caramel bars...but I guess that was the reason our waiter subbed out for ice cream.        Service from our waiter great.  I didn't expect to much again because we were sat at 8:30...close to closing and the place was still packed.  However Jerry was awesome and attentive in any way he could.   He even made a sauce for us at our table to eat with our chicken!             So why 4 stars?  To my understanding they have been open for "Soft Opening" since last week, between the hours 4-9.   In my opinion that's one long soft opening!  At this point they should consider opening normal business hours to help decrease wait time in the evening.  It was 1h+ wait time when we arrived.  They were taking "To Go" orders also, maybe during "Soft Opening" stage this isn't the smartest move; again they are only open for 4 hours ATM.  The kitchen got to the point were they were at a halt and orders were stopped for a bit so they could catch up.  So maybe until they are fully opened, To Go orders should wait.         Anyways I am looking forward to coming back.  Overall experience was worth it...a few hick ups but a lot of great potential.
Will not eat at this overrated place. Even the manager has no good customer service. Yes the place was busy but that doesn't excuse that other tables that sat after us got their food first and on top of that they were missing two of our entrees. The waiter didn't even look like he was checking up on our order it was the other waiter who was trying to help. As for the food it's just a plain fried chicken anybody can cook it. The sisig was a pile of greasy pork pieces. It's so bad that I rather eat at jollibees.
40 minute wait for 8 pp. 45 minute for food. Ordered 2 sisig, 2 chix, 2 sinigang na baboy, baka, kare kare, 2 appetizer platter. Three bowls of rice. 2 soup came but no plates and rice. 7 plates arrives but I never was given one. By the time all the food was served the two sinigang is cold. But it's ok, the dirty tables around us keeped my eye site entertained. Guys we are in Vegas . Clean tables and bussing and filling the drinking glass with beverage is important. Class 101. Can't blame the servers, lack of Managment. Food was tasteless . The sisig was to salty. Chix was  precooked and pre heated or fried. It was dry from the inside crispy outside. Don't take my word but the three chef from Caesars entertainment that are with me agreed. And also I ordered some chix to go for my wife. Came home and the chix was frozen inside but crispy and hot outside. I remembered eating in downtown LA every Sunday at Max. It was home cooked food. Here the kare kare is made out of instant mix. The other fino restaurant use real peanut butter. The appetizer lumpia, I think was bought from seafood market and just served it to us. Nothing to brag, but our local Filipino restaurant here at Vegas are much better. Eating at Max is bad first impression.   A little advice, restaurant 101, soft opening, you over staff not under staff. First impression is the "wow" factor not holy shit most of the tables are full of dirty dishes. We call this in the food and beverage department, first in first out. Servers coming in brings food or drinks, when they go out they bring back dirty dishes. Sorry ... Didn't realize Max restaurant lowered there standard. Oh last thing. 96% of all customers goes to the bathroom. Should be clean, I promise I'm not lying.
Overrated.. Overpriced.. UNDERwhelmed.  3 words to describe my dining experience at Max's tonight.  Came here for dinner with my mom and a couple of her coworkers. We came just as they opened for dinner (5pm as stated on the sign at the door).  However there were so many people seated and eating already when we got there..!  So much for a 5pm dinner time.  Anyways, on to the food. We ordered pansit bihon, lechon kawali, pork sisig, nilagang baka, and the famous whole chicken.  I was so unimpressed with everything we ordered..! I felt there was a definite lack of taste and flavor to all the dishes we ordered. As for their famous chicken.. mehhh.. I'll take jollibee fried chicken any day!  I was most disappointed with the nilagang baka.  We went to Max's restaurant in San Francisco a couple weeks back and it was one of the best nilagang baka I ever had, but sadly this location could not replicate that same great tasting soup :(  The prices to me seem a bit steep as well for food that's not all that great. The only positive thing I have to say about tonight's dining experience was the service.. Our server was friendly and attentive. The space of the restaurant is not half bad either.   Will I come back..? Maybe once the "opening" hoopla dies down, and they get the food right. But I don't forsee it happening in the near future.
How ridiculous, soft opening? Looked at website after I got there, it says they open at 4pm and sign on door says they open at 5pm. They need to figure this out, maybe I'll think about coming back. But with the reviews so far, doesn't seem like anyone should bother to waste time and money.
The restaurant ambience is very good and clean. Love the food but the sago gulaman is sweet. Pork Sisig needs some crunchiness to it .
Hope they will improve on the long line. Food is ok not so authentic on the taste buds.... But the employees are nice especially our server.
So this place just opened,. Its a brand new establishment with super major hype and people are expecting everything to be completely perfect.. LOL!!     We arrived about 5:30 and was told the wait was 40 minutes and to give them our number so they could text us when a table was open. 47 Minutes later we got a text and were seated promptly. About 6 Minutes later a guy appearing to be the manager was taking our order.. We ordered the appetizer of calamari but it was sold out, Understandable, as max's calamari is known to be very good. So we just went ahead and ordered 1 Mickey Bihon,1 Whole Chicken 1 Regular Crispy Pata and a large garlic rice. All the food was very delicious and served very hot. Our drinks were refilled promptly as well, Overall pretty good for not even being fully open..   Give them a break guys... Im sure things will get better after the staff has a chance to get used to everything and the hype dies down. All of the max's i have been to in the Philippines have really good food and very bad service LOL,.. So Calm down you 1 star people.. Go make a review of McDonalds..
Be prepared for a long wait time. I realize they opened about a week ago but you would think business would be running smoothly by now.
Food was excellent but had to wait for about 30 minutes for table. Food was placed on table and we had to wait another 5 minutes for plates to actually eat. Other than that the food was great and I recommend for the authentic Filipino food.
I've been waiting for Vegas to open a Max's Chicken! I was so excited to know that Vegas was finally opening one.  We arrived before the restaurant opened and there were people already waiting. We were seated as soon as it opened. After 30 minutes, the place was starting to get full.   The food was so-so. It was good, but not great. I love kare kare, but the one they served lacked taste. Maybe I was expecting too much? Idk. On the other hand, their chicken was amaaaaazing!  The service was great tho! Our waiter, Lloyd, was very welcoming and was always ready to serve us.   I recommend people to come in early IF they want to be seated and served right away or else you will be waiting for a LONG time.
I went to Max's  for my friend's birthday and I was really disappointed.  I could understand the the flaws with the food since they just opened. While waiting for the food (which took a while), I was observing the manager that has Nico on his name tag. First, I saw him smiling and giggling while talking to some female waiters but then a few mins later I saw him talking to a male waiter and it seemed that he was scolding him. Telling someone about their mistake is one thing but yelling and being rude like that manager Nico towards the male waiters was unacceptable.  I really feel bad for the waiters to the point that I wanted to confront that manager but I figured I should just put it here on yelp so people would know and if the upper management of Max's is reading this, please do something about it. I have been to this Max location four times and its obvious that they lack coordination and good management.  Food was okay but not that impressive.   One more thing, the table beside us found a fly on their food but apparently it does not matter because they were still billed for their orders. They just replaced the food and moved on as if it's not a big deal finding a fly on your food. The name of their waiter was Kurt.  And please don't let employees with open cuts to serve or even get near the food because it's a healthy hazard.   Oh and I saw Nico touching the female waiter's back..wonder if that's part of the job.  If they want positive feedback from people then changes have to be made and start with employees and the food.
The restaurant was nice; hosts, waiters, and bartender were super friendly and service was great.  Unfortunately, the specialty (chicken) was a disappointment.  I am hoping they'd take pointers from their branch in Daly City as they serve super delicious fried chicken.
3.5 stars, but I'll round it up to 4 because they don't deserve an average of 2 and a half stars. I came with 2 others making us a party of 3 on a Friday night. Like everyone said in their reviews the wait is about 45 minutes, which is true. Although the other patrons start complaining about other parties getting called before them and the hosts nicely explain it's based on availability of tables and not the order you come in. C'on people give them a break they just opened, do you expect them to have everything perfect within the first few weeks?! The management team running this place probably have more restaurant experience than you anyway. Jackie was our server and she was pretty good for the most part. We didn't wait too long for our food because I think she had rushed the kitchen since we had asked how much longer it would be before our food was served. We order the chicken sisig, pancit canton and a whole chicken. Shoulda just ordered the chicken like everyone said. Although I did enjoy the pancit canton because they used a different type of noodle. On the other hand, the sisig was just a mess, what's up with the mayo?! It didn't have the vinegar in it like the traditional way. I read in another review it is like flop of mayo called sisig, which is true so I don't recommend ordering this. We had to wait a good 20 minutes to pay because supposedly the credit card machine was acting up, but Jackie was very apologetic about this. I must say her service did make our experience overall better. Lastly, the interior is pretty nice, beautiful for Filipino standards. Next time I need my chicken fix, I'll just order it for take out.
I understand that they just opened and the wait is long but if customers are willing to try them out and wait to be seated and served ... I think from then on at least the customer service should be pleasant and the food delicious and they would receive repeat customers. But my family and I did not experience any of these. The portions were small and way overpriced. To be perfectly honest I find the whole fried chicken that is made to order at Pinoy Pinay Restaurant more delicious, crispy and very flavorful. In fact my family and I enjoy Pinoy Pinay 's food better without the inflated price.
Serving portions are small, so you can somewhat say it's overpriced. They didn't have sisig when we went, and it was within the first two weeks of opening. Our food came in at different times which is unacceptable in my opinion. Our server was ok. Based on my observation, it doesn't look like they were trained. They are actually more concerned about cleaning up the tables rather than taking care of the actual customers. Overall, very displeased with the experience.
I've dined at Max's in Glendale, Ca a few times. I was ecstatic to hear of an opening in Las Vegas. I had my mind set on eating Max's Beef Caldereta (dish served at Max's in Glendale, Ca) with Garlic Rice.  Unfortunately, its not served at this location. This location is just serving the basics.  I had the Chicken Sigsig, a Whole Chicken, Garlic Rice and the Halo-Halo.   The Chicken Sigsig lacked flavor. It tasted like mayo mixed with day old chicken and slices of jalapeno. For a better tasting Sigsig , I recommend dining at Cafe Moda.  The Whole Chicken was moist and tender. I enjoyed crunching on the crispy chicken skin. Though, I still don't know what the hype is over the chicken's flavor. My guess it lacked in this chicken.  The Garlic Rice was good.   Lastly, I ordered the Halo-Halo. Delicious! The best in all Las Vegas.  The wait staff were polite and friendly.  By the way, don't ask for water. Its tap unfiltered hard water. Ask for bottled water.  In conclusion, the food is bland and lacks authentic flavor and the menu items are over priced. I wouldn't come back for the entrees until Max's Beef Caldereta is put on the menu to try.  For now I'll continue to dine at Max's in Glendale, CA. However, I will come back for the Halo-Halo.  My recommendation for this Max's is to lower the prices (especially when the food is not that good and you are just starting out) and serve authentic food.
Great place for unique food. Great service! The chicken is amazing! The San Miguel beer is also a good compliment to the chicken. The wait was a little bit longer than expected. But that's expected for a new place.
Las Vegas definitely needed a Max's restaurant and we finally got one. All of the food was cooked to perfection.  Sinigang, Pancit, Kare-Kare...etc.  I definitely recommend you dine at Max's!
This was my 2nd visit here after their soft opening, so essentially this was a second chance.   Pros (very few)  -Courteous staff, very apologetic for their inadequate supply of favorite menu items. i.e. Lechon Kawali, Pork Sisig & Calamansi.  -Clean dining and bar area. Most likely cause they just opened. (We'll see how long that'll last)  Cons  -Servers are not competent of their job description and are forgetful of serving basics. i.e. Always get the drink orders first before taking food orders or any food has come out, not informing patrons of items that are currently unavailable, forgetting to bring the dessert portion of the meal (which is included when ordering one of the combo meals)  -Restaurant was only half full, yet the waiting area in the front was nearly packed and the wait was 10 mins on what appears to be a slow night.   With that said, this may be a new restaurant in the area, but this is a popular and successful chain in the Philippines and California.  So they have no excuse for any short comings or inexperience with opening up this new location. I WILL NOT BE RETURNING!!! Beware!
We sat down and ordered then I checked in and saw how bad the ratings were and started to get worried, but nothing bad happened on this trip. It's a new restaurant and seems to be experiencing the growing pains of learning their stuff while being crazy busy as times with all the buzz of a Max's here.  We got Max's chicken and it was fried the way it's supposed to be, moist with that signature light crisp skin. We got garlic rice to go with it and that was standard, but good and not overly oily. I was just in Philippines a few weeks ago and the chicken was cooked the same way as it was there.   Pancit palabok. This was decent enough. It was on the saucier side which I actually prefer as some places don't give enough sauce for me.  Our service was good. He was really friendly and kept on our drinks. The turnaround time on the food coming to the table wasn't long either.   No matter the Max's I go to, I never go during dinner peak times and definitely not on Sundays when Filipinos will flock after church in large groups and this will be a hot spot for Filipino birthday parties. The wait will probably piss you off and while the food is decent, it's not worth waiting a hour to get a seat so don't do that to yourself.    It's been open only 2-3 weeks so I hope they only get more consistent from here. I'm glad to have a sit down Filipino restaurant though since I rarely eat Filipino food. I hope my visits will be just as positive as this one.
After eating here a couple of hours i got hives and went to Urgent Care twice.  I believe they put too much MSG on their food.  I will never go back here again.
Very limited menu. Food was good and service was great. They are only open for dinner. Everything is also al a carte. The prices are a bit high too. There are other places in town that I will go for Filipino food.
They won't give you sauce for the chicken and everything is pricey.wont recommend to anyone
My white friends like this place too.  There's a lot of butt-hurt yelpers on here.  Why so harsh people?  So i get it... your mom makes the best pancit.  Your uncle Boy fries the best lechon kawali. But man... Max is pretty legit!  Took a couple co-workers here and everyone had a great time with great food.  Ordered a bunch to share:  Fried chicken-  that crispy skin though!  hook me up with the Jufran (banana ketchup) Pork Adobo- seasoned well and a crowd favorite  Lechon kawali- that fried pork belly so good!  Dip it with the vinegar Kare kare- oxtail stew with veggies ina savory peanut sauce pretty legit, not amazing, but good lumpia-  eggrolls-kind of bigger than i'm used to (no pun intended) but good appetizer Pancit- stir fried noodles, standard and good Flan-  sweet custard, deliciousness just like mom's  Got my filipino food fix here in Vegas.  My mom's pancit is still better than your mom's, but Max'z is a good place to introduce your non-filipino friends to some good filipino food.  Your filipino friends will still enjoy it here too.  OK... pass me the Red Horse
We are all from southern california and we went to las vegas last week to celebrate my wife's birthday.As we were strolling around Flamingo road, we saw this Filipino restaurant, Max's and we decided all to eat hear. We ordered every Filipinos favorites like lechon kawali, sinigang na hipon, fresh lumpia and fried chicken, not to mention a ton of rice,LOL! WOW....45mins after ordering we havent receive anything yet and we were all starving. The people next to us said that it took an hour for them to receive their order. We were all getting pissed and decided to cancel it if theyre not going to make it a lil bit faster.I dont know what happened but after 5-10mins, our order came out...ayayaiiii,finally! They have a good food,yeah, no questions about but their SERVICE SUCKS!SO SLOW, so make sure you go hear an hour before you feel your hunger or else, u might pass out due to empty stomach! A LOT OF SERVERS but LESS COOKS, THATS why!!!!!
We had my cousins birthday party this afternoon. As a chef myself, they started bringing out all the food all at once, guess what? They were all cold! Sinigang was bland, kare kare was also bland.   I'm disappointed that the name doesn't hold its reputation at all!  I understand that most of our party was 15 minutes late but still isn't an excuse to serve cold ads, bland entrees.   Its understandable that it's only a couple of months old but, management should've been prepared for such demand of this kind of chain here in Las Vegas. A town known for its culinary trends.   Also,  half of the restaurant was half full yet,  the amount of people waiting at the entrance is just ridiculous!  I strongly suggest getting things organized because that is a fire hazard with people clumped up at the door!   You should also train better bar servers/bartenders. The gentleman who had taken my drink order didn't even know what tap meant when I had asked him, what do u guys have on tap? He straight said. Sir what tap? Tap water? I'm like, WTF to that? He also did not know how to operate the POS system and how much my beverage was? Kudos to the other server who assisted the bartender.   Overall wise, I will be back. But please remind the kitchen not to be afraid of a little salt and pepper. And if your kitchen staff wants to learn how to use proper seasoning?  Let me know ? thank you.
There is no sense of urgency in the service here.  They greet us and ask how many.  Then they continue to chit chat a while amongst themselves.  Walk in 5:45pm and it feels cozy, they have a fireplace on. It is clean and spacious. Walk by and smell garlic rice yumm!!! 6pm and I'm asking anyone if we have a server?  It has been 15 min since we sat and we don't even have water. 6:03pm and we place our order.  The server apologizes at 6:20pm. I had calamansi juice served with ice, refreshing and sweet. We get our food at 6:30pm. Starved! The lechon Kawali is good and crunchy skin with soft meat.  Tastes great with the Mang Tomas sauce. The garlic rice smells great and has the right dry but soft texture. Pancit palabok was also good.  Thank goodness the food tasted good.  I would give the food 4 stars alone. The tab for two of us came out to $31.24.  If only the service here was as good as the food. I was really unhappy sitting at our table waiting 45min to eat. Not the same experience I had in a Northern California location.
If there's a "zero" or a even a negative five, I would!....Service was really bad. I took my parents to this restaurant, really excited to see how they can match or perhaps surpass the service in Glendale, CA ...BUT! NOT!! Supervisor/manager was unhelpful. Unbelievable! this Manager needs to be Fired!...actually I'm calling the Corporate office regarding our interaction.  It took them a long time to give me back my credit card. I even had to asked them what happened to it. It took them a good 30 mins to give me back my card!
The food was delicious but the service is very disappointing. My mom and I ordered four dishes and one of them is nilagang baka, after they served what we ordered, the waiter asked us If there's anything else they can help us without realizing we still don't have plates and utensils on the table (kailangan pa bang i-memorize yan?).   The nilagang baka is not hot anymore when I scooped it into my bowl so I asked the waiter to reheat it for us, so they did (thank you!). I asked for a new bowl so I can put the  hot soup in there then I waited for so long and it didn't came, so I stood up asked one of the lady (I believe she's the hostess or the cashier, a short Asian lady maybe early 20's) if she can get me a bowl and still I didn't get a bowl so I went to the door of the kitchen so I can have my FUCKING BOWL! and by the time I got my bowl my nilagang baka is cold again. Can someone tell me who's customer will still have the appetite to eat.  No plate Soup is cold asked for bowl but it didn't came  DON'T DESERVE TO HAVE A STAR!  I'm warning you people don't ruin your day
Yes! Finally a Max's here in Las Vegas. I love Filipino food, and although this may not be my Lola's cooking, it's pretty darn good. Daing na Bangus is my favorite, along with the Kare Kare. Don't forget the calamansi juice... Yum! Not sure why they some bad reviews, for a brand new restaurant, the service was great, servers were very friendly and attentive, the food was delicious, and the ambiance is awesome! I'll definitely be coming back soon.
Late post - this happened earlier last month.  The long awaited opening of Max's is finally here.  Here are my thoughts about this place:  1) WAIT = The long wait was expected because of all the hype. No problem there...the only issue I had was when the host tried to give my spot in line to somebody that he knows.  When I approached him about it, he told me that he doesn't have a table for 4 yet he offered a table for 4 to his friends that just got there. 2) AMBIANCE = the ambiance was good. Definitely a good family place to dine in.  They also have a bar inside which is a plus considering their location. It also set up nicely for private events as there are sliding doors that could separate sections of the restaurant. 3)  SERVICE = The service wasn't as good as expected but given the fact that they just opened 8 nights ago (dinner only), I have to say that they have to do a lot of training specially their bussers. It took 15 mins before we got our drinks while there are at least 3 bussers walking around for plates to be put away instead of making sure that all the customers waiting gets their drinks first.  I finally called one of the staff which seems to be a manager or a supervisor as he wasn't wearing the waiter uniform instead he was wearing a blue shirt with a tie. I had to ask for our water and informed him that we are ready to order. After placing our order, it took another 10 mins and my husband has to asked another server for our drinks. Our waiter Lloyd apologize multiple times about the delay which is nice. He made the rest of our dining experience tolerable. 4) FOOD = We ordered 1 full chicken, regular crispy pata, regular kare kare and bicol express and buko pandan for dessert.  The chicken was ok, I think the one in Glendale was better. The Crispy Pata was amazingly good. It was fried perfectly on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside. The Kare-Kare was also good. The Bicol Express is perfectly seasoned and spiciness hit the spot. The buko pandan was delicious but the winner for tonight's dinner was definitely the Crispy Pata.  Overall, the management should consider training their staff more on quality customer service so they don't end up a failure like Goldilocks. We, Las Vegans are quite particular with the quality of service and food since we are blessed with many upscale restaurants. I would definitely give them another chance and comeback.
Writing this after my third visit to this place.  In short the food is good, the service however is not so good. My third visit 12/10/13 our server was Ian. But this dude decides to disappear on us after serving our food.  On the other hand, another server Steven noticed us & made sure to get us refills & desert. So kudos to Steven.
Got seated in less than 5 minutes, food came out quickly and was tasty. I order the Shanghai Lumpia which came in a great eatable fried wrapper dish, the pancit bihon, an order of the chicken sisig (will not recommend), an order of the full max's chicken (which was great), an order of palabok, an order of the crispy pata, and an order of the spaghetti (which was too sweet and cheesy for my likeness).  For the most part service was good. Great first time experience.
i am very disappointed with the service. i waited 45 minutes for 3 orders. and take note its "take out". the crew are running around cos there are a lot of people. well every crew has to have there own station. and the receptionist is out of sight. there were still people coming in and waiting to be sitted. but the receptionist is inside the kitchen making orders. management sucks. not organized at all. people are waiting, orders are not taken in time. like seriously???? its not an excuse that you are busy and helping others. you panic because you are not organized. not really worth the wait.
This restaurant has been open a couple of months, and there should be no excuses for unforgettably lousy service.  The servers were friendly, but do they know what customer service really means?  I came with a friend, and we were both born and grew up in the Philippines.  My parents are from Bulacan and my friend is from Pampanga, and we know good food.  The service:  We waited for about 20 minutes after we were seated, and we had to call someone to complain.  We were told someone would be coming, and we waited another 10 minutes.  We had to flag someone down again.  Finally, someone took the order, and we told him we wanted only water to go with the dishes we ordered.  The water did not come.  Another guy came by to ask what we were drinking, and I said water.  The water still did not come.  So we complained again.  I guess they don't like it when they have to serve only water for drinks which means no tips based on zero price.  So the water finally was served.  About 5 minutes later, the food was finally served.  We felt hurried through dinner since the staff was going to prepare for their own Christmas party that night at the restaurant.  One of them kept wanting to take away the plates even though they still had food in them.  Some of the staff came to our table and were apologetic, but do apologies erase a bad taste in your mouth?  The food:  We ordered the fried chicken, lumpiang sariwa, sinigang na baboy, and halo-halo.  My friend liked the chicken, it was just ordinary for me.  The lumpia was okay, not garlicky the way I like it.  The sinigang na baboy was not sour the way sinigang should be, and not plentiful enough for what they charged.  The halo-halo was average and did not have a lot of ingredients.  I felt like I could have done better at one of the Filipino turo-turo food stores in town.  The ambiance:  How come the bar does not have chairs around it so if people want to hang out, they can sit at the bar?  We were catching a cold draft from where we were sitting, so I stood up to check on the windows and see if the empty tables were warmer.  I put my fleece jacket back on after which an assistant manager type went to the thermostat after a few minutes and adjusted the temperature.  There were empty tables that were not cleaned for a while, it was a Tuesday night and was not really busy, so that really looked terrible.  I celebrated one of my birthdays at Max's in the Philippines back then, and I have good memories from it.  This recent experience at Max's in Las Vegas, sad to say, was memorably bad, and I will not return, nor will I tell my friends that there is a Max's in town.  There is just too much competition in Las Vegas now for great food, and when I want Filipino food, I'll just go to a turo-turo.
It's the infamous Max franchise! Now finally located in Las Vegas! We just had to go try it. The establishment is very nice and upscale, a lot better than most filipino restaurants, but the food and service was ok. They were out of sisig and kare kare which apparently his the most popular dishes. I was super bummed to find that we couldn't order it since that was all I was looking forward to. Other dishes included chicken adobo, beef steak, and pancit bihon and palabok, and sinigang.   You can also divide or section off parts of the place if you're looking to celebrate here with a big party which is pretty cool. The service was good, and thy were very attentive and apologetic to us when they were out of certain dishes. However, to be out of not just one dish but two...I feel poses a problem if you're trying to service your customers because they expect to have whatever is on the menu.
low service Server doesnt know how to interact with a guest  Server gives bullshit why the food is late but then I got my food cold I ordered "fresh and not saugy canton" which is that's not what I got smh  Then the server said "it's already pre made" so I guess Max's food ain't fresh and they make you wait half to hour to get your food.  Just because I ordered "Maxs Plate combo meal" the server said that's why they don't recommend it because it takes a long time THEN wtf is it on the menu?! They don't have minimum time to take out the food out of the table, just because there's a party going on it doesn't mean you have to use that as an excuse.  Chef needs to be organize on there station not everyone focusin in the party I mean there's people waiting and hungry.   It's a NIGHTMARE !!!!! Ugh  The drinks like soda cost $2.50 and the server doesn't even ask for a refill they care more other things than take care there tables or station.  And this is the thing he apologize to my mom I mean I am the one who is complaining like wtheck and I ask question I don't get straight up answer ! Yeah I look like a child but don't treat me like a child coz I am an adult having dinner with my mom.  My first exp is the worst already, second was better and then the third one is this one and I don't think I am planning to come I mean my mom said she will never come back too.
If you got time to kill and initially you're not as hungry,  then this would be the perfect restaurant for you. You'll be waiting on your table for so long that by the time your server comes (if you're even that lucky to get one to take your order) you'll be starving by then. Service is horrible!!  I've had better service at a hot dog stand than this place.  Don't get me wrong the food is delicious and super tasty but don't waste your time eating inside the restaurant. Order over the phone and do carry out. I'll never ever ever come back to this restaurant even if you were to pay me to go. I don't understand why there's like 10 guys on the floor and our server only had 2 tables (that's including us)  and he told us twice he'll be back to take our order. Yeah right!  I think I have a better chance winning the lotto than to ever get my order taken.  I'm so upset this happened especially how slow it was at 3pm on a Friday. My family and I got up and left!  Get your act together management!  Your employees performance is ruining your reputation!!
This place is the worst. I would never go back. I went once with my family to try it out every one said there known for there chicken.  There chicken taste like every other chicken, nothing special.    Customer service is soooooo bad. This one server keeps passing by but don't ask if we needed anything and he sees our glass is empty and plates were empty.  I had to keep asking can u get this, can we get refill,  etc.  Food. OMFG. No freaking taste to the nilaga baka. WTF.... on the freaking menu there was Max teaser but the server said they don't have it. Then why is it on the fu***** menu. Calamari no taste and small as portion for every thing. The calamari they make u can buy a box at 99ranch for $11. Evrything tasted horrible. The bill was $85 for shit.I would rather eat at fiesta Filipina restaurant is way better and bang for ur bucks. I ordered the crab fried rice yuk taste like shit like straight from the water. I asked if we can get it without peas and the server said its pre made.   WTF!!!!! WHY IS THIS PLACE STILL OPEN IF FOOD AINT MADE FRESH!!! PRE MADE THEN INSTEAD OF CHARGING FOR FOOD THAT IS SUPPOSE TO BE FRESH THIS PLACE SHOULD BE LIKE A PANDA EXPRESS U JUST PICK OUT THE FOOD U WANT.   HORRIBLE FOOD AND CUSTOMER SERVICE. TWO IMPORTANT THING TO MAKE A SUCCESSFUL RESTAURANT...THEY CANT EVEN DO ONE!
Went here on a Saturday night. It didn't really seem too busy but I couldn't see the other side of the restaurant. The rating of 2 stars is more for the service and over all experience, not so much the food. We were seated in between a party of 4 and a party of about 10. The hostess shorted us 1 menu, which I guess is fine. It took about 10 minutes after being seated before the waiter acknowledged us, even though he had to practically jump over me to get to the table behind ours. After he took our order, we expected our drinks to be delivered prior to the meal. Nope. We had to ask twice for the drinks to be given to us before they finally were. The food was really good. A bit cold but overall, it was delicious. I ordered the Max's Budget meal which says it comes with Shanghai, but when the meal was given to me, there were not eggrolls on the plate. I had to ask the waited where they were and he said he had to make sure that they were included. Apparently, I knew the menu better than he did. He came back several minutes later with 4 eggrolls and said he forgot them. Service here was horrible. I hope it's b/c it was busy on the side of the restaurant I couldn't see. The food was really good though so I will probably just order take out from now on.
Service is slow. With that said, try this restaurant if you are not that hungry, like you just need to eat because you're bored or because it's dinner time, you know, those excuses.    -OR-  Bring a very talkative or entertaining friend.  Food is okay, nothing special.
We have a Max's (of Manila) in Hawaii....and I'm assuming this is the same...alas, the first and only time I've had Max's (of any kind) is in the actual Manila many many years ago...so long ago that I don't remember the experience at all...  I had read on Yelp that they had silogs (Filipino breaky with garlic fried rice, fried egg, and your choice of meat) all day.....that most def sealed the deal in having lunch there since we were at Toys R'Us.  We entered when they had just opened at 11/1130am, and it surprisingly had 4 tables already filled.  I, immediately, asked about their silog selections because I was craving a milkfish silog and our waiter said they "didn't have that anymore!" SAD.FACE. I was hella bummed. BF looked at me like I was crazy cuz, as he said it: there's other good food to order!  Alas, he was right and we ordered the garlic fried rice, pork belly sisig, and he got a lunch special with the fried chicken, garlic rice, and pancit.   Being the foodie that he is, he said that the fried chicken here is his favorite! That's a pretty big deal. He loved its moist chicken meat and crispy and NOT AT ALL OILY chicken skin. Not the kind of chicken from KFC or Popeye's for sure.  The garlic fried rice was Guud....the kind of good that reminds me of my mom's garlic fried rice; like homecooking at a restaurant, if that's possible. The pork belly sisig was very good, especially with some freshly squeezed lime/calamansi juice on it. I just wish it was a little more spicy, like that of Café Moda's sisig ---- although this in no way is comparable to Café Moda's sisig in my mind.  We left happy, full, and even with some leftovers.  Service was good considering I was expecting a lack there of from reading some Yelp reviews.
The servers are friendly, but a little aloof.  I understand that the restaurant is fairly new, but I felt like it was amateur hour.  One of the dishes did not come at the same time as everyone else's and they did not seemed concern until we asked about it.    The food was okay.  I ordered the chicken adobo.  I liked the broth they used, it wasn't too salty and it was a little sweet.  However it was disappointing because the chicken was dry.  My sister ordered the fried chicken and that was pretty delicious.  It was tender and crispy.  If I ever go back I am probably just going to get the fried chicken.
Max. Max. Max. Max. Bout damn time you opened up only for me to find out that you still have a lot of kinks to work out based on reviews and word of mouth. So I was thinking  a couple months should give you enough time to get your S***T together.  Fast forward to Monday, January 6th. 7 pm dinner time. 8 of us show up and are seated in a timely manner. So far, service seems legit.  We ordered Garlic Fried Rice, Lechon Kawali, Sizziling Tofu, Chicken Sisig, Pakbet, Sinigang na Baboy, Fried Bangus, and of course, Max's Fried Chicken! We ended our feast with Buko Pandan and Halo-Halo for dessert.  We got our food rather quickly. Again, service seems very good. It was not until we got all our food that the I noticed our server disappeared. We were enjoying our food but was wondering when we were going to get refills on all our drinks. We also wanted to order dessert. I would say we did not see our server for a good 15 minutes. We ended up flagging another server to find out where our server was.   So he finally comes back to attend to our needs. As I told him that we needed refills and to order dessert, I smell the strong odor of cigarette smoke all over him and his breath as he acknowledged our needs. DUDE! Now we know where he has been. He obviously was on his break smoking. Pop a breath mint or 20. I hope he at least washed his hands. Memo to upper management or whoever is in charge of hiring and training your servers, either you need to do a better job of keeping an eye on your employees or hire better servers! I mean, when somebody goes on break, someone else is supposed to cover temporarily until that person comes back.   So we get our refills finally and our desserts. At this point, I just wanted to finish and pay up so we can get out of there.  Overall, I was actually impressed at the beginning until our server went on his break. It's such a shame too because the food was 4 star worthy but the service was no better than a 2. So this is where I can justify my rating of 3 at this point in time. Maybe in another couple months or whenever I feel that enough time has passed for you big wigs to finally pay attention to these reviews that have a common theme and actually do something about it, until then I predict your average will not go any higher than a 3.  Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #8
This place needs a lot of work for sure! The servers were friendly but everyone needs more training. I took my family here for my birthday. The wait to be seated was not that bad. However, the wait to get our food felt really long. I really did not like the fact that they did not build our order, they simply brought our food almost one by one. Our sizzling pork sisig came first and the others took a couple more minutes to get to our table. By the time the rest of the food came the sisig was not hot anymore. I was also very disappointed with the pancit canton. It was very watery and and it lacked flavor. The only good food that we ordered was the chicken everything else was just eh ok.   I know opening a restaurant is tough but come on you are in Vegas and just a few minutes from the strip! I am giving this place 3 stars just because it's Max's Restaurant. If I was not familiar with the brand I would give this place a 1.5 because I know they could do a lot better.   Tips: - Train all of your staff according to industry standards. - The kitchen needs to run quicker. - The servers needs to learn how to juggle their tables better. - The food needs better flavors (it lacks a lot of flavor). - Build the orders (don't just bring out one dish but bring them all together). - Please please please train each and every single employee better.
Next best place to Mom's cooking!  Authentic, generous portions and friendly service.  Worth my drive from Summerlin...just wish there was one closer to home.
The food was really good, but the plates were super dirty. Bring your own plates lol.
I just moved to Las Vegas from San Diego and I was happy to find Max's Restaurant because it eases the homesickness a tad. The Max's in SD closed years ago so seeing it thriving here is definitely a treat.   Since I arrived here in December I have visited this place about 5 times already. I have dined in as well as phoned in pick up orders. Through my  experiences, I didn't realize that this restaurant was fairly new nor did I have any qualms about the service I received nor the quality of my food. In fact, during my last trip here, our server Lloyd was very amicable, polite, and sincere. I almost felt ashamed to hear an elder regard me with "Po" so obviously I tried to be an even more pleasant customer.  The nice thing is that a lot of the food here seems to be cook to order. For anyone who knows a little about cooking Filipino food, it doesn't take 5 minutes to tenderize your meat, deep fry your chicken, or soften your pancit. While I'm sure more kinks could be worked out in terms of speed, I'd much rather enjoy my food piping hot and fresh (with a 15-20 wait) than something that could easily be obtained from a "turo-turo" with a layer of soluble fat skimming the top.  Also, we brought some food to my family while they were visiting. Everyone knows that a homecooking 83 year old grandmother is the harshest critic of Filipino food. Needless to say, my nanay enjoyed her food very much and was surprised at the quality of the sisig and pancit. To each their own..   Anyhow, it might not quite be like home but for a family who is too lazy to cook, a transplant who wants a little taste of home, or a tourist/newcomer looking to try a different sort of Asian flare, I definitely recommend Max's.   Try their garlic fried rice, fried chicken, lechon sisig, and pancit miki if you want to be a little on the safe side. Also, their calamansi juice is very refreshing.   They've been around since 1945.. they must be doing something right!
overall this place gets 3 stars due to the lack of customer service but great ass Filipino food in Vegas !
Went here for the first time since it opened with my sister. We went around 5 or 6. The wait wasn't bad, when we came in the girl immediately asked " for two? " I'm a hotel management student, and that was a bad greeting, she didn't say welcome or anything like that.  The place wasn't busy as it was still early for dinner. The server came and asked for drinks, and when they know you speak tagalog, they will talk to you in tagalog. We ordered, food came in a pretty good time, but the server brought it one by one, and when he served the sinigang he was holding the bowl on the top side, which wasn't supposed to be because his finger was close to the food. It was a good experience. Good food, but I didn't see any chicken on the menu, maybe i just flipped the pages too fast.
I came in with a group of 8 for the first time on a weekday. It gets really busy immediately after it opens, so you want to get here a little bit beforehand. We were seated quickly.  We ordered a variety of food, including lechon kawali, garlic rice, palabok, and the specials. The food was really good. It reminded me of home and was heaven in my mouth. The lechon kawali was perfectly crunchy. The palabok was nicely sauced. The entrees cost more than other smaller Filipino restaurants, but I think it's worth it.  The decor of this place is modern and I really like it. It looks clean and well organized. There are also dividers, which I'm assuming can be used for private parties.  The service was okay; it could've been better. The waiter got one of the specials wrong, but it was no biggie.  I recommend Max's, especially to those that want to try Filipino food for the first time.
Was really excited to eat at Max's after a very long time but the wait, the service and the food was not worth it all. Wait time was over an hour, and there were empty tables that needed to be cleaned. The crew lacked teamwork. Mishaps were being discussed by the cashier and the waitress (who was pretending to be busy by wiping down the menus) which could have been discussed later with a superior maybe as an after-action report. Some of the crew were really busy but some were walking around in a daze. We ordered our drinks and our food together but it took a long time for the drinks to come and when they did, they missed a few people's orders in our table of 8. FInally, after what seemed like a long wait, our food came, not at the same time. So because we were starving, whoever got their food first already started eating.  When our food came, it was mediocre. I ordered the crab fried rice  and there were egg shells in it. The sizzling sisig was drowning in oil. The rest of the food was okay, nothing worth mentioning. The only good thing that stood out was the nilaga, which was really tasty.
Saw this new restaurant and decided to give it a try.  On the plus side, since the place is new, it's clean.  I like how the restaurant can be sectioned off for private parties.  I thought that was pretty neat.  Service was pretty quick and the food was tasty.  The only thing keeping this from a 5-star rating was the cost for liquor.  I ordered a Captain Morgan (rum) and Diet Pepsi (no Coke products).  My jaw nearly hit the floor when I saw the charge on the bill...$13.  I'd go here again, but I think I'll stick to beer if I drink.
The restaurant's ambiance is pretty good, the food is ok the negative thing about the restaurant is the service. Service  should be improved, had a party of 20 at the restaurant and the service with my guests were not really up to par for a restaurant. at this price. Some of my guest had complaints that the water wasnt refilled quickly enough.   We will try to revisit and update this review hopefully it will be better than the last time we dined at max.
Filipinos go to great lengths to find the next best Filipino restaurant out there, especially when the restaurant carries the name of one of the oldest chains in the Philippines, but unfortunately this Max's Restaurants fails to impress or sets out to disappoint. I ate there on 2 occasions ever since they opened, the first time was lunch, we thought that there would be a long line, but we were seated immediately, I thought great, we can make it back to work in time, wrong! We only ordered like 3 items and it took them 1 hour to bring it to hour table. We had the famous fried chicken, the skin was indeed crispy but the meat was so dry, you would probably need to double up on your soda order since they don't do refills, so Filipino mentality, tsk tsk tsk. The second time I went there it was a friends party, they had pre-ordered the food ahead of time as to avoid the hunger evoking wait, we had crispy pata, which wasn't that great, the usual chicken, pancit, kare kare, adobo that didn't look appetizing at all, over all the food was edible, at least they had a room that can accommodate large parties and give you some privacy. The service was below par, the server just left her cleaning cart in the room while we were still eating and did not really attend to our needs well, especially when you are charging/expecting a gratuity charge for large parties. The napkins were cut in half, so typically Filipino again. I am proud to be Filipino but Filipino mentality really irks me because hey are we not in America? Overall, will I come back? Only if i am not paying for it. Have the Filipinos finally found their white whale? Sorry you will have to continue searching for the best Filipino restaurant out because Max's is definitely sub standard.
Love the ambiance of the place because for once, there's actually a nice looking Filipino restaurant.   Came here with family which was a party of 11 so they had to split the tables but informed us ahead of time so that was nice. We were seated within maybe 10 mins of waiting so it wasn't that bad. The menu doesn't have very many options which isn't a bad thing but with that, I was expecting a little better quality in the food and was kin of disappointed. Anyways, the waiter took our orders and the food came out pretty fast.   First was this egg drop looking soup with bits of corn, carrots and ham(?) or spam? It was an alright soup. I wasn't impressed by it since it looked like something I could have whipped up easily and maybe even better. But it wasn't bad so I'd give it a 3/5.   Then the main food comes out which was an order of pancit, one whole chicken, kare-kare, and lechon kawali.  Pancit (2/5) - there was a very strong soy sauce flavor yet it wasn't salty. It was really weird but I really didn't like how I could taste this strong cheap soy sauce flavor. And it was also very wet. I'm not used to eating pancit like that and I just didn't think it was great.   Max's whole chicken (4/5) - nice crispy skin, but the chicken was more on the dry side. I wasn't crazy impressed but I did think it was delicious but for the price I think I like my auntys secret recipe chicken much better. It was good just not good enough for me to come back and want more.   Kare-kare (2/5) - meh. It was served in a medium bowl and looked like soup with veggies. There was barely any meat and tons of sauce, soup or whatever you wanna call it. Again, this dish didn't really "wow" me in any way. I just used that excess sauce to pour on top of my rice. The flavor just wasn't there for me.   Lechon kawali (3/5) - I understand that this is deep fried but I was really turned off by the amount of oil that was just sitting on the place. And I usually LOVE lechon kawali but man that was some serious grease fest on that plate that I didn't even wanna touch it. I had like two piece but it was just insanely oily. I wish they would have maybe patted it down or something before serving it on the plate.   The service was really great though. The waiters were fast and constantly checked up on our table. Super friendly. On the other hand, the food wasn't bad but wasn't the best either. I do admit that I enjoyed the chicken the most but I would only come back during family get togethers. I have Filipino pride but Filipino food is just too greasy for me sometimes! :/
I've been to Max's about 10 times, 8 of them being before they even opened up. It's located in the old Lone Star Steakhouse standing alone between an Albertson's and Chevron. You can't miss it.  The interior is very nice, certainly nicer than any Filipino restaurant I've been too. It's fancy like Vegas but not so cause there's no go go dancers. There's lots of seating and a bar.  I did some research before coming and noticed Max's is known for their fried chicken and halo halo. I had the whole fried chicken dinner with two sides, some slaw and fries. The chicken was kind of disappointing. It wasn't meaty, juicy, or crispy. It was tiny for the price but had some good flavors, potential to being good. The slaw and fries were basic nothing special. I'll try the chicken again just cause it's what they're banking on plus it was their 1st day.  The halo halo was good then again can you really screws up halo halo. For those who haven't had halo halo it's a cold dessert made up of shaved ice, evaporated milk, various beans, fruits, and fruit preserves. Sometimes there's ube ice cream which Max's does.  They serve other Filipino food at pretty reasonable prices. The customer service is very friendly. Let them make their "special sauce" they get a kick of making it for you. I think it was nothing but banana ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, and something else, it was alright. I'd probably come back.
I have to say that I finally was able to visit Max's. My visit wasn't at all bad- I read all the reviews prior to going, so I was very prepared for the non attentive service by our waitress. Took forever to order, food took a bit to arrive, didn't check on us once, and had to ask for refills as well as our check. Good thing I was with family, we were able to visit.  Now as for the food, I ordered the basics, (5 of us) pancit canton, pork adobo, bistek, lechon, 1/2 fried chicken, and of course the large bowl of rice! Everything was delicious. I ate so much that I still can't breathe. As long as you don't expect great service, the food won't be disappointing, taste just like home. Enjoy!
This place is a joke. It's NOTHING like the actual Max's in the Philippines or even the other ones here in the US. The service, the attitude, the quality of food and the prices are absolutely dreadful and pathetic. This particular branch is an embarrassment to the franchise. My family, friends and I, are fans of the brand. If you want to find out the hard way, to actually waste your money to dine here, be my guest. I guarantee that you will be extremely disappointed. I'm surprised that this place is still open. I'll give it a few more months. Who are the clowns running this place? Seriously! There are so many other Filipino restaurants in town, that would have far more better service, a positive attitude, a much more enjoyable and edible food, for the right price! My advice, don't waste your money here. I'm not a hater, I just take my food very seriously, especially when I have to spend my hard earned money. Definitely not at this establishment, ever. (That one star is the lowest. I wish I could've given them no star at all. They don't deserve it!)
Max's restaurant has very nice appeal to customers also including me, But the service not so great :/. The service was okay but needs to be improved. The lady at the counter when we first walked in was pretty much rude. She almost had a outside voice and just shouted at us to sit down. Plus they don't have enough tables and chairs so i think they might need to renovate. We pretty much waited for probably about 20 minutes to just get a table and maybe and extra 15 minutes to get our food ready. They need to speed up. Don't be a slowpoke actually speedwalk atleast instead of walking like you just hiked a huge mountain or ran a 5k marathon. Plus when my mom order her pancit and sisig her sisig had 2 pieces of scotch tape in it. When she showed it to the manager the manager decided to make half of our meals $7.00 off. I would say Max's is not a restaurant i would often go to but i would say it is okay.
Honestly liked the service.... Everyone was very nice... Ambiance is great. Food was good. The rating here in Yelp made me feel reluctant at first but I am truly satisfied with the service. Disregard the negative comments and give it a try...  Otherwise   Whats annoying are those feeling "stateside" people who are obnoxious and close minded. It's not like I eavesdrop but the loud gossipers kill my mood sometimes.
Thought I'd give Max Fried Chicken a try again.  I was there in November 2013 when they first opened and was sorely disappointed with the chicken.  it was almost tasteless.  Last night, we ordered the chicken, bulalo, garlic fried rice, and lechon kawali.  ALL of them were not up to par.  What a waste of my $$.  Max Las Vegas is very much aware of people's complaints of their flavourless chcken and, yet, they have not improved.  The bulalo was mostly broth.  We had two pieces of fat, a bit of meat, about 3 strips of cabbage and 2 corn on the cob.  I was expecting much more for $17.95.  The lechon kawali was not fresh at all.  The meat was dark and tough.  The garlic fried rice was just okay.  There was absolutely nothing special about it.    I have to say that our waiter, Gilbert, was AWESOME.  He was most attentive and very knowledgeable of their food items.  Kudos to him - just not the food.  I don't think I will be going back to Max'.
Really good food and great service! Definitely order chicken, add in some kare kare and fried lumpiang ubod (suggested by my mister) topped with the ubod sauce! Yum! Staff is really nice, very polite and always has a smile on their face.
Im writing this review as I am walking out of this POOR service restaurant. I got seated at 4:35pm and there was about 6 waiters working, and waited for at least 10 minutes for service. We were ignored during that time, then decided to walk out of the restaurant. Neither of the waiters had asked what we wanted to drink nor if we were ready to order. We then went to Goldilocks where we got great service from time we got seated.
Visited Vegas and went to Max's. Except for their chicken, everything else was bland.  Service at both visits were not up to par.  You get seated right away but it took 15 minutes before they took our drink orders.  When we tried to put in our food order the same time as drinks, the waiter told us we need to wait.
Food was Amazing, was not a big fan of the fried rice with crab but everything else was absolutely amazing. Next time I am there I will have to try the hola hola
I feel bad because this is my first bad review, but the food here wasn't good at all. I don't know what it was supposed to taste like. It was my first time experimenting with food from the Philippines, but let's just say I'm scared for life.
Came today and try this new resto. Iam full pinoy and my standard of pinoy food is simple and basic: if my grandma and mother can cook better, it should not be served on restuarants.   We ordered 8 things in the menu; Chicken Sinigang na hipon Lechon kawali Nilaga Chicken sisig Pork sisig Pancit miki bihon  Laing  In this 8 items only the laing is what my mom and grandma dont cook. Anyways lets start with the good, the chicken. Its one of the best crunchy and flavored chicken we had in restuarants, my mom agreed its good, and I liked it too.  Unfortunately thats where the good things stops. The other 6 items (excluding laing which was okay regarding to my family, i have no taste for it.) So for the bland foods are the following; pancit and nilaga. It was so bland i have to use 1 spoon full of condiments to make them taste anything. The nilaga was served cold too. Next the super salty are the following; kawali, pork sisig, chicken sisig, all of this items have strong salty taste, too salty that we were not able to eat them all. Next the last one the hipon na sinigang, they got the "asim" part but they did not catch other flavor than that. This sinigang is missing that unique sinigang flavor.  In the end i only was able to enjoy my plate due to the chicken that was really good. When i was over i had a full bowl of the soups (untouched) pancit on the side which i tasted only once, the sisigs were just next to my pancit and the other stuff making my entire plate half full.   Oh i would like to add it took the service to come in 35 minutes. I finished the freaking 1 episode of a tv series before they come all together. Which i think is the reason why our soups were cold, if iam not wrong it means that the soups were sitting on the counter but they were waiting for all the foods to be finishes before serving them.   In the end Max didnt deliver the filipino food that i expected. Back home they are known for the chicken, i guess they should only stick with that. Their are better less known restaurants for real flavored, well served, authentic filipino cuisine around.
Horrible service! Asked for asparagus to be added to a tofu dish. Had to repeat it several times to the waiter, he then went to the kitchen to "ask"  When he returned 10 minutes later he said it was to large of a portion for us. We told he we didn't care and to charge us for the asparagus it's fine. 10 more minutes passed and a cook from the kitchen came to our table and informed us the manager would not allow the kitchen to put asparagus with the tofu? Twilight zone, possibly worst service I've had in my life.
Went here Monday to give it a try. First and last time here. Service was great but food was just bad. The pancit was horrible, it had so much soy sauce. The beef steak has so much fat and was chewy. The place is very nice and clean but that's about it.
We had an amazing experience here on April 6, 2014. We came for late lunch, about 3pm. The restaurant was very clean, beautifully decorated, and the ambiance was so nice!   Collette was our server and she was so accommodating and helpful! We had never had Filipino food in a restaurant setting, and she was really helpful in making choices, and also in making sure that everything our kids ordered was GLUTEN SAFE. Both of our kids have Celiac Disease, and so many restaurants either don't understand, or don't care about those with food allergies. Max's staff was both knowledgeable and caring! My kids did NOT get sick!  We Had Pancit Bihon, Pancit Canton, Crab Fried Rice, Whole Chicken Meal, Half Chicken Meal and Halo-halo for dessert.  DELICIOUS!!!!  It was also my daughter's birthday, and the staff sang to her and gave her a complimentary dessert. Very sweet.   Thank you Max's Las Vegas for a wonderful experience! We will be back!!
I had ordered a to-go this afternoon (for my dinner at home). SO disappointed. I didn't liked it. I felt as if I'm gonna have a heart attack after! TOO OILY. I think I've tasted the oil more than the chicken. Ughhh!!! (2-thumbs down). Nothing can beat the ORIGINAL Max's in Sct. Tuason. Franchises in the states (SoCal & Las Vegas) have failed this taste test.
Decent food, nothing spectacular but the chicken and crispy pata were the highlight of our meal. I decided to give this restaurant 4 stars because the service was great. Our waiter Lloyd went above and beyond catering to our needs. Had a great sense of humor too !
Jaki, the manager attended to us today April 12 and she was extremely efficient.Food was excellent, we ordered kare-kare even better than in Max Manila, bulalo soup was delicious and all we ordered like crispy pata,lechon kawali,lumpiang sariwa, and the Max fried chicken was all VERY good. The desserts were divine!!! I give it a 10/10 score for good food and service. It is reasonably priced for that excellent food. Thank you Jaki! Edith Pingol
Excellent service.  As a vegetarian who is allergic to shellfish I was concerned when I saw the menu had a great deal of shellfish.  The server recommended the asparagus and tofu dish and it was delicious.  If you like garlic, I suggest the jasmine rice...super yummy!  Also, they have the best sweet potato fries...they add a dash of cinnamon!
The service here is impeccable! Everyone was so nice! The food was good also, it wasn't amazing but it definitely was a hit for me. I also liked the vibe when I came to the restaurant the people we're welcoming. I wouldn't mind coming back here whenever I'm around the area.
Was very excited when my husband and I heard about Max's opening a restaurant in Las Vegas....woohoo!!! We frequent the Glendale location and wanted to see if this new store measured up to the one in Glendale. We were pleasantly surprised with the ambiance (sosyal,) love the feel of the place. We went in for merienda so that meant fresh lumpia, palabok, halo-halo, and squeezed in their famous chicken. I have to say "they've got the best chicken!!!" The halo-halo is to die for (love the little umbrella.) Service was fast and friendly. Our server was on top of everything, we didn't have to look for him to refill our drinks. Von checked on us frequently and made sure we had a pleasant meal. While walking in the door we said "Let's see if this place is as good as Glendale." Leaving we thought to ourselves "This is the new standard!" The kitchen, servers, and management are on point. These guys are in the ZONE. Will definitely be back soon for the chicken and awesome service. Keep up the good work!!!
We came by for dinner and from the beginning,  the front host was rude and did not sit us the area we want it. Then waiters took a long time to even ask us what drinks we wanted., maybe because the basketball game was on! Some of food was cold and other very salty, drinks very expensive for the side and service was terrible. Overall, below average since place look semi clean.
When I found out this place was opening in Vegas, I was pretty thrilled. Being Filipino, you HAVE to know what Max's Chicken is! If you don't than you need to change your ethnicity! Lol ¯\_(ツ)_/¯   I've had Max's Chicken in California but today was the first time I had it in Vegas. This place is pretty spiffy! The inside is really nice. Big broad windows, individual rooms for large parties, very spacious! I'm very impressed with the layout especially in that part of town.   For food-- we had ordered: fried chicken (duh), Kare Kare, Sisig, Sizzling Tofu, caldereta, and Sinigang. All were pretty good. They are known for the chicken so I had no complaints about it especially if you dip it in banana ketchup! Yum! Other foods, I've honestly had better. The sizzling tofu was probably the only thing I would come back & order again. It had a good kick to it & the sauce they served it with was awesome. The Sisig didn't taste like any kind I have ever had. Kare Kare was alright, had better.   Also, the soda they served us was flat. Even told them it was, they brought another round of soda.. Which was also flat. Took forever to get a round of water for everyone. My glass of water was empty for a while before someone noticed and filled it.   They don't include gratuity on the bill even with large parties which I thought was different but they do show what you SHOULD tip at the bottom of the receipt.
Well executed crispy pata -fast service-the milkfish was very tasty. Clean and prompt.  We will be back!
I ordered Maxs Fiesta Plate. It came with quarter leg and fresh veggie lumpia. The chicken here was pretty juicy. The skin was nice and crispy. Also ordered the sweet potatoe fries. They add sugar instead of salt for seasoning. All in all it was pretty good. The chicken couldve had a little bit more flavor but I still enjoyed it.
Stopped here on Saturday for lunch to-go during Memorial weekend. Ordered a combo meal and a regular bangus sinigang. The staff was extremely nice and made sure to keep me updated on how much longer my order was going to take. I was sitting in the waiting area and during the wait, at least 3 different employees came up to me to make sure I had been taken care of. Excellent service! Food came out right around the promised time and everyhing was delicious! Wish they had a location in Orange County, CA too!!! Highly recommend!
This was my 2nd time going there. And both times there was a long wait. And we went at a decent time 8:00pm. They seem really busy no matter what time you go though. Took them at least 20-30 minutes before they can seat us. I asked to just be seated at the bar since I was so hungry I couldn't wait any longer.  So we get seated at the bar and our server comes up to us and asks us what we would like to order. I looked at him with a blank stare and said maybe I can order if I had the menu to look at. So he grabbed us menus and didn't come back to us until like 15 minutes later. I was already losing my patience. So 15 minutes later he comes to our table and takes our order. We ordered the kare kare and lechon kawali sisig.  I was surprised that the order came out at a decent time. But the food was OMG delicious! Took me back to when I was younger and living with mom. She always would cook Filipino food. We ate all of the kare kare it was a good serving for at least 2 people. The sisig was good too but I was more focused on the kare kare. lol.  Our server came back to us and asked if we would like to order dessert. We ordered a halo halo to go and a sago at gulaman. I didn't taste the halo halo because we gave it to my gfs grandma but the sago at gulaman was really good. Not too sweet but not too bland. I wished they put more ice though.  But overall the food is delicious. But just be prepared for the wait and the 'ok' service.
Oh man... let me just say that the food we had here was delicious. The service was lacking. That's putting it lightly.  I mean,  they weren't rude. Just S L O W...  We came here for my Dad's birthday. They were not busy at all and it looked like they had more than enough staff and empty tables to accommodate the 5 groups of people waiting for a table (including our party of 6).  We waited about 25 minutes. Not too bad you would think, but when you see the staff just standing around and empty tables you'd think they could sit you right away, but no. There were also several tables not bussed the whole time we were at the restaurant.   When we finally were seated, we pretty much knew what we were going to order because we looked at the menu while we were waiting for our table. We had the pork sinigang,  lechon kawali,  pancit canton,  daing na bangus,  Max's chicken, large garlic fried rice and small steamed rice. We just ate family style. Everything we had was cooked well and really delicious. My only complaint about that was that the dipping sauce for the lechon kawali was ice cold.   Now the service. It took us maybe 15 minutes or so before someone came to take our drink order and since we were already aware of the mediocre service we ordered our food as well. We didn't want to wait another 15 minutes to order. 30 minutes later we finally received our food. The kitchen looked busy, but there were maybe 4-5 other tables in the restaurant besides ours. I don't know why it would take that long for our food.   For dessert I got a buko pandan which I order at their restaurant when I'm in Oahu and my mom got halo halo to share with everyone.  The buko pandan didn't taste the same as the other restaurant in Oahu and wasn't the same green color. It looked really light. It wasn't as coconut tasting as expected. The halo halo was huge and my parents thought it was decent tasting.   I wish they the service was better because I would go back, but I would rather not have to deal with the slow service. I really like the food here, but it's not worth my time.  Oh and by the way, the tables that had not been bussed when we arrived were still sitting there still not bussed when we left.  I don't think I'll be back unless they fix the service issue.
Great food. authentic filipino food. Will recommend Nilagang baka, Lumpiang Shanghai and crispy pata. Lumpiang ubod was fresh and really good too. Service here is also exellent and fast. Awesome service by Rocky and gilbert. Rocky was always attentive and was always smiling and always asking if we need anything. Both rocky and gilbert thank you for providing us with an awesome service and made our experience here a definitely 5 star service!
Awesome place.... took my family there last night for my sisters birthday. Customer service was great and the food was even better.  Recommend this place to everyone,  they have the best chicken in town...  The prices are very reasonable for the quality you are getting.
I'm so tempted to bring it down to a two-star review.. However, their chicken is crunchy goodness and finger-lickin' good!   But this review goes to my waitress, Colette.  Sweet and accommodating; she made me feel really comfortable when the other items on the "Max's Platter" did not.   So according to the previous sentence, I ordered the the Max's Platter.   1.  Chicken:  actually more like a  2. Rice: actually very surprisingly good amount. Some restaurants skimp out on the rice knowing that their Asian audience will order more. But Max's takes care of you with that.  3. Pancit: salty and mine came out cold. Like that's just gross.  4. Random orange 5. Random packaged caramel bar. No thanks, I don't want to eat something wrapped in plastic on my plate.   Okay, so, Colette.  I told her that my pancit was cold. And she replaced it without hesitation. I guess everyone else is on the sucky side here, and I lucked out! She checked on my food after it was replaced and told me to let her know if it wasn't to my satisfaction. Which it kind of wasn't because it was salty but that's okay I was full anyway.   So two things. Chicken (with the Jufran) & Colette.   Have a nice Thursday, reader.
First Filipino restaurant I have ever been too. Great service, very accommodate-able! The egg rolls or the filipino rolls as an appetizer are the absolutely best ones I have ever tasted. Very good and the sauce was just right as well. We tried two noodle dishes, one was the rice noodles and the other was like lo mien. They both were fabulous along with the speciality which is the chicken. It was some of the best chicken I had ever tasted, very juicy and flavorful. We shared it all and that is what I would recommend. If we are ever near these parts of Vegas we will go again! ENJOY!!!
Wow!!!!!  This place is Amazing !!!! My fiancé and I were looking for a great place to have Filipino food while on vacation in Las Vegas.  Read many reviews and decided to try Max .  Upon arriving we were quickly greeted by Will and got a great table. Will was very knowledgable of all the great menu items and assisted us in a very friendly and caring manor.  The lumpia appetizers were so yummy.  Will got our drinks and appetizers out Super Fast !!!! The Crab Fried rice is to die for ... Amazing delicious !!!! Had Luchon  Kawali. And was the best I have ever eaten !!!! My fiancé had Pansit be hon and she said it was amazing as well.   The portions are huge and enough for 3 people !!!! The restaurant was very clean and neat.  Bathrooms spotless.. I will most definitely be back and I hope Will will be here to take care of us again !!!!! Loved it !!!!   David M Cole.  From Houston TX
I visited my family in Las Vegas and been wanting to try this restaurant because my sister has been raving about it. We usually don't like any Filipino restaurants bc we always think our mom can make it at home way better. I was happy about this restaurant, service was great and fast and most importantly, the food was great (still not comparable to mom's)! We ordered the crab fried rice and it was a simple dish - typical fried rice topped with a crab omelette meant to mixes with rice. We also ordered the sinigang na hipon which is also good but could've been more sour. We also ordered the karekare with bagoong and it's one of my favorite entrees. My two most favorite that we ordered was the pritong bangus and the pork sisig!! The fish was cooked right and it has a citrusy flavor to it and the best best one -- the sisig! It came in a sizzling plate with lemon wedges and it was crunchy in the bottom with right amount of onions and jalapeños, it was so good I'm dreaming about it now. For the dessert, we of course ordered the halo-halo. It was what I expected, toppings, milky shaved ice and the ube ice cream but it was yummy and we finished it too after we are everything else! This is a great meeting place for my family and I; will definitely go back when I'm in town again.
First time here for dinner and we actually came back the next day for breakfast with friends.   Customer service was great.
Usually go to Las Vegas every year and frequent the Filipino restaurants, but an old town friend told me that Max's was here. Did not register that this was the MAX's restaurant originally from the Philippines or the same one in Honolulu, Hawaii! Brand new restaurant. Service was great. We went at 6:00 pm - ish. For me, adobo was so good! Extra is the garlic rice, but still, it was SO good, I went back AGAIN by myself and ate at the bar. I finished the WHOLE thing and I was full. So good. I am glad that this restaurant is here and the outside lit sign says "Cuisine of the Philippines". It was nice to see some Caucasians in the restaurant (with no Filipinos with them). It seemed like they were enjoying the food also. Big families, big tables, nice atmosphere. Waiters seemed always wanting to please. I spoke to the hostess and said I hoped the restaurant was doing well, and she said it was!
Their combo meals suck you, don't have a choice what you want in it. Also their chicken adobo sucks. If their chicken is their specialty then why does the chicken adobo taste different from the sauce which also sucks.
Haven't been to a Max Fried Chicken in a long time.  This one is clean with a semi-quiet ambience.  I don't see why the chicken is special. The rest of the food,  nilagang baka, kare-kare, fried rice, crispy pata, was real tasty.  Service was average.  Our waiter was quiet. Receptive to our needs.
The place was ok. We waited for 30 mins to get a table. Not sure if our party of 11 was the cause of this. Anyways, we finally get seated and our waiter takes our orders. He was a pretty a good waiter. Told us everything we wanted to know. For the food, it was ok. The thing that bothered me the most was my niece's plate. She ordered a spaghetti (kid's plate) and she started to dig in and notice a noodle that wasn't really a noodle, it was a WIRE!!!! We were all shocked because she could of ate that thing and would of got really hurt. We told our waiter and he was more shocked than we were. He returned the plate and brought a new one with 2 of those dessert bars. My niece was still shaken up and really hesitant to eat.
The last time I ate at Max's was for my sister's graduation back in the Philippines. It's been a while, but my palate have a very good memory. I was so excited to try this place out because it was one of my favorite chain restaurant back home, so I coerced my dad to go here with me after we did some grocery shopping over at Seafood City; We both were highly disappointed with this place. It's nothing like the Max's back home. Ok, maybe their chicken was good but that's about it. We ordered sisig, which turned out to be mediocre, had some lumpiang ubod which tasted fake, and their pancit bihon and the spaghetti that came with my daughter's kid's meal tasted like how instant ramen noodles taste like; My daughter pushed her plate away and said it was yucky and tasted like goop and paste. And the server we had wasn't good as well. I work in the restaurant industry and I always feel bad giving bad tips to servers but I barely wanted to give our server a tip. He was rushing us with our food, was talking to us condescendingly, and was rude and gave us bad attitude when my daughter accidentally spilled her drink on the table, and let me cleaned up after her without even offering me extra napkins or towels to wipe it up. All this happened while the restaurant was almost empty. I'm really disappointed. Hopefully they train their staff better and do something about their food.
I went here twice first time we ordered max's chicken which was good, kare kare- all soup no meat and bland, palabok- also bland, calamari -its fried so it was good and garlic fried rice- ok. Not the best food I've had and thought I should try it again, maybe itll be better. Tried for the second time, ordered sinigang, sisig, max chicken. Well it was all terrible except for the chicken. Sisig was soggy, sinigang was tasteless. The service as usually in this place was horrible and very rude. People here are not accommodating and act oblivious to everything wrong with the place.
One of my top favorite Filipino Restaurants in Vegas. Must try the Max's Chicken, Dry Adobo and everything else on their menu! Soon they will be open late nights with drink specials and  meal deals. The atmosphere is nice and the entire staff are much nicer and respectful... You can definitely feel the "Filipino Hospitality" when you dine here!
We were seated right away with a friendly hostess. Our server was friendly and courteous. Didn't wait long at all for our orders. Food was fantastic. I ordered the sizzling beef Kaldereta and garlic rice. My mom ordered her favorite vegetable dish, Laing. She gave it her approval, 2 thumbs up. My son ordered max's platter which came with fried chicken and bihon pancit. And we ordered their famous Lumpia shanghai which was great!! Can't find good lumpia her in vegas.... Looks like I've found a Filipino restaurant here in Vegas. I'm very picky when it comes to Filipino food and I could not find a decent Filipino restaurant, now I have!
Food Is typical Max's. Some dishes are great while others are just okay. Staff Is friendly. Establishment Is clean.
First impression: very nice dining tables and photos from the flyer seemed appetizing so I decided to give this place a try.  The wait for food was a little long but its because the chef prefers fresh food. It was worth the wait for the sinigang, sisig, and  pancit canton order. All dishes were very tasty.  The sinigang had nice big pieces of pork and okra which  was a new thing for me to see but tasted good. The broth had the right flavor of tamarind and they have fish sauce for those who prefer that in their soup.  The sisig was not the traditional look either..it was dark almost like dinuguan. I was scared to try it but was surprised how tasty it was!! yummy crunches of pork and onion served with rice and I was a happy girl.   The pancit canton had lots of veggies and was a little on the sweet side so it reminded me very much of chinese lo mein.   I would definitely come back and try their other dishes.
Clean,friendly staff, nice selection of Asian foods....as a whole review for a new place,, great begining and can only get better ... Congratulations to Rays...
I have to say, I'm rather impressed. Took my boyfriend in to try this place. We were the only ones in, since it was later in the evening, but the service was really nice and the food was pretty good.   We had the spring rolls, kare-kare and the BBQ ribs. The only thing I had to get used to again, was that Filipino dishes tend to have fattier cuts of meat.   While not in the best neighborhood, I really hope this restaurant succeeds. I'll definitely be returning to try some of their other dishes.
Last day in Vegas and we suddenly craved for Filipino food. I asked a local Filipino for a recommendation, and he starts raving about this place. So off we went...  The drive was very quick and there were tons of parking spots available, great! ( we do not have this luxury in NJ and NY). We were greeted by the server and was offered a table right away.   We started with the Lumpiang Shanghai which we were told was a house specialty. True enough, the taste was better than the ones I had before. For our main dishes, the Sizzling Sisig's crunch and taste was awesomely delish, the Sinigang na Baboy's broth was perfectly sour and the vegetables used were very fresh, the Pork BBQ was so good we ordered another one! Yum! The biggest hit of the night, the Kare Kare, served with tender beef chunks and tripe. What's great about it is it ain't greasy at all. We really enjoyed the dish!  Living in Jersey City, i have tried all the restaurants serving this in the area and Manhattan, almost all do it on the oily side. Kudos to the chef!   Aside from the great food, the generous servings was also impressive. A dish was good for 3 -4 people to share and the price was very very affordable!   The owner, who was very  friendly and accommodating, told us that they were only a month old. Everything was so perfect it felt like they have been open for years.
This is not your usual run of the mill type of Filipino resto... The food is fantastic and well prepared and truly your money's worth! I highly recommend you try Ray's you won't regret it. Kudos to the chef and staff!
So my lovely aunt and I have our weekly lunch outings and she always takes me to  places i never heard of. To top it off  she takes me to places that are in the hood. As I was driving there i was thinking " ummm aunty where are we going im scuuuuured"?! Anyways my rambling has nothing to do with the review..   So I surveyed the scene.. It located in an old shopping plaza.. don't be scured cause looks can be so deceiving..  Place looks pretty clean. This is a hole in the wall establishment. So course the food is good!  We ordered the Asian BBQ ribs which comes with garlic rice. I must admit it's the best damn ribs that i have had here in Las Vegas! The meat itself was not rubbery and chewy like in some BBQ places like Lucille's or Dave's , the meat was perfect, along with the seasoning. I was licking that bone like i was a dog!!  Another dish we ordered was the Beef Tagalog with onions. This dish is really good as well, it comes with rice and again the meat was perfect. The texture was really tender and juicy just like the ribs,.  We spoke to the owner ray, he will soon bring lasagna into the menu. So it wont be Asian for long maybe it will be a Fusion type thing..   This place has just opened. Heck! I'm going back to order the RIBS! According to the staff people order this on their way home from work for take out order.  Try this place now and order the Asian BBQ Ribs you will not be disappointed!
Is this place still in business? Called all week no answer, went to location and it was closed?
Awesome food! Everyone should come and try it!
LOVED THIS PLACE!!!! I went here with my girlfriend of mine for a party. I am not Filipino so I cannot tell you the exact names of what I ate but I can tell you everything in this place was fabulous! Can't go wrong here!   We had two different fish dishes that were great with sauce on the side with little green onions in it yummy! We ate the ribs, my favorite so great... we had the chicken which is seasoned to perfection. We had appetizers... I know that there were the mussels with the garlic sauce that dissapeared off the table so fast- just like a magic act in Vegas just delicious. We also had these fried apps that had crab in them...OMG those were so good- like I said I am not Filipino so I am at a loss for the name of that one but it was GREAT. There was sooo much food I was so surprised..  The staff was awesome, friendly and treat you just like family- smiling and always there to offer you more of whatever is not on the table. I will be going back the next time I am in Vegas even if it just to find out what those apps with the crab were..  Thank you to the staff and owners, Bing & Ray, for a fabulous night and a great party I really enjoyed myself. I hope your place really takes off. Best of luck!
Good people! Good food! Very good price! With a bonus of fast service! Banana tempura is a must try.
Great food , Great  service and Great people. Yummy!!
This is great i got the roasted pork lechon belly omg delicous.. Amazing... So happy its right across the street
I paid over $2.50 for an order of taho. It was served in a small to go container, not a drink container. I placed the contents in a measuring cup and it was barely 6 oz. The worst part is on our first visit, they used a drink container. No wonder the place was empty. No offering of any kind of excuse. Terrible and NEVER AGAIN will I go there.
Can't get any better than their comfort foods from back home! I support all Filipinos making it big in Vegas!
This is a great place to showcase filipino food which is the next big thing.. Customer service is awesome the lady of the house is Era she makes sure that everything is to your liking.. She is very hospitable you'll feel like you are in a filipino home. The chef is very likeable and courteous he takes time to say hello to people when he is not busy. He worked in one of the biggest hotel here in Las vegas.. The food is excellent. It is affordable and the place is always clean.. I love the pork belly,mami and siopao.
Prepared to be wowed when your plates of these Filipino dishes are set in front of you. I wasn't expecting my simple entree order of bbq beef skewers with garlic Java rice to come so nicely plated on a banana leaf. It also included a little side of papaya relish (Atsara). And the prices are insanely low for these dishes taken to another level. The elderly lady I held the door for as she went out looked at me and nodded and said Ma Sarap!! That's  good stamp of approval right there! She was right! My meal was really good!   New Owners!  The former bbq  place Full House BBQ has been transformed! It's now Full House BBQ...House of Manila Cuisine. Yes Filipino food with some bbq items thrown in!  Chef Alex and his team is behind all the cooking. He held the executive chef position over at Golden Nugget, but now this is his place along with the new cowners a family who moved here from the PI couple months ago. It's limited menu for now but what they offer tasted awesome! Location Smiths Shopping Center corner of Maryland/Silverardo. Your visual cue Cici's Pizza..Tokyo Discount. It's right between those two places.    Along with my entree, I also ordered:  Siopao: (aka steamed pork buns, Manapua) is one of their featured items and made in house!  Breading just  fluffy enough to hold the filling. It's steaming hot when you cut into it, so becareful! The filling is packed with diced bbq pork asado mixed with a sweet hoisin sauce and they give you a little cup of hoisin sauce on the side for dipping too. This really could be a meal itself or a midday snack it's that filling.   Lumpiang Sariwa: The Lumpia appetizier I ordered  was more like a crepe with fresh wrapper filled with fresh sliced veggies! Loved this! It was topped with diced peanuts and garlic with some type of sweet sauce on the bottom. Hecka good!    Mami:  Another specialty of this restaurant and it's advertised as "create your own soup"  ..Choose a Noodle [thin wonton/rice noodle/wide egg noodle] Choose Your Topping [shrimp&pork wonton/soy chicken/beef stew/meatballs/fishballs] one topping sets you back $4.99! I requested an hard boiled egg to add to mine too. That's my creation ;)  Warning: It comes in a BIG bowl! The broth was flavorful and the noodles were al dente.  The way I like my Mami!   Turon: It's glazed w/ jackfruit and brown sugar and filled with sweet banana (Turon) and pieces of jackfruit.   Everyone was really friendly, my order(s) came out in a timely manner.For being a new place, it sure was fairly busy! The dining area felt spacious, says it seats 45 ...just go up to counter and they'll seat you if you are dining in.  Or you can order take out too.  Ambiance - felt more hip with the modern interior with clean lines. Even the dishes used are nicer quality.  They are adding more items to the menu. Kare Kare is one of them.   So of course Im giving this place 5 stars right off the bat.  Everything is cooked to order. That alone is a big plus for me.  Also you will surely get more than your monies worth here and leave with a full and happy belly!
Awesome food, very good service and nice restaurant. I left very satisfied. Will definitely be back.
This is a great place to take your family for delicious and different from the norm food. Excellent appetizers pared with one or two entrees will feed a family of four and the prices are less than any comparable place.   Siopao's aren't on the regular menu but they've got em.   Recommend the roasted chicken meal for kids if they aren't keen on varied flavors.   Our service was prompt and the appetizers came quickly. Lots of people here today for lunch. Our previous visit was a to go order that was filled in approx 10 minutes. So it seems to me that the service here is reasonably quick. Nice place.  The restrooms were clean and nice with a coat rack even.
Was just okay bbq was kinda bland and undercooked chicken inasal was good but portions are very small also got fresh lumpia not as good as goldilocks wud come back here maybe to try their mami n siopao as a snack but if your looking for a meal your better of at other point point joints, when we left this place we were still hungry.
Considering how most other Filipino restaurants are, this one is a notch above. Unlike most local Filipino places, the food isn't in heated trays, and instead you order off a menu, and your food is freshly cooked. The decor of the restaurant is simple and pleasing to the eye, and very presentable (also unlike most Filipino restaurants). The menu is good, but it should be noted that the menu isn't Fil-am, but more traditional Filipino.  Not a down point, or an up point, just a point. We had the Tokwa at Baboy, Arroz Caldo, Chicken Mami, and Inasal, and they were all good, and of a very good portion. I actually want to go back sometime to go try their 1/2 lb siopao.
First off we were greeted by female owner (I think). She's very friendly and was super excited to describe her menu to us. She pointed out the apps and what they were. She recommend the shanghai lumping which were VERY good. We decided on the arroz Caldo porridge and my husband loved it. The lechon was YUMMY!! The sauce was fantastic! We also ordered the pancit Palabok. All of which came out on banana leaves! Very good and very reasonably priced!! We would definitely come back.
Highly recommended Filipino food restaurant! Food is good and fresh. Family owned and the cook is very friendly.
One of a kind filipino restaurant. I love that they focus on barbecue food and not like other normal filipino restaurants that offer everything and you get confused what to order. Also refreshing to see that they don't just show TFC.   We had fish balls for appetizer, chicken, pork, beef barbecue, pork belly, pansit palabok and bangus. Everything was really tasty!   Unlimited sago gulaman definitely a plus!  Our server Kyn was super adorable and helpful. Loved how jolly he was and passionate at what he does. The owner and staff were all genuinely nice, friendly, and everyone had great customer service.   Will be coming back to try the others on the menu specially the beef mami and boodle boat. Can't wait!
Verdict: Good Filipino food, definitely not overly oily like other places around town and good service as well. I left wishing there was a little bit more to the menu though.   The fish balls, pork belly, BBQ chicken skewers, fried tofu with pork and spiced vinegar, and java rice were simply amazing. Rich in flavor, moist and juicy, with very little oil and perfectly cooked--I'll be back especially for these dishes!
Excellent customer service when you first walk in. Immediately greeted by the workers. The food is pretty awesome. We ordered the veggie lumpia, sisig , beef steak, and the lechon belly! Super yummy! I would DEFINETELY go back! Prices are very affordable for the quality!
This is actually my second visit to this place and so far, this by far is my favorite spot for local Filipino food! And its only a block away from my house!! Wooohoooo!  Lumpiang sariwa is on point!  The flavor,  texture of the wrap is hands down the best I've had. Roasted pork belly ( lechon kawali.)  I have to say, it's better than the ones I've had in this town which carries so many Filipino restaurants that are over priced yet, this place delivers with every damn bite!  Located just 1/4 mile off of Silverado ranch and Maryland parkway...  I will for sure be back for sure,  most likely on my days off...
Recently just dined here with my mom. The food was really good for a good price. My mom is from the Philippines and says it's just like home. The food wasn't fatty and oily. It was a very clean and sanitary place with a friendly staff. I would highly recommend this Filipino restaurant. Good food. Good prices. Good people. Why wouldn't you go here?
Amazing. My first time here i was greeted by a nice lady who appeared to be the owner. She explained the menu to me perfectly. I dare you to find a nicer person to represent your business. I ordered the pork belly (7.99) and the beef skewer. The pork belly was insanely good. Came with a perfect sauce and she included this vinegar spicy garlic sauce that was incredible. Finally, an authentic filipino place delivering perfect food at perfect prices. We need to make this place successful so they never leave.
I was really surprised this place opened up in my area of LV.  I was having an Asian food craving (as i always do) and was heading to the Thai restaurant that is in the same plaza. As i turned in I saw the bright red decor and the sign Full House BBQ. I slowly passed and I saw Filipino food names and I immediately got excited.  I do feel that Filipino American cuisine is the late comer in the Asian American food culture--but hey at least it is here and it will only get better.  So first I walked in a was greeted by the titas that work there. I was seated and looked at the menu. I was really impressed as I saw childhood favorites such as tokwat baboy, palabok, pinapaitan, and among other things. This was no Panda Express for Filipino food, this was legit Filipino food served in fine dining style.   I order the tokwat baboy as my starter and the Lechon plate with java rice. Soooo juicey and so good! The baboy (pork) with the Tokwa (tofu) was not chewy, it was tender and well cooked and had the flavors that my dad use to make.  The lechon plate with the java rice was the delicious meal. The pork belly was well cooked and had the "oh-so good" fatty parts that lechon is usually popular for along with the crunchy skin. The java rice have the right garlic flavor to accompany the pork. I also like how the place had the condiments ready on the table where I automatically put the spicy vinegar and chili sauce on my pork belly lechon.  Definitely a fan. I will take my mom here when she visits LV.  I want to try their Mami soups too.
It is very difficult to find delicious and different Filipino food anywhere. Typically they're all the same no matter where you go and they'll just satisfy your Filipino food fix. A co worker of mine told me about this place and it was right in my old neighborhood. I went to check it out before there was any hype and man let me tell you I was blown away. They have a variety of Filipino favorites that we all grew up eating but the way this chef prepared the food was anything but ordinary. I had the Lechon and it was to my delight that the meat to fat ratio was perfect. It was cooked so it was juicy but not too hard to chew. I don't eat atsara but they give you a side of that and I thought that was cool. They also have this yellow rice they call Java rice which was unexpectedly tasty in it's own right. Of course, all of this was served on a plate with a banana leaf, which is the traditional Filipino way to serve food. I would have been happy eating kamayan style like my parents did growing up. I was so impressed by the food the first time I went that I went back later that day to let my girlfriend try it too and she loved it as well. A week later I took my girlfriend and buddy to eat there and he was also blown away by everything they had to offer, including the not-overly sweet sago at gulaman. Everything tasted just right but at the same time exceeded expectations. The staff was also beyond friendly and were attentive to us the whole time. The best part was when the chef himself came out to see how our food was and we paid him our compliments. It was nice to have the person who cooked our food come out and see how it tasted. That is 5-star treatment you find at Michelin rated restaurants. I would highly recommend to any of my friends, Filipino or not, to eat here because it is a great representation of our food and culture. Go check it out!
I don't eat Filipino food often, but this place was great. Very friendly and clean. Prices were good and mostly importantly, the food was yummy. Will be coming back.
This little place is clean & leans to modern appearance/ambiance. I've only tried the Palabok, Fresh Lumpia, Lumpia Shanghai ang BBQ on skewers. I must say in general the flavors are what you expect from traditional Filipino taste. Appreciate the plating and unique style of the Lumpia Shanghai. The menu is quite limited if not inadequate, they do offer noodles but not the common Pancit style. I was also hoping for a grilled fish or shrimp on skewer ! Surprisingly, they use small, cheap shrimp on the Palabok like most Filipino eateries which I think projects skimpiness and degrades the place's image ! This seems to be more of a snack place and so it's understandable ! Lastly, their store name confuses other people ! The Full House BBQ sounds like traditional ribs and briskets with small Manila cuisine underneath in the logo! While dining, some white folks learned that it's not what they're expecting ! Lol !
Great food, good prices and great service.  Couldn't ask for more and happy that my travels bring me to a place that reminds me of my parent's cooking
Probably one of the best quality Filipino restaurants I've had in a while here in Vegas.   I saw that this place was rated very high on Yelp and most importantly was pretty close to where I live.  I first ordered the lumpiang shanghai and when it came out, it didn't look like your average roll that is perfectly cut short into pieces.  They literally had it wrapped as a long roll... It looked different but the taste and quality was good.  They also serve it with this red cocktail type of sauce which again is not what I normally have it with, which is sweet chili sauce, but again it was still good.  My for my entree I had the chicken Inasal with their special rice and it was amazing... Not too dry and slightly flavorful.  I'm also a big dessert person so the fact that they had all my favorite Filipino desserts here was a plus.  I had the taho and turon which were both delicious and satisfying... The balls in the taho were still super hard and chewy, but the quality of the taho was so tasty that I didn't care lol overall I rate this place 5 because of quality, location, and price!
I finally have a chance to put in my review of this place...although I've been here plenty of times since I discovered they were here 3 months ago.  Like what most people say in their reviews...this place is clean!  In a time where a lot of restaurants are receiving bad grades from the Health department...this is VERY important...to me!  I have to say, I probably have had almost everything on the menu and so I was super excited to see that they have added on to their menu.  Since my last meal her was on 2-24-14 in celebration of my mom's birthday, this review will be based on the food that we ate that day.  We ordered the "Boat" (around $69.95) this time because my mom indicated that she wanted to try it.  We were oh so pleasantly surprised when it arrived as we could of probably used at least 3 more people to help us finish the food.  The food was served on a large wooden boat.  The boat was filled with java rice (at least 2lbs.!) and topped with the following items:  -Grilled marinated pork -Large grilled Calamari -Large Grilled Shrimps (5-6) -Mussels (5-6)  Hanging from the boat were 2 deep fried bangus and 1 whole grilled eggplant.  On one side of the boat was a small bowl of white fish ceviche and on the other side was a bowl of diced tomato, onions, salted egg, and pink anchovie paste (somewhat like a Filipino salsa).  Everything was delicious...can't really think of anything I'd change.  My husband and I hope that they will have a half version of this boat for people who dine in small groups as this one can easily feed a group of 6 people.  To top my mom's birthday, the Chef brought out 4 generous desserts for each person (including our 7 year old son).  The dessert consisted of buko pan dan jello with a side of turon.  So yummy...and did I say so generous?!?  This has definitely become one of our local favorite places to dine.
i don't do filipino food that often, so i admittedly don't really know how things are supposed to taste, but i liked everything i've tried the 3 times i've been to full house. service is really friendly, and food comes out pretty quickly. portions are decent and they put more effort into presentation than i'd expect for this price point.   almost all of the rave reviews are from filipino yelpers, so it's safe to say that this place is authentic. it's also new and clean with an open kitchen so you can see what's going on. i'm usually only on this side of town to go shopping, so i like to grab the bbq pork siopao to go - it's basically the same thing as chinese bao or hawaiian manapua. it's a great snack or small meal, but i was really disappointed the last time i got it - they seem to already be cutting back on the quality of their food since this is what i got last time:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VUAxifmXZ1MFy0gUroggqg&userid=dsaj_eA71FvpUh49zzKcGA  vs what i've gotten in the past: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/full-house-bbq-las-vegas-2?select=ws_5xOa3FNtao92QHpGnXg#ws_5xOa3FNtao92QHpGnXg
Been here a few times now, and each time I've had a great experience in the quality of food and service. The taste of the food brought back memories of eating at huge family parties with my relatives when i was younger. The waitresses and the chef are happy and animated. The restaurant looks nice,  VERY clean, and modern looking. If you are looking to eat or try authentic filipino food I would suggest trying this restaurant out!
Came here with all my ate's for a family trip and all of us were craving Filipino food. Looked up this place and decided to come here since it looked promising based off of the reviews. Man, talk about GOOD Filipino food. Felt just like a family get together. We ordered lechon, nilaga, pinakbet, bbq beef, java rice and sago. SO GOOD. The presentation was nice too. Typically Filipino food isn't too flattering at first glance, but this place pulled it off real well. In addition to that, FREE SAGO REFILLS. All in all, this was one of the better Filipino spots we've all been to. Even in the Bay Area where we're from, this place beats most. Nice family style atmosphere, yummy food, great price and friendly service. So if you're traveling Vegas, craving some Filipino food but are too far from home, this place is the place to go! Feels just like home.
Whoa. The 4 and 5 stars here are actually legit.   Took my fam here on a Saturday afternoon. We are greeted warmly and sat down immediately. As I looked around, all the reviews were correct in the fact the place had a very clean look to it and the décor was not overkill. They even have a widescreen showing you programs in regards to the Philippines. From what I noticed, it wasn't TFC or that one other station I cant seem to remember. Anyways, I thought it was kind of cool that they didn't go with your typical TFC drama programs. Im sure they have it but probably wanted to show something different.   Usually I bring up the food next but at this point I want to mention the service. It was awesome! My last Filipino food binge was at Max's. The food there is just as good here at Full House but the service or lack there of at Max's is what is not gonna make me come back there any time soon. From beginning to end, our server was there when we needed him. You know the basic things a customer tends to notice in regards to good service. Max's, take notes on the next paragraph.  As soon as we sat down and got our menus, everything was like clock work. We got our drink orders in. As our server went to get them and came back, we were ready to order. He took our orders and submitted them. After a bit, he came out with our food starting with the appetizer first,  and then the main entrée and sides. While we were eating, he made sure to check on us and refilled our drinks constantly. Now is that too much to ask? No. That is just basic customer service that is sadly not done properly in all restaurants. *Cough, cough* Max's *Cough, cough*  Now for the food. It was awesome! End of review. Ok, ok, I will go into details. Just be ready with your GPS so you can find this place quick once this review makes you decide to come here.  We started off with the Sampler Appetizer (7.99) which consisted of Fish Balls, Lumpia, and Pot Stickers. Then came the main entrée (6.99) which were two sticks of Barbequed Beef which has been marinated in a citrus/soy sauce mixture. Comes with Garlic Fried Rice. We also ordered a side of Tokwat Baboy (2.99). It is Pork Belly and Tofu deep fried and is mixed in a onion, lime and rice vinegar sauce. We topped it off with Buko Pandan (2.99) and Sago at Gulaman (2.49). The Buko Pandan is basically green jello mixed in a sweet coconut juice nectar and whipped cream. The Sago at Gulaman is considered a drink but would more classify as a dessert because of how sweet it is with its sugar based water mixed with sweet jelly and boba pieces.  Next time I come back, I will definitely order something different so I have an excuse to try their whole menu eventually. Great food along with great service. Yes, my 5 star opinion definitely doesn't get any better than that!  Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #84
Service is excellent!  They stayed after closing and took in my entire family... I did call in advance to be sure they were ok with this.  The girls are great and they never rushed us.  It small, but very clean inside.  Food is great.  I especially like the chicken skewers.  Very well priced at $5.99.  The oxtail was good, but you don't get a lot of oxtail.  We also had the sizzling pork which was better than the beef (but both were good)  Filipino food is full of flavor, but it isn't the healthiest (in my opinion) so don't expect super health friendly food.  It was full of flavor and true to style. Delicious  I've been back already and I plan to continue coming.
4 stars for the BBQ and service.  The rest of the stuff we tried needs to improve.  The place has a refreshing look and vibe from your typical Filipino restaurants.. tall ceilings, greens dotting the red walls, and huge tv screens that played interesting balikbayan videos... I felt happy entering the space.  Service was also extremely warm and accommodating.  We loved - the sago't gulaman drink, the pork bbq (it is by far, the best I've tried among the Fil joints in Vegas), and the tokwa't baboy was tasty.  The palabok was ok, not bad, but not something I would necessarily go back for.  Chefs need to taste the pork rinds that go in there, when you have a few tough gooey pieces it just ruins everything.  The boiled egg was also served cold so I had bites that were cold.  Also stay away from the appetizer trio platter.  The fishballs were bad, the lumpia looks prettier than it tastes, and the potstickers, aside from not really being Filipino fare, is substandard (more wrapper in ratio to meat).  For me good service really elevates the whole dining experience, so if you are in the area, definitely give their bbq a try.  The lechon belly looks pretty good too.
Found this place in yelp since  it's closer to Grandview hotel where we are staying. Pretty legit filipino food but if you come hungry, I would recommend to order more. We ordered tokwa't baboy for $3.99 and there were only 2 slices of meat (so sad). Java plate rice with chicken is also pretty tiny. You get out of there feeling hungry still.
Now this is a place where you'd wanna take visiting relatives. I feel like it's one of the very few Filipino restaurants that are not located in a ghetto area and is very presentable.   The place itself is very clean and spacious. The servers were very nice and I think it's a family-owned business since a little boy served our drinks (very adorable!).   We ordered a sinigang, lechon kawali, grilled chicken and beef steak. The style of the food is a bit more 'fancy' sort of like a Goldilocks version but 50x better. & I usually don't like my Filipino food all fancy!  Sinigang - I was amazed by the broth. The soup was very basic and didn't have as much meat as I would have like but I was too blown away by the broth to even care. I love my sinigang very sour so this hit the spot. I'd give it a 4/5.   Grilled chicken - it was served with a large scoop of their delicious seasoned rice. Nothing special but it wasn't bad either. 3.5/5  Beef steak - meh wasn't impressed with the taste. The presentation, however, was nice since it was served on a sizzling plate. I like my beef steak tender with a lot of sauce and onions. This lacked in sauce and the meat was very chewy. They gave us 2 big cuts of meat and we had to cut it ourselves. I don't have a problem with that but I think I prefer the traditional beef steak loaded with sauce and onions (I like to pour the sauce all over my rice). 3/5.   Lechon kawali - I'm so glad it wasn't drowning in oil like in other restaurants. It was also served with rice and was delicious.  Nice and crispy and went so good with my sinigang and rice concoction. 4/5.   Overall the food was delicious and the prices were reasonable. The lechon kawali and sinigang were my favorite for the night. Again I prefer my Filipino food more on the home cooked side but this place is really great to take your visitors to eat when craving Filipino food. I was very pleased with my experience, especially that sinigang man. Wheeew so sour but so bomb!
This was a great meal if you're looking for some good old filipino food. Also one of the few filipino places that are clean and spacious.   Got the pork bqq and chicken bqq and for $5.99 it was amazing! The pork belly was great too.   Would I go back? Most definitely.   Love this place!
I've been holding out on doing a review for a several months now just to see how they would fare after several visits and trying their sizzling sisig which was pretty good but I've had better, crispier back home in the Bay. As several other Yelpers have mentioned the portion sizes could be a tad greater on certain dishes. While food and service can be spotty and uneven at times dispite never really being crazy busy -- for the most part flavors don't disappoint, they've had a few mistakes such as their banana turon which was a little doughy and had burnt caramel then the fresh lumpia which was bland and lacking flavor. Flaws are expected with a new friends and family/ mom & pop run restaurant and can overlook them as long as they continue to bang out the more consistent, quality food they've pushed out the window.   Their place is nice bright and clean, but they can turn down the TV a bit and would love to hear some old Filipino music in the background. All and all, its good to have a former MGM and Golden Nugget chef serving up some bomb home style food right up the street from me.   If you're looking for it its in the same plaza as Sushimon, tucked away in the back of the Smiths shopping plaza.
My family and I had lunch at Full House BBQ today and the food was amazing.  We tried 2 types of pancit, pork skewers and both types of egg rolls and everything was delicious. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
This place has the worst service that I been to 15 minutes wait and not even a hello or a drink order I hope you guy improve your service or you guys are going out of business.
Visited this place (first time) this morning from seeing their advertisement on one of the Fil newspapers. Food was not bad, but the service was bad (server was nice tho).  Something to look into and possibly add more staffs, especially, during lunchtime.
I was in the neighborhood buying cronuts at caked and was looking for a new place to try. Used my trusty yelp and read a few review for this place. So of course I had to give it a try.  I came in around 12. There were only 4 patrons including myself. The first impression I got was clean, neat and tidy. I don't think I've ever used those words for a eating establishment before.  I ordered some Manapua/siopao to take to work and a Filipino crepe/Spring roll for myself (gave up the pig for lent).   The coworkers loved the pork buns. They were pretty huge. I enjoyed the crepe.   I need to come back here and give their menu a full try.
The food was well priced and the taste was delicious especially with the many sauce selections! The waitress was also very nice and kept asking if the food tasted okay. She even let me sample the melon juice, which was refreshing! I got the pork and it had great flavor.
This is the second time I have gone here, first was because my boyfriend was experimenting with different cuisines.  It was delicious!  Tried the sago desert drink & Lumpia Saaiwa and it was delicious and healthy.  I liked the food andownership so much, I ordered food for an upcoming dinner party.  Not only did we meet the chef, but he personally came out and gave suggestions based on the event & likings of the group.  I will be back, the question is just how soon.
We stopped by on a Friday night for dinner. We must have been a little early because we got seated right away, but only a little while later the restaurant got BUSY.  And for good reason. We had the soy chicken and pork skewers with garlic rice and a fried tofu and pork belly side dish. Everything was superb. You can tell the chefs know how to put together a delicious plate of food.  The restaurant itself is nice and comfortable. The service is friendly and very competent.  I don't give five stars lightly. What they might lack in terms of a glitzy five star experience they make up for in deliciousness, friendliness and value. Definitely worth giving them a try. It's a family-owned business that deserves to thrive! I want to be able to go back and eat more of their tasty food. :)
Excellent service and great food. Everything we ordered was up to par. The fried Bangus was fried a lil too hard but it was still good dipped in vinegar. The Halo-Halo presentation was like no other.
My friend told me about how her boyfriend went to this "asian barbeque" place and really liked the barbeque. After she described how to get to this "asian" place - I found it easily enough. I found out it's a Filipino restaurant! I went in, sat down and got ready to start pointing at food I wanted to eat. To my surprise~!!  it turned out to be a restaurant! I was delighted. So - for trial - I ordered their pork barbeque with java rice, to go. When I got home, it saw the pork barbeque wasnt red from excess food color, it was nicely grilled, meaty, instead of stringy or dried, flavorful and generous. I love it. Chef Alex, is humble and hardworking and aims to please his clientele.  As we were sitting there, I noticed a constant stream of groups of people walking in and finding their table.  Service is fast. Food is hot, delicious and never recooked, or over cooked. Alex and his wife are wonderful people with great personalities. I am so pleased I found a small filipino food place around where I live.
Great service. Excellent Chef Alex. The Filipino food is so good. Comfort food all the way with a top notch chef. Place is clean, can't wait to see there blue ribbon award from health department. There staff full of smile and the reverend that makes Ilocano dishes  are to want to come back for!
To end my wonderful weekend, a close friend and I decided to visit this place as it was pretty new to the area. Both of us have Filipino running through our veins so this was definitely a no brainer.  This restaurant is in one of my favorite strip malls ever! I often frequent this area as they hold a lot of my favorite restaurants: Sushimon, Shabu Grill, Starbucks and more. When I entered the joint, the first thing I thought was HOLY RED! The floors, the walls, everything is red. I'm glad they took the opportunity to paint some brown on the wall and include green plants. It certainly broke up the monotony of red but turned into a Christmas tree. Not a big deal though, and I'm glad they had a lot of seating in the restaurant. Great for big parties. Our server was a young girl, super sweet and accommodating. She was quick and really made us feel welcome. For dinner, here's what I got:  My friend and I started with the Full House Trio Appetizer for $7.99. This 12 piece app was filled with Lumpia Shanghai, jumbo fish balls and pork pot stickers, served with a trio of dipping sauces. For sauces, my favorite was the citrus soy sauce. The lumpia was super delicious! The wrapping was crispy and light. I thought the fish balls were a little soggy, maybe because it was the end of the evening. Also, the pot stickers were nicely cooked on the outside, but the inside wrapper was a little slimy and not the best in my opinion.  For dinner, I got the sizzling Lechon Pinakbet for $8.99. Two things I love: Lechon and Pinakbet! I didn't believe it when they said sizzling but the plate came out super hot! Flavor wise, I LOVED the elements and textures of this dish! The pumpkin, green beans, okra bitter melon and eggplant was perfectly cooked. I LOVED how they didn't mix the pork together. It allowed the crispy skin to really shine through! Loved it all except one thing. The bagoong, or shrimp paste, used in this dish was really strong because the sizzling platter continued to reduce the sauce as it sat on our table. That meant a very salty dish. Please be advised.  At the end of the evening, I had a great dinner. I'm definitely going to keep this place on my list of Filipino joints to frequent in the future. If you're in the area, make your way to the south end of the mall and check this place out!
This place is pretty bawmb.  Not bomb, but bawmb.  Where has java rice been all my life?!   One star removed for messing up on one of my to-go orders.  We ordered two of the pork belly with Java rice meals and they just gave us pork belly, no java rice.  We didn't notice this until we were already home.    I called and the manager said they'd give me a.discount next time.  We'll see how that goes.
This place used to be so promising, I would have rated a solid 4; however, upon multiple visits customer service and food has downgraded. Here's a breakdown of the good, not so good and the ugly:  GOOD: - Friendly staff (if they even have enough) - Fair prices (ex: BBQ skewer plate $6) - BBQ plates! Available in chicken, beef or pork. (IMO this is their only redeeming dish and worth going back for) - Fried tofu & pork belly with vinegar sauce was a nice & tasty snack! - Sago is pretty good, plus refillable. - Lumpiang sariwa "fresh lumpia" is worth trying again. - Pancit palabok is consistently good. - Clean establishment - Great for only 1 to 2 large parties.  NOT so good: - Garlic java rice is meh...If you are going to have an option besides white rice, I expect it to be super flavorful or something more similar to traditional Filipino garlic rice. - Cantaloupe juice "melon juice" on menu was not available on all my visits. Sad face. =( - Kare kare definitely is a miss here.  The oxtail pieces were unevenly cooked...I'm talking about a FEW nice tender pieces and a bunch of overcooked chewy pieces.   - I'll pass on their fried egg rolls (lumpiang shanghai) and the dipping sauce was NOT the boss.  UGLY: - Worst lechon pork belly ever. Mine was served overcooked, burnt, and chewy.  Completely inedible, but trust me I tried! I will stick to Thelma's if I ever want pork belly (because theirs is perfection!) - Horrible service, due to being understaffed.  (Enough to turn away business! Shame on you!)   After my last visit, I'm not too motivated to go back and honestly would not truly recommend this place to others.  My curiosity is still tickled though with their gigantic siopao and mami soup bowls.  Shape up Full House BBQ and you may get another chance.
On our trip to the insurance office.  We spotted this little Filipino Restaurant.  We were pleasantly greeted immediately and seated.  The decor was nice, clean and comfortable. They had a very authentic Filipino menu.  Food was cooked very well and tasty.  I ordered the Turf and Surf, which included fried fish,grilled pork, grilled eggplant and a tomato/onion/salted fish paste side.  I also had the Java or garlic fried rice. The fried fish was very crispy and yet very moist inside!  Grilled pork was tender and went well with the side and rice. My son ordered a siopao - best he has had, he said. My wife loved the fresh lumpia!   They have a very large menu.  They are very kind and attentive.  We will definitely come back and try some more.
My oxtail soup had good taste, but a little greasy for me.  Think the fat should have been skimmed off better, but the meat was very tender and the vegetables were fresh.  Also tried the appetizer plate with fried fish balls, shanghai and dumplings.  Sorry to say, it looked better than it tasted.  The fish balls and dumplings tasted okay, but I couldn't finish the Shanghai.  The shanghai wrapper was good and crisp, but the filling was not cooked all the way.  Not sure if I will return, but if I do, think I'll try the bbq next time.
We had fish balls, Lechon belly and pinakbet for dinner. Food was good for a reasonable price and service was GREAT!
I've been to almost every Filipino restaurant in Vegas. Hands down, one of the best places yet! Small, quaint, polite and better food than all the other places have to offer. Please support local and get down here!!
Decided to try this place, first and foremost, i don't go out to many filipino places. i'm picky and I have family that makes it homemade, and there is nothing like homemade filipino cuisine. lol   With that aside, Full House was decent. I had the lechon kawali lunch special. with their java rice. didn't see anything special with the java rice. had the lechon kawali, it was promising. parts of it were really crunchy and hot, some of it was lukewarm. The best part of the dish, was the sauce for it....no not mang tomas...but..wait for it.............the chef's home made lechon sauce..it was good, alot chunkier than mang tomas. noble attempt.  I would go back, but just not get the lechon next time.
We lived close in this restaurant but we never even know it existed..lolz . But thanks to a good friend of our who introduces this restaurant to us...its a decent and clean resto! Better than MAX's and other filipino restaurant ive seen here in vegas... costumer service is excellent!! If u also want ro have fun while eating they serve a "Boodle Boats" here..sounds familiar placed it in a wooden boat and everything u ask for is there pork, grills veggie...etc..the food price ia fair...NOT over pricing...definetly goin back here...oh by the way guys they do serve HALO-HALO and buko juice...very aunthentic filipino restaurant! Happy costumer!^_^
So glad a filipino restaurant opened up near me and it's a modern place one too! Came here for dinner with my boyfriend and it wasn't too busy but there were people keep coming in and out to dine in or order out. Got greeted and seated right away.   First of all, the atmosphere and decor was really nice and modern but still kept the Filipino theme. I love the fact that they even have a tuko (gecko) painted on their wall to give the feeling you're really eating outside in the Philippines. That really made my night!   The food was good. I got carried away in ordering our food. We got the lumpiang shanghai which were a little too thin for our liking. We also got the beefstek with steamed rice, nilaga with garlic rice, and lechon kawali. All three were delicious but the serving size of the beefstek was too little for my boyfriend who was still hungry after he ate all of his food. The steamed rice was little bit hard, not sure if they didn't warm it enough or didn't cook it with the right amount of water. But the lechon kawali was crunchy and meaty! Overall, it was decent but better than the other Filipino restaurants I've tried around town!
Their Sago with Gulaman is pretty good! Not too sweet, not too bland, just right!
I was excited because it was close to home but disappointed with the bad service. I was called suplado because i voiced my opinion and they were talking shit about me in tagalog. Wanted to give it no stars but prices are cheaper then most pinoy stores
Closer to home, lots of choices of Filipino turo-turo, even lechon, but expensive in comparison to other Filipino turo-turo and worse, they skimp on the portions they give. We bought XL Kare Kare for take out today, when we got home it turned out to be mostly sauce and no meat, just bones! Servers help you with heavy faces.
Yeah!! Love this place. Been there several times for lunch and have not been disappointed. The ampalaya, the sinigan, the sisig, and kaldereta have all been on my plate. Plus, the market and meats are very handy.
I have been to the other location on Maryland pkwy so I was expecting this to be buffet style.  First it's inside of the Filipino store and has a small area for seating, there are 7- 4 seat tables that line the window side and the food counter runs about the same length.  It's a small area but I was surprised at the amount of choices they had.  I ordered the salmon sinigang and pinakbet, they were both really good.  Price :  1 item = $4.99 +tax 2 item = $5.99 +tax
Seriously good Filipino food. Better than I've had in some restaurants that charge twice as much. They've got the recipes down, and service is super fast.
Very disappointed in the portion of food. We ordered a 2 item with the nilaga, the bowl that they use for a second item is for a size of a salsa cup. It's the tiniest "bowl" we've ever seen.  Needless to say, there was one meat and a potato in the tiny bowl. The kare-kare is made of pata instead of oxtail which is hard as a rock. The sisig was okay. And to top it all, the server is rude! Completely lost my appetite.
Great service and excellent food! You have to try the Pork Tonkatsu... Masarap!!! They have a wide variety of traditional Filipino foods. We will definitely be back!
I just ate here today and let me tell u.. It's really good we got the sizzling sisig and it had an egg on it.. I've never had it with an egg before but I like it.. We also got Pancit Canton Bihon I loved it.. Also the Tonkankatsu out some shit was fried just right
The pork barbeque is delicious..the chicharon bulaklak is sooo good & crispy,,Also, great service,,it's a good place to eat with family or friends,,,,
I'm giving three stars for my over all experience.   * Food The food was superb! We ordered fresh lumpia, bicol express, and crispy pata. Their bicol express and crispy pata caught our attention because of the flavor, texture, diversity of the food.   * Venue The place is "okay". Typical filipino restaurant.   * Atmosphere There's a feel of fiesta because of the band playing that night.   * Service Good customer service. Our server was very friendly and very polite.   I'm just giving three stars because I wasn't too happy with the band. It was too loud for them to have a band playing those kind of songs in a small area, so all of us need to yell just to hear out one another. For me acoustic music is more appropriate for the restaurant because of the size of the place.
Pros: Tasty food, friendly and receptive service, brand new place! Cons: Parking is a bit funky since they are at the end of the building  I recommend: Pancit bihon, binagoongan (bagoong) fried rice, beef bulalo (soft beef soup), melon juice  I've just moved to Las Vegas so I'm on the hunt for Filipino food after leaving my favorite place in San Diego behind. I chose this place because they have a website with their menu online! I'm hoping that they will add pictures to every menu item on their website so that my mom and I can let our stomachs and eyes order for us :). We called in our order and drove about 20 minutes to the restaurant. We showed up the day before their Grand Opening so we missed the restaurant when we drove down the road (they have a nice bright sign now though, so you can't miss it)! We were promptly greeted and our food was brought out right away.   My mom loves to talk so we enjoyed a fun conversation with everyone. They got us to try the melon juice and halo halo and I'm glad they did. The melon juice is like a shredded melon boba :). They add shaved ice to melon juice with shredded melon at the bottom. Super yummy- especially on a hot day. My mom and I couldn't agree on the halo halo though. I like simple halo halo while my mom loves "loaded" halo halo with tons of stuff (like the cup is full of beans and jellies and fruit) and D'Pinoy's halo halo is definitely more simple (maybe about a quarter full). I loved it but I'm sure my mom will ask for more fixings in hers next time. The Philippines might seem like a small country but there are many regional differences. Some people just prefer things a certain way because of the region they grew up in.   We ordered several things including lumpiang shanghai, fried bangus (milkfish), beef kaldereta, chicken curry, pancit bihon, binagoongan fried rice, and beef bulalo. I loved their pancit but my mom didn't care for the tofu in it so I took it all :). The chicken curry has bones but the chicken is very soft and will fall right off it. The beef in the beef bulalo is super soft and absolutely delicious. The binagoongan rice wasn't what I was expecting (it has mangoes and tomatoes on the side- never seen that before) but it was absolutely delicious. Very unique and very tasty! Everything was very good, very soft, and cooked very well.   Unfortunately, we were missing one thing in our order and didn't notice until we got home (oops)! The place isn't that close to us so my mom called back and told them what happened. They were very apologetic and promised to make it right when we return. And we WILL return! I want to try the pork tonkatsu, dinuguan, sinigaang, and the sizzling bistek! This might be my new go-to place in Las Vegas for the food of my people!
