Totally diff from the Cantina in Scotts obviously no chips and salsa  here. This is a great neighborhood bar I basically lived here thru football season's ages ago. If you hate Raider fan's I suggest steering clear of the times they play (if they still have the club there that is) Raider fan's are crazy and it is usually not so much fun after the games when they lose which is most of the time! They do have many many tvs their site says 24 total. They have a seperate area for betting on the dog races that was always huge with the older crowd.   They use that canned shredded meat here in some meals which I think people immediately love it or hate it. I dont like it so much it's too salty and soggy but I never really liked meat anyway. I solved that problem and just eat sushi now, so who am I to say if the chicken is really good or not?!?! I am fine with some fried zucchini or those stuffed jalapeno things or even nachos minus the meat. I remember their wraps as being really good though! Don't confuse the bartender by asking for a foofoo mixed drink. You mill be lucky if they have some flavored vodka. Beer is king here and I seen a many people do Irish car bombs but hey you cant really get those wrong now, can you? Beer me please!
We go to Brennans because it is a 2 minute walk from our house. It is a good place to watch a game. Lots of TVs and comfortable tables. Drink prices are reasonable. The food isn't the greatest but it is passable for bar food. Like the title, it is "grub". The Irish Nachos are HUGE. Great for filling your belly alongside beer. And their Mexican pizza isn't bad either. My husband likes their all you can eat Friday fish fry.  Not bad.
If you have a craving for a good, greasy cheeseburger look no further! Whenever I have the craving I'm right there.   Now, if you like mozzarella sticks and I mean the real ones don't order them here. What they call mozzarella sticks are basically two giant logs, yuck! They just don't taste good.   Beer is always cheap here and the mixed drinks are okay if you say not too much ice.   Basically it's a great neighborhood bar to chill and watch some sports on the many t.v.'s and eat good food.
I used to drink a lot. I mean, I still do, but I'm not in my 20's anymore liver! I shall wrap up about 70 trips here into one review. I used to live in quite a short stumble distance from here, so I frequented knowing I could avoid a DUI and always have a good and safe time.  There are so many positives. Let me add that this and the (other former Brennan's East of here) are quite different. Yeah, this is in a strip mall, as a ton of bars in AZ are. There is no outside seating. There is a lot of indoor seating- booths and tables galore as well as a large bar with extended seating. For some reason the booths to the left side of the door seem to be made for either children or anorexics. The rest seem just fine!  It's a little aged, clean enough, older place. They have darts, pool, shuffleboard,and bartop games. I have never had bad service here. Honestly. The servers and bartenders are attentive and motivated.  The menu at this Brennan's is huge! If you can't find something you like here I would be shocked. Let me tell you they sure don't skimp on cheese. Order anything with cheese and you shall see. The mozzarella sticks are the size of cucumbers! A word of advice: Share a meal. The portions could feed 6 people (unless an ala cart choice).  Trivia on Wednesday's for cash and Sex Trivia Saturday's for sex toys! Who can resist that?! (Hey, put your cell phones down- no one likes a cheater! Yeah, you!)  Prices are great as well. Happy hour gives you a good bang for your buck.  It's a fun, local type bar that always felt safe and welcoming. Used to feel like "Cheers" to me. Too bad I can't stumble here anymore, but I still visit often.  Never had a bad time and if I were a fly on the wall, I'm sure I could write a lot more here. :)
I came here with my boyfriend and his friends before we left AZ to go back to the bay. I was surprised to see that there weren't tons of people in there as it was a Monday night and tons of games on.  Brennan's is a hug bar and has tons of seating and tv's to get your sports fix. We found a booth and were warmly greeted by our server. The boy and his friends ordered 35 cent wings and I had a cheeseburger with curly fries.  My cheeseburger and curly fries totally hit the spot. The curly fries were were crispy and had tons of flavor, they were a little spicy. The burger was really filling and was exactly what I wanted! The boys completely devoured their wings, and at 35 cents, you can imagine just how many they had between them.  For our flight, my boyfriend ordered the margarita chicken wrap and it tasted great even a few hours later...yum!  Brennan's is a solid spot to catch a game and grab some yummy pub food in a laidback environment.
We are pretty much regulars at Brennans now. It is a reliable place to watch the game with cheap drinks. There is a great view of the TV from almost every spot.  The bartenders are AWESOME. They are quick,  friendly, and really seem to care about providing good service.   The servers are good too. Very sweet and take care of their regulars. There is confusion among them sometimes about who is helping our table but it is usually resolved quickly and they are apologetic.  The food that is good is very good, the food that is bad is pretty bad. Luckily, the number of items on the menu that is good outnumbers the bad. Here is a rundown on the good stuff- the Irish Nachos, Mexican pizza, cheese curds, potato skins, wings, enchiladas. All pretty good. Oh, and salsa too. It's freshly made and very zippy!  I would stay away from the zucchini and mozzarella sticks. Both are too greasy and lacking in flavor. The mozzarella stick is ginormous, which seems appealing at first but it is just too much cheese and too little breading.   I wish they had more food specials because the appetizers will set you back 7-10 bucks a plate. But the portions are huge. They do have an amazing mexican night on Tuesday. $1.25 enchiladas and tacos. And we were pleasantly surprised about how tasty the tacos and enchiladas are.   The crowd in Brennans is diverse and interesting. I love a diverse crowd and all but be prepared to listen to either a full hour of country or a full hour of gangsta rap on the jukebox. That can get annoying when the jukebox is completely dominated by a person whose musical tastes are limited to one genre.   Overall, we love Brennans and we can call it our home away from home.
I've been going to Brennan's for years now. I'm 27 now but started coming here as a kid to Brennans and would catch Suns games with my Dad and brothers and enjoy some Wings. Brennans is a shining example of what a neighborhood bar should be. It has always been everyones Cheers. The staff here is top notch. They are all very interesting characters. Wayne, who is the lead Bartender has been there since the beginning, is the absolute best. Just talk to the guy and observe him and you will understand what I am speaking of. Sean is also a great bartender and makes a mean mean drink. If he likes you, he will make you the " Red Sox Shot " It is LEGENDARY.  Jordan who bartends and serves there, knows how to ask the cooks to make the wings a special way that make them even more amazing. Flavor suggestion: Honey Hot.  Great spot to go for all the basketball and football games, drink prices are very accommodating as well. The football crowd on Sundays is fun. You have some real die hard fans that go there for football, you have some people out with laptops placing bets over the internet, fantasy football going, Bloody Mary's flowing. I live in San Diego now, but every time I come into town, its an absolute must to go to Brennan's for all these reasons and more. Enjoy yourself and sit up at the bar so you can experience the bartenders. If you want to mess with Wayne, talk about the Raiders. :)  Steve Zimmerman Phoenix Suns 4 Life
We ate at Brennan's last night.  The waitress did not write our order down, and my husband had some special requests.   The meal came, and all requests were ignored.  In addition, it was cold.   My husband complained, and was brought another serving of beans.  However, because of the food on the original plate, he was not able to eat his entire meal.  We did talk to the waitress about the importance of customer service and how disappointed we were.
Went to Brennan's for the first time after work today.    Pros: The Irish Nachos were huge and really good.  Waitress were nice to look at. They had quite a few TVs with baseball.  Cons:  I love a dive, but when I sat at the bar it was more dingy than dive.  Pretty dark and older looking.  The TV's also seemed smaller around the bar area but that could be just me.   I may of come in on a rough day but the customers where I was seated skewed older and a bit unpleasant.  I know this not the bars fault but did kill the vibe.  I definitely will go back since the food was good, and would like to get in on a game of pool.
I've recently been trying to find a cool place to play shuffleboard in North Phoenix.  I was trying to find a place to hang out near my bro's house so we could go hang out for a bit and have a beer.  I found Brennan's online and noted that they had shuffleboard.  WIN WIN!!  The review said that the staff was friendly and called you "honey" even if it was the first time you had ever been there.  BANG!  sounds like my kinda joint, so  i called my bro and said, "hey man, let's go to this joint by your house and play some shuffleboard and have a beer".  So, off we went.  I got there and when I approached the bar, the bartender looked at me like I was from Mars. I said hello, FIRST. She says Hi.  Then I said "How's it going?"  I felt like I was demonstrating to her how to greet a customer. So I ordered drinks, asked for shuffleboard disks and some menus. I was told that I could grab my own menu and that if I wanted something, I needed to come back and order.  Cool,  no biggie,  but no points for hospitality there.  No real attempt at gaining some sort of an EARNED tip, no prob, it's only my first impression of the place.  SO,  we play some shuffle board.  5 red disks, 3 blue, that's all they have and the shuffleboard table was not in proper working order and it wasn't like the guy sitting on his butt in the office right there was gonna check on us to see if everthing was okay.  So, it don't matter, we's having some beers and it's all good.  We get hungry and decide to look at the menus.  The menus said that THURSDAY was Indian Fry Bread day. Apparently, I am told that they haven't done that IN A LONG TIME.  I guess they didn't get around to changing the menu, but hey it's only my first impression of the joint.  Glad the regulars love it, they can have it.  Oh and I agree with a former poster about the Irish draw of the place.  I thought it was gonna be an Irish place,  not even close.  Crappy hospitality, limited beer menu etc......
I loved coming here on Saturdays for sex trivia. However, there is this one waiter that would always serve us that was completely rude, smart mouthed, and just an all around bad attitude. I was just in utter shock how a person that relies on tips for their living could be so rude. Since the last encounter with him, we haven't been back. It's a real shame because I really enjoyed hanging out there.
Favorite place on a Friday night!. Love the service, always friendly.
Not many places do Killian's Red in pitchers, but these folks do.. =)
Not sure why Brennan's was not on this list.  This a great place if you like laid back dive bars.  We have been going there for 6 years.  On Saturday's they have half price burgers that are phenomenal.  Saturday nights they have trivia.  Pool tables, shuffleboard, silver strike bowling.  It's a lot bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside.
And now, the Killian's Red is gone. However, they've swapped it with Kiltlifter, just as delicious and more local! =9
Horrible horrible service. Beer and food is great, neighborhood bar so it's convenient. Went in today for my last time. They were short handed which I could understand, but the managers were even terrible. Server never brought our food, let alone check on us. I had to get up to get a beer, napkins, plates, etc. Had to basically yell and wave my arms just to get the check...we complained about the service only to get a "thumbs up" and a smile then walked away....LITTERALLY. No joke. The manager kept saying he would get our server to us, which never happened. All tables around us were just as unsatisfied.  Too bad for them, I know after today many people will not be back.
If you're looking for a great corner dive with interesting folks, witty bartenders, decent bar food, cheap drinks, low drama, and weekly sex trivia, you found it.
Taco Tuesday has the most amazing specials! Friday and Saturday nights are ridiculous fun!! My home away from home!
Friday nights are always good at Brennan's. Jackie (bartender & waitress) has an intoxicating smile - anyone would feel welcome.  The whole staff rocks!  Burgers are huge and juicy and Mexican pizza is good too.  Pool tables need a lot of work but a good neighborhood bar.
BRENNAN'S IS THE BEST! What an awesome place to come and chill with my dear friends. Not to mention the staff is the best. Jaki, Wayne, Kat - all of them!
Really bad service Kaitlyn is horrible This place  is a dump they mess up people's orders a lot  It's old and like a ghost town which speaks volumes plus the unattractive bartender tried to hit on me  I would not recommend the food or the atmosphere
I love this bar. They have amazing nachos and the staff is amazing - Jaki, Kaleigh and Wayne. I don't ever have to wait long for a drink. Oh yeah and sex trivia on Saturday night is so much fun.
A great local hangout.. Not real keen on the fact that it's IN a casino (Green Valley Ranch), but a real wooden Irish pub nonetheless. Pub Quiz night is Tuesday nights at 8:00 PM which is pretty fun. The "potato wedges and cheese dip" is really freaking good if you don't mind the calories.
If this place were a bar by itself on a street somewhere, I'd probably be considering it for 4 stars.  Unfortunately, like many things in Las Vegas, it is tucked away in the corner of an obscenely large casino.  The casino in question is WAY off the strip.  The pub is up on the second or third floor and way off in the corner.    Our search for this place felt like an episode of  Lord of the Rings:  Following signs, backtracking, splitting up and meeting again, etc.  We had a great advantage over the hobbits in that we had our cell phones to keep in touch.  Furthermore, we could stop and rest along the way with booze, food, and of course craps.  Those poor little hobbits...  Our 8 person party was escorted to a table through a labyrinth of small rooms/anterooms and seated for dinner.  We drank like fish, ate lots of fish and chips, and enjoyed the band.  It was for the most part a great bar band, the kind you often see in Vegas if you're just walking around.  It was a little jarring to have to leave the nice dark wood and dim lighting of the pub to go out into the casino and find the restroom, but we all survived.   Unless you're already out in Green Valley for some reason, I can't imagine any great reason to hit this place.  However if you are already in the building, it's a decent place to drink.  They also show lots of Rugby, Premier League, and other European/International sporting events at the usual early morning time if you're so inclined.
I make jokes about the UK being the home of bland, boiled food.  I use those jokes to explain the reason why I can't handle spicy food - I'm just not bred for it.  I was made for boiled cabbage and boiled meat and boiled...everything.  Then I went to Fado, and I had a few delicious items that weren't boiled yet were delicious.  I can't attest to the authenticity of the fare, but when my taste buds are Michael Flatley-ing all over my tongue, I couldn't really care less about authenticity.  Things that are awesome:  * Their fish and chips are great, second only to the Crown and Anchor.  It's also what half of everyone in the restaurant has, and I hope it's not because they're afraid of black pudding.  * The All Day Irish Breakfast.  Eggs, Irish sausages, rashers, black & white pudding, baked beans and tomatoes.  This thing is HUGE, and it's delicious.  * Blackened Chicken and Shrimp Boxty.  This is by far my favorite.  A generous portion of blackened chicken and shrimp with tomatoes and mushrooms in a creamy white cheese sauce, all wrapped up in a potato boxty (a thin, crepe-like pastry with a wonderful texture).  * Black and Tan Brownie with Guinness Ice Cream.  Yeah, it's a variation of the same chocolate brownie/cake with ice cream and fudge that every restaurant has which is always called the Vesuvius or the Chocolate Thunder Mountain or another such mountainous moniker.  But this is a BLACK AND TAN brownie with GUINNESS ice cream and, let me tell you, you can tell.  It's so stinkin' tasty.  They have trivia some nights and entertainment others (check the site).    I think they deserve some serious kudos for being a chain but never feeling like one.  I didn't know Fado was a chain until I went to write this review.  Good show, lads.
Amazing food and drinks, as well as amazing service. I just started coming here a week ago, and have returned 3 times in the last week.   I can't think of anything negative to say about this place since it moved from Green Valley Ranch, other than that the bar itself doesn't have enough seating.   The staff here are amazing people. Already they know who I am, and what I drink. Everything is taken care of. There's no gambling in here (a HUGE plus in my opinion...) and the smoking is outside the bar, which is even better.   Will definitely keep coming back here.   I'd like to give special thanks to Daniella, Nelson, Brendan (sp?), Rich, Aaron and Vanessa. You guys have made it a wonderful experience each and every time that I've gone in there.   Would definitely recommend to anyone who wants a good pub experience, without the pain in the ass of video poker and slots around as well.
Add a half star to my rating--It's not bad.  The decor was very Irish-pub, but it's too new to feel truly authentic.  It's not something that the management can change unless they want to close the place down, have a smoky peat bonfire inside for about a month, then bring in every chain smoker in Las Vegas for an additional month, send the help around to ding edges and rub things with century-old grime and generally batter the place up.  Yeah, I know, not all pubs are battered, but there is a distinct feel of age and wear in even the cleanest of them.  The service was okay--the waitress had a few too many tables to handle well, and that's not her fault.  The food was decent as well--I had bangers and mash.  Unfortunately, it wasn't as authentic as I would have liked.  The bangers were dead on--with thin, crisp skins and nice fatty pork inside.  The mash was made from real potatoes, not instant potatoes, but the cabbage was some bright green stuff (or was that parsley?).  The gravy had a very red-wine flavor--lovely, but not traditional.  And the peas?  The frozen green things, not proper marrowfat peas.  It was the sort of interpretation that will and should appeal to Americans who haven't gone to English schools in the UK.  My complaint is simply that  I wanted Bisto gravy, marrowfat peas and overcooked green cabbage instead of a more upscale treatment.
Went with 2 of my friends on a Tues night and service was pretty slow. I ordered the steak salad (which was listed as a special) but the steak was COLD and the salad was tiny. One of my friend's ordered the burger which he said was good but nothing special. Not sure what they're really "known" for, but it def wasn't what we ordered!
With an invitation from Daniella S. to check out Fado's for an UYE, how could I not resist?  The original Fado's has moved from Green Valley Ranch and opened up shop on the busy streets of Eastern Avenue.  It ended up being quite an intimate event with Tiger W. and Sean S.  Our hostess for the evening brought over a round of drinks on the house including some appetizers to try.    * Dublin's Sampler Platter "This favorite combines full orders of our Cheese Dip, Chicken Tenders and Chicken Boxty Quesadillas." $19.95   * Cheese Dip and Wedges "A creamy blend of three cheeses served with boxty wedges for dipping." $6.95 - What makes this appetizer unique is their wedges.  Tasty things and who doesn't love cheese for dipping?  * Chicken Tenders "Chicken tenders in crisp tempura with a side of our own honey mustard." $7.95 - It really is the tempura batter that makes these tenders pretty delicious!  The Big F really enjoyed these treats!  * Chicken Boxty Quesadillas "Our signature boxty potato pancake is richly layered with grilled chicken, melted pepper jack cheese and drizzled with a red chili aioli.  Tomato pico and sour cream on the side." $9.95 - Quesadillas that are yummy with the potato pancake mix.  Good stuff.  And if you don't know what a boxty is, "Associated with rural sections of Ireland, the traditional Boxty is a gently seasoned potato pancake filled with special ingredients and cooked on a griddle."  With it being a Thursday, it's Trivia Night!  This turned out to be quite a fun event, despite us having to bail early.  Gift certificate prizes are up for grabs and you can work in teams.  Although the games reminded me of weakness with trivia, I had a pretty good time with good company in hand.  Additional appetizers we got to try included:  * Corned Beef Rolls "Tender corned beef and creamy mustard sauce tightly rolled inside a traditional boxty topped with a cabbage salad." $6.75 - Corned beef and cabbage put together into the perfect bite size portions.  They do this really well!  * Smoked Salmon Bites "Traditional cold-smoked, oak salmon on crisp boxty "blini" with capers, onions and a light horseradish sauce." $8.95 - Another bite-size treat that is pretty good stuff.  Overall, Fado's is a pretty big pub with an upstairs area too.  A relaxed atmosphere with an interesting mix of people.  My only complaint was that a waitress forgot to bring a menu at one point, and then forgot a drink later on.  No big deal really since there's a bunch of people there.  The food is quite a standout from what I'd expect or had from a pub.  A few large TVs around minus the token video slot machines.  Too bad it's so far from where I live!  They also have happy hour too!
we went here twice and on both occasions we left because the service was so bad. The first time the pregnant waitress told my boyfriend she wouldn't get him beer because he had been drinking already, ummmm isn't this an IRISH PUB? I was driving i hadn't had a thing to drink and in his defense he hadn't given her a reason to deny him a drink. The second time was this past St. Patty's day, the radio station was there and it cost us $30 cover to get in, w/o any drinks btw then we get up to the bar and its slam packed every one around us is getting served except my Bf and I. we waited for 45 minutes watched all these people who walked up after us get served and us not. The bartender was Liam i still remember his name, he made eye contact with me and completely ignored me??? I was so upset we just left and said never again...
Fado seems to be the default hangout for my friends and I.  Basically, if we can't think of anywhere else to go, and we don't want to think too hard about it, we go to Fado.  It's close and it's not too pricey.  The beer selection is not fantastic, as far as I'm concerned.   I end up drinking cider half the time, which is a far cry from the usual ambers I tend to enjoy.  The do have Smithwicks, which is a decent amber, but not much else I'm excited about.  Of course, they've got the British/Irish kinds of beers, but not as many as I'd like to see.  Their happy hour appetizers are very good, and fairly cheap.  The crab and cheese dip is tasty, as are the beef curry bites and the guinness mac and cheese (all are 3-5 bucks).    Oh, yeah, FYI, there is absolutely nothing healthy at all on the entire menu, so...be aware if you're into that kind of thing.  Tasty, but not healthy.  The ambiance here is nice, and it's what keeps me coming back.  The bartenders and servers are very friendly, and there's a laid back vibe about the place.   Basically, it's as close to a decent neighborhood Irish pub I'm going to get in Henderson.
I was disappointed in my experience at Fado Irish Pub.  My friends have really enjoyed Fado for lunch in the past and so I thought I would give it a try for St. Paddy's.  Probably a mistake going to a very busy Irish pub on St. Patrick's Day but I thought it would be fun to check out the live music under the tent and reasonably priced Killian's Irish Red.  It wasn't the immense crowd that make me unhappy, but the fact that on a day when Fado knows they are going to be turning a huge profit, they still charged a $15 cover charge just to get in and wait in line for 20 minutes for a cup of beer.  In principle I usually refuse to pay a cover charge but my friends and I had already made plans to meet another friend there and so we felt obligated to stay.  Plus, the doorman said that I would be receiving a $10 gift card for entering, really only making my cover charge $5.  Too bad he didn't mention that you had to spend $20 on items other than alcohol in order to get the $10 discount.  That's not called a gift certificate, that is a coupon.  By the time my other friend arrived only 30 minutes after I did, the line was so long (around the block!) that she would have to wait at least an hour to enter, so all of us ended up leaving and going to another restaurant/bar.  $15 per head cover when you already know you are going to turn a huge profit is just greedy.  On a positive note, there was no line for the ladies room inside of the bar due to the crowd control at the door. Perhaps contributing to my negative attitude is the fact that I am possibly just getting too old for this kind of experience, with the meat-market atmosphere and drunk idiots everywhere.  If you are young and looking to hook up, this might be just the place!  Next St. Patrick's I will probably go somewhere more low-key where there is no cover charge.
The last couple times Sean and I have popped around here, we've been very sorely disappointed.   Gone is our cute little watering hole pub that we used to frequently hang out in, and instead we find that the place has become very fiscally greedy and capitalistic.   I'm just not willing to pay cover for an off-the-strip pub. I loved me some Fado's but sadly, it's no longer the place I had grown to love.   Oh well. Luckily I live right near a Lee's Discount Liquor, and have an extremely nice view from my balcony. Getting plastered at home is much more fun anyway.
Great pub to drink at. Good happy hour app specials. Don't pass up the Guinness wings but don't expect the same food quality in all the items from the past. Fado's has had better days.
I will say that this location is MUCH better than the location in downtown Denver.  Nothing spectacular but they do pub quiz on Tuesday nights and the service is great.  I am just not a fan of their menu.  I scoured the menu for something healthy but I found only a few things, none of which sounded appetizing at the time.
Cesar salad not good. It's stale lettuce and a bit bitter. Fish and chips is a good choice. The fish is large and so are those potato wedges. Decor is pretty classic, but I think it's a bit too dim.
Wed Night Pub Quiz!!  so much fun and the food is very good too.
I'll be completely honest here-- I go for the hot whiskey.  I'm a girl that loves her hot beverages, and the one here is not bad at all.  In fact, it's down right tasty on a cool night.  Last time I ordered food here, I got the boxty stuffed with corned beef and cabbage.  It was okay.  Something that I would go back for?  Probably not.  Something that was horrid? Definitely not.  It was just okay.  The black and tan dessert was pretty good.  I definitely loved the Guinness ice cream more than the brownie.  The Irish coffee was one of the better ones that I've had.    The server was polite on the dead night I went on... but he's actually extremely chatty if you get him talking or if thinks he's seen you before.  On a trivia/karaoke night, I could not find the waitress to save my life.  I ended up ordering my drinks at the bar and walking back to my table, which she did notice and immediately apologize.  It was busy, and I know I'm at a pub; so it was not a big deal to me.  What this place is great for is the pub atmosphere, grabbing a beer with friends, watching some soccer, maybe a couple of rounds of 2 for 1 Irish car bombs on karaoke night after a round of pub trivia, and watching the countdown clock for St. Patty's Day-- the one night of the year we are all Irish or at least that's what The Boondock Saints taught me.
I was sad to hear this bar closed as they had great St. Patty's day parties.
So here is the deal. I am not giving five stars because I had the best meal I ever have, in fact the kitchen was closed.. I had one guiness, which I may add was a great pour. Anyways a group of fellow yelpers who I had never met before all met at this location to have a drink and bid fado goodbye since it closed tonight at 12 for the last time. The stars are being given for the experience.. It's not every trip to an irish pub that you hear stories about crossiant wrapped wheaties just prior to packing a "SATCHEL" with bar glasses, this was a prime example of the good times that can be had here in town, there are some great things to come with this group of yelpers.
Came through here after an interview at their med school, I was looking for a fun looking place to be around some other students, and grab a bite to eat.  This place was dark, depressing and had a bunch of old people in it.  Why did I come in here?  Some guy who had been to San Francisco was inside and called me in (we were walking around together, I prayed he wasn't going to rob me).  3 stars because the Guinness was well poured (and shamrocked), and the bratswurst was damn good.    Some younger people came in later, taking shots from plastic condiment cups-must be a Madison thing...
Overpriced drinks served by lousy inept bartenders.
Walked in here on a pub crawl around Madison. Not impressed. The service was horrible, even at an almost empty bar. We finished our beer and moved on.
Good calming ambience.  Can chill, great big window to see state street.  I like it.
Yeah, it's a bit dive-y. Yeah, the bathrooms are small. Yeah, it's nothing special. But so what, I like it.   I can see how this place doesn't seem very attractive to passer-by's, with trendy places like The Icon popping up downtown. It gets better if you keep coming back. To me, it's simply that bar where everybody knows your name.
The Irish Pub isn't going to win any awards compared to other establishments along State Street, but I've got a history with the place and even though I can clearly see all the defects and downsides I still keep coming back.  The Irish has the kind of feel of a blue-collar neighborhood-type bar where the bartenders are chilly to newcomers and the regulars rule the roost.  What is incongruous about this is that the Irish is not off Packers or Milwaukee or the like, it's right on State.  I haven't been here all that often on weekend nights and the few times that I have I remember it being crowded and loud.  My favorite time to stop in for a drink was right after class or nowadays work.  I'd grab the paper and have a beer or three before heading back to my place and the Irish was the perfect destination for this purpose.    Even with all of the negatives I don't think I've ever really had a bad experience at the Irish Pub, though I'm sure that I've got a case of the rose-colored glasses when it comes to this place.  This just so happens to be my first Madison bar.  Back when I was a sophomore I was fortunate to know one of the bartenders and although I was underage she'd allow me to stop in for a beer when she was working.  Since she worked at another place at night I always went there in the afternoons and the habit has stuck with me through the years.  I like the attitude of the place in the afternoons - it's laid back and casual, with the music turned down a bit and room to spread out a paper and complete the crossword.  The taps aren't too bad but nothing really stands out.  I think I usually get a Guinness, Smithwick's or NG Fat Squirrel when they've got it.  The bartenders have always been pretty friendly with me but I have been a semi-regular since 2000.  The bathroom is small and unwieldy as everyone says, but when you're not staying the entire night it's not too much of an issue.  I've never tried the food since I'm usually there between lunch and dinner hours.  The juke is one of my favorites in town though I did find the hard way that the queue can fill up hours long on a weekend, leaving one $5 poorer with no songs to show for it.  There is also a few tables upstairs - nothing secret about it, but it does make for a nice place to stake out if you've got a group on the weekends.  All in all it might take a few years but this place grows on you.
What can a person expect from such a nondescript bar as the "Irish Pub"?  What it lacks in originality of name and decor, it makes up for with selection of beers, quality of music on the "jukebox", and the danger one feels when pulling money from the ATM...located conveniently next to the dart board.  "Quelle dangereux mes amies!"  I had a good time in here.  It's pretty plain, the prices are average, and my friends and I stayed quite a while playing darts while looking out onto State Street at all of the drunks stumbling by.  I'd recommend stopping in for a quick pint of Guinness or Smithwicks, especially if a live band is playing here...which looks like it happens some nights.  I could see hanging out here and watching the eclectic mix of local students and old-timers walk in and out of the door.  You can't put a monetary value on the entertaining drunks on State Street though.
Cheeseburger & Pizza burgers are awesome!  Nice quiet place for  a weekday lunch!
Yummy pretzel and cheese dip. Chili fries tasty.   And blueberry bread pudding oh my. Upstairs live Irish music played by friends.
I love the IP! Granted-I was one of Mack's first hires after the switch from the Bull Ring to the Irish Pub. Now for a few Irish references-get the burger with Swiss and grilled onions....hand packed "Patty." The first 3 female employees were all Pattys....the owner married a Patty....and note the address number of 317 - a derivation of 3/17 ( St Patty's Day)
This place is a dive. Now before you think that casts a negative light, let me tell you what a "dive" means to me. This is a bar that has been in place for decades. You can feel the history of the personalities and the happenings as you sit there. There are several "notorious" locals who sit in varying spots who are open friendly, and more than willing to provide you with some "color and atmosphere". Everyone roots for the local team, and will kid you over your "tourist" status, but not in a mean way, just in a "getting to know you" way. The atmosphere is dim, perhaps even "dank", but this just adds to the comforting feel of the establishment. If what your looking for is a brightly lit, "Shennanigans" or "Beefalo Wild Things" feel, then you will sadly be disappointed. Fortunately though, I wont, and neither will the other patrons if you choose to move on.
Nice burgers, Irish beer, and the World Cup soccer is on TV - all v. good.   We skip expliring the rock formations of Sedona, to get further along. The limit is 75, yay. I-5 in California needs this to prevent falling asleep at the wheel.  There are plenty of Adopt a Highway signs, with a cactus giving us the finger up. Finally on the approach to Phoenix, we get to see the famous Arizona jungle-gym cactuses. 17st 16 east blah, the road signs are as confusing here as ever, but luckily you can see the skyscrapers, so you can roughly pick an exit.  Phoenix is another surprise after driving through the desert, a handsome, clean city.
The place seem to ONLY serve as a quick stop for people attending a downtown event to get a drink or two prior to the event (The Dodge Theater, Suns or Diamondbacks).  Crowds come early and leave soon there after ... some may return after the event but I wouldn't count on it.  The peeps are either sports fans and/or music fans that enjoy seeing a show sitting down in a cushy seat (i.e. The Dodge Theater).  The fish dinner is good and Brittany the waitress even better (I'm a "big fan") ... but all-in-all ... not my cup of tea.
I can never quite decide how I feel about Seamus'.  On the one hand, the bar is well stocked with Irish beers on tap and all the associated "Look we're Irish!" crap, just like Rosie McCaffrey's.  From first impressions, I thought it was an iffy place trying a little too hard, but I must confess that I've spent some great nights holed up with a load of friends drinking in one of the corner booths.  Prices are pretty standard, around $5 for an import pint.  The food is good and they tend to keep the kitchen open fairly late (10:30 or so).    Still, the overall impression is of a place that's uncomfortably straddling the line between bar and restaurant.  Not quite homey enough to feel like a real Irish pub and without the eccentricities of the Bikini Lounge or even Bar Bianco.  Not really close to Casey Moore's or Rula Bula in terms of Irishness.
I can't think of an easier bar to go to. It always has a bizarre-if-nothing-else kind of crowd and the extensive scotch list is great for an adventure. It's also a great place to bike to if you live in the hood. The bartenders remember names in a cheers-esque manner and are quick with your next drink. Also, they leave you the hell alone if you're knee deep in conversation.   Minus a star because of both bathrooms smelling of a variety of bodily functions generally displeasing to the olfactory functions.
My real complaint with this place is the set up.  Its organized far too much like a restaurant and not enough like a pub, which sucks when all you want to do is cozy up to the bar and all the stools are taken.  The beer selection is fine, pretty typical, though i haven't dabbled in their scotches.  Just not the type of place I'd want to drink fine scotch, anyway.  Their smoking patio is cool if you get a sizable group together and you can complain about how dead downtown is and be irritated by the construction of Monroe 44.    I think once their highrise neighbor is established this bar will get much more lively and won't have that dreaded "am I the only person drinking in downtown" feeling that i always get there.    As mentioned on this page, its a good spot to grab and drink and go but not really a place to blow it out all night.
Great little (maybe I should say really little) Irish Pub with great food. If you are a Jameson Irish Whiskey fan like me, this is the place. They serve 18 year old Jameson and it is amazing. The fish and chips are really good, too. They have a good beer selection, one you would expect from an Irish pub. There are live bands that play traditional Irish music, a cozy dining room and patio tables and chairs right outside if you prefer to smoke and drink. The service has always been good and the staff is pretty friendly. Parking is a little tough sometimes since it is right downtown. Seamus' is always a great time, friendly crowds and great drinks.
I have read a couple other reviews on this pub and I have to chuckle a little at some of the comments, one person even said it is not Irish enough.  Pardon me if I seem a little defensive but I have been going to this pub for years.  The person who created this pub could not be anymore Irish and even though Seamus is no longer the owner (he sold it to Frank his long time lead bartender several years ago) I can tell you it is still the same place.    I have to admit it is not uncommon for there to be a lot of patrons that are not necessarily there for the pub aspect as they are just looking for a drink before or after an event downtown.  That said the atmosphere has a lot of character being attached to a historic hotel, it has that vibe only an old building can have.  There are even some fun urban myths that go along with it.  Some people say the hotel is haunted and the pub is not immune from those rumors, just ask some of the women who have used the restroom upstairs.  For some reason I don't know of anything being said about the men's room that's right across the hall.  I have not heard anything too crazy I just think some women get themselves psyched out about the rumors before they even go up stairs.    Ultimately this is one of my favorite pubs and it's also one of the best places to be on St. Patrick's Day when they close the street off in front of the pub.  It is a surreal scene to see people partying at 8AM in the middle of the street in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  I hope to see you all there.  Slainte
I've just got to say .... Service (or lack thereof) can have such a huge effect on an experience and the way you forever remember that place.   Last night I was at the opening night of DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE. After spending about 30 minutes at the cast party, my friends and co-workers decided to wander elsewhere for another drink (or two). A few suggestions were tossed out, ranging from sports bars to hotel bars, but I recommended Seamus McCaffrey's and held to my suggestion strongly. So off we went.   The times I have been there before were fine. Great. Lovely. No complaints.  Then last night we had the most grouchy waitress I have ever met in my life, both in person and created by a writer on TV or in a movie. Seriously. She was so completely unaccomodating and rude, that I don't think I will ever think of Seamus McCaffrey's the same way.   Isn't it odd how one experience can affect them all?   It really is a fun place to go for a drink, so please do try it out. And, there was great live music last night that I enjoyed immensely.
With the two restaurants closest to the Dodge Theatre not serving alcohol (you know who you are....bastards!),  finding Seamus McCaffrey's before the Margaret Cho show was like finding an EZ Bake Oven under the tree Christmas morning. Complete joy! I really don't know downtown so when we turned the corner and saw a bunch of smokers shwilling pints on the sidewalk, we ran like school girls chasing Zac Efron. Quickly and with our tongues out. We were thirsty and ready to catch a buzz before the show. Inside it was sort of narrow with a long bar on one side and scads of tables throughout. We spied an open table on the "patio" and were told we could nab that and our server would be right out. And she was. Delightful and speedy. We ordered two Stellas and a couple shots. Didn't see any food, but perused a pretty big menu. Usual fare with approachable prices. Thank you, though, Seamus, cuz the group on the "patio" was much more entertaining than Ms. Cho!
I don't drink... but Seamus' is an alright place in my book.  We dropped in after a DBack's game the other night, and I was seriously about to chew off my own arm I was so hungry (and nothing else was open within walking distance... at 10pm... after a baseball game...in the 5th largest city in the nation. Seriously people.).    Seamus' came through for me though - even though the kitchen was about to close and they were only serving apps... I was able to find something veg to eat - Potato Skins, sans bacon.  The service was acceptable overall, but the waitress went out of her way to make sure that I was happy.  When the skins came out with bacon, she had the kitchen remake them right away.  I had to knock off one of the stars because Seamus' is a little bit dirty.  Old bar dirty, not anything to be completely grossed out over... but still.  Go here.  If you drink, have a pint.  Try some food (if you get there early enough).
Seamus is a dive hole in the wall. I have been drinking there for almost a decade. Everything is overpoured, and you can fall off a barstool here and nobody will care. I've seen fights break out, been in fights, lost wallets on the walk home, etc. That said... it's my kind of place, just crappy enough to be awesome. I don't recommend the food, but if you want to go out with friends and really tie one off this is the place!
Great place for Happy Hour,  specially for the downtown folks.  The bartender are not frugal with the spirits when it comes to mix drink if you know what i mean.  For Lunch time, I recommend the Shepard's Pie or the Fish and Chips and stay away from the Mushrooms for some reason their chef's cannot Fry this bad boys properly.
Run of the mill Irish bar, but with a friendly bartender and cheap shots. Most of the customers seemed pretty drunk. There are not many nighttime options in downtown Phoenix so this had to do.
Awesome wings!  They're big and meaty, cooked to our specifications of crispy and with a really good spicy/vinegary sauce.  Actually I don't think I've ever had a bad meal at Seamus's.  It's not fancy, it's just a bar with a sampling of American and Irish food.  Service is always good.  They have a variety of booze and beer from Ireland, as well as crap beer for lame people who would dare step foot in an Irish pub and order something that isn't a Guiness/Harp/Smithwick's.  And I've had many good times at this place over the years.
Note: didn't eat here, only drank  My boyfriend talked my ear off about this place for like a month before we came to Phoenix.  I have to say, he talked it up just a liiittle too much.  But it is a special place for him, so I'll forgive.  The place was small and not fancy---just how I like it.  Service was good---meaning I just got off a plane and wanted to get drunk fast and they made it happen.   And great live music!  Carla will return.
Absolutely love this place.  Frank, the owner, bought the place from Seamus, who went on to start Rosie McCaffrey's.  You won't find a more authentic Irish pub in Arizona.  Plenty of choices for beer on tap, although no domestic beer on tap.  If you go, get the fish & chips or the shepherd's pie.  If Andy is tending bar, you'll be well taken care of.  Check out Andy's authentic collection of police patches around the bar area.
I definitely don't make special trips downtown to have a pint here anymore, but if I happen to be in the area for a night, then I will generally stop in. It's not the nicest "pub" in town, but it's cozy. The food isn't fabulous, but the wings are pretty good and as far as bar grub goes, it actually isn't bad. The staff is usually quite nice and if you happen in more than once, they seem to remember you, which is a huge plus in my book. But the best part of any visit is the people watching. There is literally a cross-section of the entire Phoenix area crammed in to this one little spot. And I love that there is absolutely not one pretentious bone in the whole place. I spent one night there on my hands and knees helping my friend find his tooth (literally it popped out like 5 times) and no one even gave us a second glance! I guess that alone should rate this place a solid 3.5 stars!!!
Going into this place really teleports you to an east coast bar/pub  Unfortunetly the local customers are not what you expect to see in an east coast bar/pub  No obvious cops shooting the shit after a shift, frankly not a lot of people at all. Of the two bars that shared the McCaffrey name. this bar is by far the lesser of the two. From what I've heard Seamus doesn't even own this place anymore. Maybe that is part of the problem...  Police patches adorn the bar..so I'm surprised to not see any police.  There used to be a large collections of lepperchans, I didn't see them last time I went (pub crawl) but I did see a friend from another bar...that was cool. Other then that..i will continue to stay clear of Seamus McCaffery's.   Sorry Bud.  may ye luck be at anothee Baah
If you work in downtown Phoenix, you know that there is absolutely no-fucking-where to eat lunch after 3pm. I mean, the Burger King on 1st St. closes shop at, like, 1pm. So unless you think Baja Fresh is legit Mexican cuisine or that Subway doesn't taste like junk, you really don't have a lot of midday options.  That's why you should break the rules and have a beer on the clock at this sweet pub instead. The food here definitely falls in the upper echelon of bar cuisine (try the grilled cheese with bacon and tomato - it's pretty much the proverbial bomb). All the bartenders are totally friendly and the regulars are grizzled, but harmless. As a situational drunk, I have no complaints about the atmosphere, pricing, or beverage selection. Way better than being accosted by homeless lady-dwarves outside of Quizno's.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and give Seamus McCaffrey four solid stars. Given that I don't really like pubs or pub food, I think that four stars is a pretty high rating.   My rating is based on three major things about the place:   1. The outdoor smoking patio with high tables is really nice if you like to smoke when you drink. It's small but certainly serves its purpose. If you don't like being around smoke, you won't agree with this reason. But you have been forewarned and you can feel free to discount my review.   2. The patrons are a really interesting mix of people. When my husband and I went for happy hour, we saw business men in suits and pony-tailed, t-shirt-clad bikers alike enjoying themselves and relaxing after a hard day at work.   3. Maybe I haven't been too enough pubs to know any better, but I really felt like this place had some heart to it--maybe not soul, but certainly heart. When we went for happy hour, I felt like I was hanging out somewhere that had personality (something I can't say about pretty much every other place I've been downtown). While fun, chic, upscale bars have their appeal, sometimes it's nice to just enjoy a beverage in the comfort of a spot that's a bit more real.   Well, folks, these are my reasons. I fully accept that they may not appeal to you, but if anything I've said strikes a cord and you're looking for a chill place to hang out downtown, check Seamus McCaffrey out.
Wow, after reading mixed reviews i wasnt sure what to expect. We went here for dinner and drinks before a show at the Dodge Theatre. It was packed, but luckily we found a seat. It seemed to be understaffed for such a large crowd, but the waitress was great. The food was even better. My girl got the fish n chips and i had the shepards pie. Very conventional irish fare and a safe bet. For $8 an entree the food was amazing. The beers were cheap, tasty and always full. The atmosphere was a typical Irish pub, being loud and lively.  This place is great and will only get more crowded as soon as the light rail opens. They also have a great whiskey selection and great decorations. FYI this place is perfect before any major event downtown.
I have read a few reviews here and some rate this place pretty high despite their feedback on this place.  This place is probably one of the only Irish hell holes in Phoenix that resemble those nasty pubs from the ghettos back east.  Dark inside with unfriendly asshole bartenders, and the waitresses seem to run like chickens with there heads cut off when ever your in for lunch or a concert night at the dodge.  The food is definitely not a love maker, I can only imagine the old cookers and fryers that produce a less than average fish and chips and stale Fries.. UUURGGHH   Only reason they get two stars? There are cool bike guys that will shuttle  you to the dodge for a concert.  Stay Classy!
Buried under the wonderful Hotel San Carlos is the perpetually popular Seamus McCaffery Irish Pub. I'm not a big drinker (actually, I don't drink, but I used to) but I love going to bars. There is something about the ambiance of a good Irish bar that doesn't try to be more than that. McCaffery's has a pretty decent menu for a bar. Corned beef and cabbage and fish and chips are expected but uncommon in the downtown area which makes them welcome fare. The beer selection is excellent with tons of imports in bottles and on tap. The burgers aren't great but the tuna sandwich is killer. There is live music on the weekends usually and the crowd is pretty constant most nights.  The service is terrible but it's a bar, I'm not sure what you expected.  If you are looking to drown your sorrows or surround yourself with a blue collar crowd, this is the best place in town to do it. If you are looking to grab a bite to eat, the Silver Spoon next door is a safer bet for variety and service.
It's true, their wings are really good.  Also they have tons whiskey bottles to look at and I guess you could probably drink some of it too if you just ask.
We stopped here for dinner before catching the performance of HAIR at the Herberger Theater with Amanda B. and her sister. This pub / restaurant has a quaint laid back atmosphere and quite a few brews on tap Guinness, Bass , etc; I chose a pint of Smithwick's to accompany my dinner.   The menu has traditional Irish fair like Corned Beef, Sheppard's Pie, as well as burgers, salads and sandwiches. I went the safe route and had a Swiss Cheese Mushroom burger which went well with the pint I ordered. I liked the fact that the burger was 1/3 pound and had a decent flavor.   Seamus' has a great downtown location, half a block off the light rail. The majority of the menu is priced under $10 and quite an array of offerings so everyone should find something they like.
this is a decent bar in downtown phoenix, but not really special in any way.   it's too expensive, not irish at all (most of the music is, like, tupac and deftones and stuff), and overall just kind of boring.  the food is pretty good, for sure. also, there is supposedly a ghost lady haunting the place (when you go upstairs to the bathroom you get a creeeeeEEEEEeeeeeeeeepy feeling), and sometimes you get to see some sweet fights. and once some huge creepy dude was either hitting one me or possibly going to kill me, i couldn't tell.   good location, right next to san carlos, but there are better bars.
Wasn't in the mood for any of their Irish dishes, so I had the Beef dip sanwich, which was decent. The Au jus dipping sauce was WAY too salty. anf the fries were average. The prices were average, nothing too outrageous, but the beer selection was a little limited for my palette. There was live music, with an older gentleman singing a mix of Irish songs, Johnny Cash and Country tune all with a distinctly Willie Nelson tone. Out waitress was great! Funny, helpful and sarcastic! Decent bar food and "irish" like pub if you're downtown but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
just say no.  this place is truly awful.  too bad it's taking up valuable space on monroe.
I was craving an Irish Car-bomb on my birthday and this place did not disappoint. The old, drunk patron sitting at the bar did. He had THE worst BO I have ever experienced. We walked in and ordered at the bar. I thought Nico and I would just down the Car-bombs there at the bar, but could barely breathe because of this clown so we went out to the patio. I mean, how could he not know what he smells like? Oh that's right...he's drunk at an Irish bar.   It was a nice day out about 4pm and there were a few folks sitting outside. We enjoyed our drinks and chatted for a bit before heading out. I've also been to Rosie's and even given our short stay at Seamus's, I'd prefer to return to Rosie's.
This review is based on the place as a drinking establishment. I have not tried their food, but have been here twice on Saturday nights and was not impressed by either experience.  The bar area is a bit tight and very loud. It's nearly impossible to have a conversation. The music is decent, though as someone else mentioned, very little of it is Irish. On my last visit, I realized the drink prices are high and the bartenders, perhaps not trustworthy.  My friend had opened our tab and thorughout the night I had 2 drinks while he had 4 - that's a TOTAL of 6 drinks, all wells. After closing the tab, he came over and told me the total bill - $60!!!!  I marched up to the bar to see how that could be and found they had added 4 more drinks to the tab, as well as charging an extra 1$ per drink because we'd asked for them tall (meaning a little more soda - most places don't charge for this). The bartender did not want to go through the hassle of voiding the CC transaction and instead said he'd refund us cash. The first refund was only for 2 drinks so we went back to ask about the rest. He said "oops" and gave us a refund for the other 2. We gave up and left at that point, but there still was no refund on the added $1 for those for drinks or the total tip which was based on a $60 bill that should have been $36.   I may be venting more than reviewing now, but take heed here and review your bill before paying it!
I worked here for about 3 years.  My mother actually turned on a lot of people to this bar.  The food is amazing... salty at times but the head cook has been there for over 10 years and comes up with new things all the time.  Daily specials are always fresh and just the right price.  Night time is the best time to go if you are interested in having some drinks and talking to the cutest (and very talented) bartenders.  The drinks are a little pricy but what else can you expect when you're in downtown Phoenix?
I like this place.  It's not great, but it's not bad.  I always feel really comfortable here.  The seating situation can get really difficult if you come too late after all the downtown workers get off for the night.    The food is cheap and respectable.  I usually get the shepherds pie and I am never disappointed.  Mounds of mashed potatoes covering a rich and salty gravy loaded with beef and veggies is hard to mess up.  Their fish and shrimp and chips is always a good standby.  I love how it's always so crunchy.  I live like a 3 minutes walk away from this place, so it's a good old standby.  Nothing to write home about though.  Try the Turf for a more sophisticated Irish pub experience.
Not bad at all.  I come here about 3-4 times a month during lunch.  Whenever I do go there my friends and I usually sit at the bar because you get a lil better service from the bar tender when you are eating lunch or having drinks.  I don't know how the service will be at the bar from now on since the bar tender has resigned as of St. Patricks day.  Will just have to go down and check it out.  Recommendations: try the Sheppards Pie or Fish and Chips.  Also on the way in check out the special of the day which is written on a chalk board outside the front door.  It usually displays items that are not on the menu.
I take the light-rail downtown sometimes just to go here. I walked in the first time to a bustling, energetic, singing, cheering crowd and thought, "where the H am I??" I felt like I had left Phoenix and ended up in a far away magical land of wonder and excitement. Food is decent for a bar, great beer, great local music (it's the first time I saw The Waters). Downtown Phoenix needs more places like this.
I was totally expecting to add another star to my review after participating in the Seamus/Turf festivities for St. Paddy's day.  Definitely not the case.  I couldn't have been more pissed off.  The husband and I went to the Turf around 5 to grab something to eat.  After paying a stupid 10 dollar cover charge, which included both places, we though McAffrey's would be a better choice since they block off the street every year for the party.  That did not happen this year.  The pub became more crowded than ever and we couldn't even get in.  What a waste.  I was really disappointed.  Between the Turf and McAffrey's and 40 bucks later, we only got a couple small plates of food.  BOO!
I ended up here on St. Patricks Day, because I need a true Irish drinking experience on St Pats and I was told this was the best PHX had to offer. And while this ain't exactly like being in Chicago, it'll more than pass for the middle of the desert.  First the annoying: cash only.  We weren't exactly prepared for this, bubt made do.  It was also a $10 cover and the drafts were all $5.  Again, I can understand that this is their big money maker and I won't hold a grudge over it.  It was still easy to get the drinks, and that's what really matters.  As for the ambiance, its pretty much what I needed.  Everyone was drunk by the time we got there, and they shipped in someone to sing some dirges and drinking songs.  This made Ayesha come to the conclusion that I may be whiter than she originally thought.  I wasn't sure that was possible, but there you have it.  Seamus is an Irish dive bar.  If that's what you're looking for, then more power to you and come on in.  I'd have no qualms about coming back.
Ordered the mushroom burger, they put canned mushrooms on the burger. Gross! The patty melt was good. But it's really hard to mess up a patty melt. My salad had a bug in it.  Service was nice. And they do have a yummy cider beer.
Probably my favorite Irish pub in AZ for Sunday nights because it's rather casual, with live music, and the service/food isn't bad either.  I can't comment on the busier nights here.  They pour a good pint of Guinness and it has a small, intimate feel that I miss from the Irish pubs I used to frequent in Chicago.
Enjoyable downtown pub. I almost always stop here when I'm downtown late at night. It's an institution, for sure.
Last night a colleague and I went to Twitter's Phoenix Friday Nights at this irish pub downtown. The location was easy to find, and for a Friday night it was a well balanced pub without too many people (as you can sometimes see in downtown bars on the weekends) but enough that it didn't look empty. It wasn't too loud but still had good activity, which made it great for a group meeting.  The full bar looked impressive and a bit authentic as you'd see in Ireland. The bars on the menu were well balanced with different types that I enjoy. I order a few half and halfs Guinness/Strongbow which were really good. After awhile the food people were eating around me looked really good, so I ordered the Shepherd's Pie. I enjoy this meal at many places, so I figured I'd try it here. The waitress was very amenable and highly recommended this meal.  When it arrived, the layer of potatoes was very thing and the cheese was sprinkled across the top instead of layered nicely. The meal was too hot so I had to wait quite a bit to begin eat it. When I forked into it, it was definitely tasty but thing and there wasn't a ton to it. Don't get me wrong, I liked it, but I just expected more.  The wait staff was great, and since we had about a dozen people and they had to weave between us, they were great. We loved the staff. Nice people, good beer, ok food..
Good pub food is a lovely thing to have downtown, especially when Seamus is a regular after-work stopping point. My coworkers are pretty cool cats and we've been here several times after the office closes to get a few drinks. Seamus is where I had my first Irish Car Bomb. Guinness is positively delightful and I could drink it every day.  The service is polite, the food is very good and the price is reasonable. I couldn't begin to tell you how much I love fish and chips. And Guinness. Maybe that should be my request for a final meal, if I'm ever put on Death Row and the prison offers such a last request.
4 stars just because I have not tried the food here yet.  This place has one of the best scotch selections in town.  Matt who was the bartender last night was very cool.  Even helped me prank a bartender at Cheurvont.  So funny..    Had a great time, and will most certainly be back..  Also, I will update with a food review once I actually eat there..  :)
Why 5 stars? Well 3 stars just for being open on a Sunday night without a downtown event going on! We walked all over the stadium and arena looking for any signs of life. (I forgot how pathetic downtown is after 5pm). I remembered Seamus and hoped that it would still be open at this late hour of 8:30 in the evening. Sure enough, it was still serving beer. Yippie! And on top of that, the kitchen was still open. I ordered the Sheppard's Pie and it did not disappoint! In fact it was awesome!   There were still a few patrons in there, a good mix of people, young and old. I think some old ladies complained when I put in some Dropkick Murphys on the juke box. Screw em! The song seemed appropriate.   The staff was uber cool, too! Our bartender, slash owner, was really cool and talkative. The waitress that would come by to place orders would stop and chat, too. Very friendly staff.  There's no doubt that this will be my new downtown spot.
I stopped in for a pint of cider on Friday night with some friends. This place is much less of a pub-in-a-box than some other Irish Pubs in the area and has some character to it. It wasn't packed, but was semi-filled with an interesting mix of people trying to get out for an after-work drink downtown.   The wait staff was very attentive and it was a reasonable $5.50 for a pint of Stongbow cider.   Seamus loses a star for having the worst bathrooms EVER! The god-awful stench as you ascend the stairs is enough to make your eyes water and pass out from holding your breath. It smells more like a sewer problem than the bathrooms themselves, but it was enough to make me think twice before bringing out-of-town guests here again.
Five stars for the amazing two person band that played there last Saturday!  They rocked Last Dance with Mary Jane and we had an amazing waitress who brought on the shots and beers!
2nd stop off the rail pup crawl.. a little walk, nice place for regulars but they did not seem to like having a large excited group there. The server was good, the drinks were good and the price was good.   The restroom stunk like old piss.
I came here with a coworker while in town on business Saturday night after watching the UFC fights and had a good meal.  There was a decent crowd and sat ourselves at a table near the door to people watch a bit.  Typical Irish Pub menu with really great prices.  Our waitress was nice enough but after we told her we needed a couple minutes to look over the menu - she didn't come back for like 15 lol.  We both had a Strongbow cider and the Reuben sandwich.  Both were very tasty.  The sandwich was a good size - I ate about 3/4 of the sandwich and only half my fries before I was full.  I would definitely come back here again and maybe try a Boxty dish :)
It is what it is.  A real Irish bar, reasonably priced beer and wind.  Good bar food and good talk.  I am comfortable here talking to the locals and the tourists.  If you are a bar afficionado, this is the place in Phoenix for good talk and a few drinks.
I was out with friends on a saturday night and we decided to check it out after going to a bunch of snooty bars in the area. I liked the casual atmosphere and the dim lighting. The only problem I had was that they did not know how to make a black and tan, which was disappointing because we were in an irish pub. I was also charged for two drinks that night when I ordered one drink and after much debate I was given a "complimentary" drink, which was not really free since I had already paid for an extra drink. But other than that, this place is good place to hang out if you are looking for a casual bar. Oh, and a friend had the chicken tenders and said they were good.
Shepherd's pie washed down with an icy pint of Newcastle... mmm! There was a gooey chewy layer of cheese over the potatoes and I could really taste the peas and flavoring with the meat. A side order of Irish soda bread came with it. I wasn't too into this (it was crumbly like cornbread but more dense and the flavor was practically non-existent, but maybe that's what soda bread is, I don't know) so I swapped that for some garlic bread which was actually a breadstick with some butter swiped onto one side... didn't work out for me. Like the other reviewers said and I agree, the bathroom (I only saw one M/F share) is questionable. And although the location of the pub is very close to the light rail, I still have to go all the way downtown to get there and I'm incredibly lazy, so I won't be making any special trips.  There are a lot of items on the menu besides the usual Irish things, such as burgers, salads, and sandwiches. Pricing is inexpensive.
Stopped in, had a couple of drinks, paid and left. Nothing to get excited over, but a decent stop if you like Irish whiskey and need a fix.
Always there and (almost) always reliable, Seamus McCaffrey's is still my favorite place to grab a beer downtown.  Last Friday night, I convinced a couple of friends that we ought to go check out the newly burgeoning night life in downtown Phoenix, since they had both moved away in recent years.  So after being thoroughly un-wowed by the Roosevelt row area, we decided to head back to our favorite old standby, Seamus.  My only complaint was an out-of-order men's room, which gets a pass for being in a known old building and for the bouncer explaining our other options politely and immediately.  After all, what's an Irish pub without a pisser?  Thankfully, still a pretty good Irish pub in this case.
Stopped in here before a Diamondbacks game, because we had just learned that the Copper Door (located a few feet away) was no longer in business.  Hey, it really smelled like a bar... but it is a bar, so good job!  The fish and chips were OK.  The Irish stew was OK.  The Blue Moon had a big wedge of orange, and it was great.  They had bottled Bud Light.  And the review from "suneel t." wonderfully described the patrons.
I stopped here just before the [Title of Show} OYE event to grab some dinner. I love an Irish pub! The location was very convenient - right downtown, just a few blocks from the theater and the light rail. I imagine if I were a visitor at staying at the San Carlos Hotel I would be regularly stopping in for at least a drink.  That said I went for my usual - Fish and Chips. Original, I know. The menu indicated no newspaper - which is fine. I also ordered a draught of Four Peaks magical Kilt Lifter brew. The waiter brought the drink quickly - I had asked if there were any happy hour specials. The special was 50 cents of a draught. Not very happy, is it? So instead of $4.50 for the beer, it was $4. I think I prefer the same brew at San Felipe's in Tempe for $2.25 during happy hour....the size of the fish was good. Two filets - and by filet that is what it looked like - two Filet o' Fish from McDonalds. Just a size comparison - the taste was fine. The fries were good and I had everything I needed. But for me, it wasn't anything fantastic. If you blindfolded me, took me inside and removed the blindfold, I could be at any Irish pub in the city - or any city for that matter. The side dish of cole slaw was not very creamy, but it wasn't bad. All in all, the meal was fine, but just par for the fish & chips course.  The atmosphere was a little interesting - so I didn't mind having a Kilt Lifter in an Irish pub. The tables were regular tables rather than old wooden ones found in many Irish pubs and the music playing was country...Huh? Country in an Irish pub just seemed like an odd combo.   An order of fish & chips along with 2 Kilt Lifters came to just under $18. Again, a little pricey for what was provided for an otherwise average experience.
Whiskey Cake?! Sign me up!  So the cake wasn't as delicious as I wanted it to be. A bit too strong for my taste. The only reason I like Seamus is because I've always had a good time there and I think my friends played a huge part in that.  They have an extensive menu of Irish food and the service has always been good for me. Some nights, there is live Irish music too. I don't really care for that because that's just one more thing I have to talk over.   There is lots of seating, but don't come here on a First Friday night because it gets packed. Their chairs have taken some abuse over the years so don't be surprised to find a chair with a broken back but when its busy, take what you can get.   Overall- nothing spectacular here.
This is exactly what an Irish pub should be; the bar is unassuming and not trendy or too upscale. It's a nice "neighborhood-type" spot, with live music, great food and bartenders who pour drinks a little heavy-handed.
What can I say, I love an Iris Pub.  Seamus does a good job of providing good drinks at a decent price. Seating is a little limited for really large groups - we had to take over more than one table, but the staff didn't bat an eye when 20 or so people stumbled in.  Live music was good, just made it a little loud.  I love to eat there, but instead tried on a liquid diet.  I had some of the various beers they offer, but my friends tried the "Prairie Fire" which was strong enough to make my eyes water from 10 paces.  I actually think they have to have a fire extinguisher handy in case you spontaneously combust while drinking it.  All in all Seamus is always a solid choice when downtown, for lunch, dinner or an evening out.
This place is a hole in the wall, and in this case that's not a positive. The food was nothing I'd go out of my way to have again if I'm ever in town again. To top it all off, the sole server the night of my was very rude. She complained a lot about having to deal with a large group (despite the fact that it also probably meant a large tip), as well as a number of other things. I'm sorry we ruined her night by bringing in a bunch of business on what was an otherwise slow night. Food was nothing special.
Good lunch here today.  Service was good, food came out quick and was tasty.  Worked with our substitutions with no complaints..  We'll be back.
Friendly staff, plenty of options behind the bar and decent food for the price. I had the "boxty."
This is a neat little place that looked pretty full on a Friday night because most of the patrons were jammed up top the bar area. Otherwise, it was only about 1/4 full. I was wondering why there wasn't a couple of guitar players or something on the small stage but then I realized I would have not been able to hear people talk. Friendly, unpretentious patrons all around us!   I think if I lived downtown, I would come to this place regularly. My guess is that it has a pretty good happy hour crown during the week.
Great location, good beer and liquor selections, prices on the higher side, mixed service, lame food.  I've met up with friends downtown at this location several times.  The Irish in me is drawn to these watering holes faster than an Arizona Republican is drawn to a pro-S.B.1070 rally.  I want to like this place more than I do...  Maybe it's the higher prices and lack of any sort of happy hour that provides good deals.  Maybe it's the fact that the rubin I ordered looked like one of those sandwiches mom packed in my lunch box stuffed in a ziplock bag back in 3rd grade - and didn't seem to taste much better...  Or maybe it's just the fact that with all of the other great places there are to eat and drink downtown, Seamus didn't get the memo.  Bottom line, stop in for a beer if you're in the area but look elsewhere for deals and good food.
Went here for lunch, was super excited about getting into some Irish cuisine, but left with my hopes and dreams shattered.  I started off the evening with a delicious and refreshing tall glass of the one and only Guiness beer, off the tap of course.  It was amazing as usual.  5 stars.  Next I ordered a shepard's pie, which I'd actually been craving for quite some time.  When it came to me I knew there was going to be some problems.  It was tiny, and looked like something I could whip up in my kitchen in no more than 5 min.  And I guess that's all they did in the back of the bar, with little to no effort, it tasted as much.  Minus one star.  I was still hungry, so I decided to order another meal figuring it was still early and I could just eat the leftovers for dinner.  I elected the corned beef and cabbage.  5 min later I received an impostor.  This was no corned beef I've ever seen.  It was instead a shaved meat that tasted kinda like it, with obviously CANNED potatoes, surrounded with an abundance of cabbage and now I'm upset.  Minus two stars.  This is a PUB, NOT A RESTAURANT.  Guiness was great, food sucked big time.
I wanted to like this place, it has a lot going for it. -awesome location -perfect ambience -spot on decor -good standard irish pub beers on tap but sadly prices were a little high, and our bar tender wasnt very attentive a smithwicks and a newcastle set me back $11 + tip this was during happy hour no less pffffff weak
Had a great happy hour there. Staff are very nice and helpful. This place attracts good people. Shepard's pie is delicious, so is their fish and chips.
Decent Irish pub in downtown Phoenix...nothing exceptional about it, but good place to have a beer with friends!
Picked up boyfriend from the airport, so wanted to take him downtown to go to some local pubs. Pretty cool place with lots of seating and friendly-ish people. It was relatively crowded when we came, which was around 11:30 or midnight on a friday, and it looked like they were still serving food ( they actually had a decent menu). Drinks were on the pricier side,  especially for a cocktail. We got the recommendation from a restaurant owner who said it was better then Rose & Crown, which we were looking for. They had a live band that was playing,that was kinda cool  It wasn't too hard to find, because the place next door had strobe lights and loud electronic thumping music and the pub was next more and much more quiet. Good thing bc the music next door was as cheesy as the douchey guys standing in the patio smoking, so we prob would've left
Four stars because I have never left disappointed. Sure there are things the management could do better, it could be nicer inside, the appetizers could be a tad more appealing, and the wait staff could be a bit better at remembering things, but that's not why you come here.  The location is perfect, it's close to most everything downtown - the drinks are cheap to reasonably priced (you won't get nickle and dimed here), and the bartenders are great to talk to. They have a great selection of whiskey and scotch, and must better prices than other downtown bars (I'm looking at you Hanny's)!
This place has Powers...and they aren't magical. They have actual Powers which is rare to see now-a-days . This is probably because Powers makes magic happen (or the precise opposite,  more likely.) More likely jail time in Louisiana but that is a special story...  They have good Guinness, good outside tables, and a magnificent whiskey selection if you have that kind of money. I am definitely a fan :)
A great location for meet-ups before heading over the Dodge (ok ok, Comerica) Theater.  Good solid bar food, good service and a good choice of beverages.  I was particularly pleased that my wife and I were able to share a meal and they had no problems splitting it for us without making a big deal.  For this they get four stars in my book!  Enjoy!
This Irish Pub is one of the best in the Phoenix, AZ area.  The bar staff is friendly and the atmosphere is really good.  Along the bar they have patches from different law enforcement agencies.  Because of the downtown location, there are often meetings and conferences for law enforcement agencies.  They donate a patch to this bar.  I have seen patches from all over the country, including federal agencies.      The food is typical bar fare, with an Irish theme (go figure).  Some of the food is delicious, like the burger.  However, the Cobb salad leaves in a little to be to be desired.   Overall this is one of my favorite pubs in the Phoenix area.  I would recommend it to anyone.
Pretty cool place, easy to get to downtown, food is pretty good, irish atmosphere... i like it... not a lengthy review but it is a good place
I've only been here once. Took a date here. Heard good things from others but I wasn't too impressed. It a dive. Which is okay but i was expecting a bit more.  So putting it in the "dive" category, drinks are cheap, food was good. But the service could have been better.  I wouldn't make the drive from my side of town one a regular basis but I'd definitely try it again if i happen to be downtown for a game or something.
Not a bad spot, open late and had good beer available.
The atmosphere is faux irish pub. The beers are slightly overpriced. All this could be forgiven if not for the terrible service. The waitresses were rude. Apparently serving customers was not part of their job description. Requests for service were repeatedly ignored and this cannot be blamed on a full crowd because the bar was half full at best.  Choose another spot for a truly friendly irish pub where the beers are cheap and everyone has to sing a song :)
I like this place.   I came here for a few drinks as part of a Light Rail pub crawl/birthday night out and a good time was had by all! I was a little surprised that this place was legitimately an Irish dive bar (not that I'm an expert on Irish dive bars). For some reason I had this idea in my head that this was gonna be one of these places that calls itself "Irish" and a "dive," but is actually kind of "cheesy." I don't know why I thought this (location maybe?), but I just did.   Anywho, there's not much to say about the place. There's live music, which I like. There's a small patio for smokers, which is nice for them. The bartenders & drink prices are decent enough. Me and another friend did try and order food, but it was after midnight and the kitchen was closed. I won't knock them for this, since most bar/restaurants close there kitchens early.   When I'm back in Phoenix I wouldn't hesitate to come here again.
Solid 3.5 Stars I've been here more times than I can count, but not as many times as I have gone to Seamus' brother bar, The Turf.   I have eaten and been a slight bit tipsy at both places.  What I am not fond of here is the bottle neck at the bar area....try getting in and out of here on even a semi busy night...and unless you are sitting at a table or find a spot to order at the bar you shall remain drinkless.    Thus I prefer this place after work during the week and I tend to avoid super busy nights like First Fridays or St Patricks.  [I lie I enjoyed the trolly they had set up to take patrons back and forth last year between Turf and Seamus for St Patties].  The food is good but not great. The beer is cold and when you have a seat (at the bar or table) the service is usually good.
Seamus is quick sort of, easy sort of, and its not bad. There always seems to be a group of douche bags at the entry that might be security, might just be guys who are friends with the bar staff. Either way in three trips, they were always there and annoying as hell.   The food is...meh (to quote my rating). I had the Chicken Parmesan, I am pretty sure it was Chicken tenders. Either way it was not anything special.   Not a bad place to go to before going to a game or show. It won't be as busy as the spots right down town. If it is busy though, don't wait. You'll only get angry that you waited.
I can't decide which is worse...the food or the service. Actually, yes I can. The service bites big time. For a table of eight, you'd think you might wanna check back once, maybe even twice. Or at least make eye contact for Pete's sake! As for the food, the Shepherd's pie is a big No! How can you mess up Shepherd's pie? It was similar to Sloppy Joes or Hamburger Helper? Hey, maybe it's Sloppy Joe Hamburger Helper???The Chicken Boxty was not bad with big chunks of bell pepper-yum-but I think I detected a tinny flavor to the chicken. I wonder if they buy Chicken-in-a-Can @ Costco. Seriously??? The waitress STILL is not back!  Okay, I've simmered down since I originally drafted this. The service did suck, the food was okay, but what do we expect from a pseudo Irish bar, anyhow? :)
Seamus is a cool little Irish bar right in the middle of all the downtown action! We come here often bc A.) they have good food and an INCREDIBLE scotch/whiskey collection, B.) bc there are not many other bars right downtown... C.) It's the only bar I can come to on a Thursday night after my soccer game and get a cold pintdid i mention the scotch collection? I LOVE SCOTCH!   The bartenders and servers are all very friendly, and this bar just has a nice neighborly feel to it
This is my go-to "no thought/effort required" bar choice when in Downtown Proper. It never fails - no matter what I happen to be downtown for, dinner at Hanny's, a sports event, a LR adventure, a night at PHX Art (if I'm driving, it's not walking distance from the museum) - and we need a place to have a few beers or cocktails before or after, Seamus is easy and effortless. It's never a destination, but it always gets a visit. Here's why:  The bartenders are always friendly and efficient Prices are reasonable Good draught beer selection Seating is usually available Atmosphere is lively and suitable for one-on-one or group situations There's a jukebox There's food, and it's also reasonably priced for its quality There's a small patio for the smokers out front It's walking distance to most downtown hot spots  There's something to be said for having a Seamus in your pocket when you just want a no-frills pub drink in a friendly atmosphere. It's hard to explain but this place really creates that laid-back old tavern/pub feeling that so many (SO MANY) bars try to reproduce and end up just being another generic bar. I think Christine O. says it best in her review: this place has heart and personality.
While rockin' the 2011 Comicon experience, you can work up quite a hunger.  We decided to get out of the convention center for a bit, and ended up wandering over to Seamus McCaffrey's for a beer with out lunch.  I had a grilled cheese with bacon and tomato, which was the perfect compromise between the grilled cheese and BLT that I was craving.  Kevin had the beef stew, served with fresh soda bread.  Both meals were tasty and filling, and paired with a Kilt Lifter, the perfect lunch.    The music was at the right level for the crowd, the service was fast and friendly, and there were a few TV's showing Football (Soccer) but not too many to be distracting or annoying.
I would move back to the oppressive heat of Phoenix for some of Seamus' vegetable boxty.  Delicious.   I have loved everything I have ever ordered here.  The french fries are pure perfection.  Everyone is super friendly and they have a great beer and whiskey selection.   They open early for football games (not the American kind)--or they used to and the company at that hour makes for an interesting time indeed.
visiting from San Diego and thought we should stop in. Food was great and authentic irish (is that an oxymoron). The waitress did fudge up the order of beers but I like all beers so the problem wasn't really a problem after-all. It's location right around the ball park made it super convenient. We will definitely be back for a weekend night sometime in the near future.
Seamus McCaffrey's is always a good bet for good food and drink.  From the food menu, you need to stick with the Irish traditional dishes for the best food.  The boxtys, corn beef and cabbage and shepherd's pie are some of my favorites...with a Guinness, of course.
As I walked into Seamus McCaffrey's, I felt like I was in a serious downtown. If I hadn't known better, I could have said I was in a Chicago or San Francisco. This bar was jumping with locals, live music bounced off the walls and character filled the room.   The bar is divey, it's cozy, it's dark and it's awesome. The drinks are cheap, the patrons are awesome and there's plenty of seating. Downtown Phoenix could use about 15 more types of these bars.   I visited Seam McCaffrey's after a Diamondbacks game and it was so cool to see Downtown Phoenix alive and bustling on a Friday night. This bar is like a little taste of what the entire Downtown Phoenix area could be like if we took every bar and restaurant filled with character like this and placed them on the same block. Having just got back from Chicago, this bar definitely reminded me of the character the Chicago bars have and it really made my night to see it!   So bottoms up Seamus McCaffrey's! You make Phoenix proud!
I get to come here often because it's my husband's favorite bar here in AZ. I guess it's the Irish in him!   Don't get me wrong. I like Seamus'. Never had a bad time here by any means. It's a dive in downtown. Has that older (though a bit musty feel). I love all the trinkets at the bar and pictures on the wall. Obviously Seamus could use some new tables, bathrooms and carpet, but I don't expect this place to snazz up and become something it isn't. I find sitting at the bar to be the most fun area here.   Beers on tap are cold, they pour a Guinness right, have wine, and have large pours on hard liquor. Small patio out front can certainly be fun for some people watching! Sometimes they have live music, which certainly peps the place up. There is always an upbeat feel here. A vibe of people having fun. Varied crowd and I have always felt safe and comfortable. Be careful if you use the restrooms upstairs. The stairs are rickety, steep and I tend to feel like the toilet is going to fall through the floor. It hasn't yet! (knock on the wood the bar is made of).   Diverse menu with decent food. Always friendly service. Certainly not a place I would ever turn down going to. Just not my #1 pick for a night out. More like my #10. :)   Cheers!
Awesome pub, went there before the Dbacks game, good food and drink for good prices. Recommend this over most the bars around there.
ate a salad here and half a turkey sandwich.  later became violently ill, will never eat here again!
So, it's your typical Irish style pub, dark, dank, loud w/plenty of seating in a side section, and typical long straight bar stools.  The locals made it interesting and fun, I was able to witness some shennanigans one night that was rather comical (see below). the outdoor seating is minimal, but supports a crowd of 15 or so, with mist gently falling from overhead water spouts to keep you cool(er). The staff was great, the bartending on point and the bouncer was able to diffuse a potentially ugly situation. Overall it's one of the best and most hoppin' spots in downtown.  Decent pub style food, large portions, good prices? What more do you need? Oh yeah, brew selection. Good pints w/local flavors on tap, bottles, full hard liquor selection too. A good spot/loction for a few pints if in downtown AZ,   PS SO, sitting outside enjoying a few brews on the solo tip 11pm ish? Three younger shaved headed guys, seriously vocal, decide they need to start chanting F#*K the IRISH, in the pub. The bouncer proceeds to get them out into the street where I witnessed some KnuckleHeadedNess I have not viewed since my college days. One dude says, you know hat time it is? Shirts off! (wishing I had a camera in hand) Then they proceed to scream PUNCH ME! Punch Me!! After 3 or 4 shots it was over, but the whole build up and theatrical show was worth the wait. And the shining knights of young male testostorone jumped into a taxi, off into the night. I was told by the bouncer this is unusual, but like plenty of drinking spots, there's always the potential, it's how you handle it, and he deserves and  A+ and maybe a shiny gold star.
I've only been 1 time an it was for St Patricks Day. It was cool. It could have been much worse.I liked the Irish band that was on and love all the people doing the jig!
The Food? Only if you have to.  The Bathroom?  Only if you have to.    So why the five stars?  Because it does what it's supposed to extremely well.  The second I walk in I hear "hey Dante" from the bartender as he pours me a Guinness.  Can you say that about a bar in town?  I can sit with friends on the patio and people watch.  You'll likely hear Bob Barker or see Cliff.  You'll notice the alley or like to call it "narnia" for the fact that no one who walks down it ever walks out as the same person.  You can sit on the patio of Seamus and judge the people at Ghost Lounge.  You see life walking around and can do it with a cigarette in one hand and beer in the other.
Kind of a forgettable experience as far as Irish pubs go. I don't remember much about it. Bland at best...
Okay, this place is killer. This place has great beer, great wait staff, cool atmosphere, and kick back to hang out at. The corn beef and hash was great, and they know how to make a black and tan right! LOVE it! The place is jammed packed on St Paddy's Day, so that tells you something!
If you're into dive bars/Irish pubs, you'll love Seamus'. I'm not. I went with a few friends after the Rattlers game, and yeah .. not my scene. But the guys I was with that LOVE that sort of thing, rave about this place.
Had lunch here while in town for work, and later stopped back for a beer.  Food was average bar food, though they do that portion the ketchup thing (rather than have bottles at the table, or brought to the table, they bring out portions in little cups) which I think is silly.  My teriyaki chicken sandwich was just so-s0, but not bad.  There were like 6 people in the whole place, but the service was not all that attentive.  There was some good gossip happening as you could see all the staff clustered together chatting during our entire meal.  Later, the place was much busier, but the service at the bar - just to drink beer - was no better.  I'd go back, but I'd look for someplace as an alternative first.
6th stop of the dine around.   Group rated it at 1, I'm bumping it up since I really didn't think it was that bad, just not our type of place.   We came in and were told to seat ourselves, and just ordered the shepherd's pie. Our friend who ordered it was not a fan, but I didn't think it was bad. I'd never had shepherd's pie (a lot of firsts happened for me today), but it didn't resemble anything I was expecting. I actually thought it was pretty good  Though it looks like this place is pretty divey, but a good place to come watch a game or hang out with your buddies
Fish-and-Chips! Fish-and-Chips!  GET THEM! Seriously, I'm normally fairly picky about my fish'n chips. For instance - chips are not french-fries, and they have to have some thickness about them or they're just two-faced potatoes. McCaffrey's has a great chip on their hands. Fish is always cooked great - never too batter-y or greasy, and is never a disappointment! Lemon & malt vinegar, and you are GOOD TO GO! I can't really give much pointers on anything else food-wise, 'cause I never cheat on good fish- but mum really likes their burgers. Bathroom is okay. It's up the stairs, which I thought was moderately different, but it wasn't gnarly or anything - that may have something to do with the fact it is frequented by females, not males. I've never had an issue with service, but I wonder if it's because they know me and mum by name (she works at the Chase Tower). We generally have the same waitress, though I've been horrible at remembering her name.  The decor is slightly normal I think for an Irish pub in Phoenix, and it's fairly dark. Don't go in with your head shoved up your... you know. It's a dive-y sort of place, so if you're expecting pristine parlour nonsense you may not enjoy it as much as a Bostonian who misses Irish pubs from back east.
We stopped here after getting a hotel in Downtown Phoenix. The bartender was very friendly and guided us on choosing a scotch from their extensive menu. I had an Ardbeg, and at $8 it wasn't a horrible price. Beers were good - I had a couple pints of some local Arizona beer as well.  This is truly a hole in the wall type place and is very comfortable. Vintage looking but not run down at all. Great service and welcoming environment. Plus, they actually enforce the no smoking inside which is great!  I would rate at 4.5 stars given the slightly expensive price, but I'll round to 5 just because Arizona is awesome.
Just ah. I'm not sure why some are raving about the fish and chips. I'm not expecting the quality of fish and chips I experienced in Ireland but I've been to pubs state-side who can do it a lot better than Sesamus McCaffrey's. The breading is very heavy and oily. You can tell they either came out of a bag and fried or a very heavy hand was used with a flour-based bredding. Beer batter makes for a lighter, crispier batter which is a fish and chips signature, and this dish doesn't fit the bill.  The potatoe skins wern't much better. Tasted out of a bag with some cheese and bacon bits (not real bacon pieces) thrown on top with a side of sour cream.  The tables felt really crowded together. The person's chair behind me was touching mine which made dinner awkward. Either the chairs were very low or the tables were high because I felt like I was sitting very low in relation to the table.   I will give them credit for a very nice server and having some local beers on tap. I would say skip the food and come here for a few beers.
Ive only ever been here for drinks, but its always been a good time.  Great selection of beer and libations.  And im still waiting to see the Seamus ghost....
Awesome Irish pub. Great pub food and pub atmosphere. Very reasonable prices.
Seamus was just one stop on my birthday pub crawl.  They play live Irish music, which I really enjoyed!  Very festive.   Our server was pretty nice and attentive.  I think the drinks were good, but to be quite honest, I don't really remember that much!  But we did spend a pretty long time there, so that says something!
Main course was great app was bad... The manager was not very interested in my opinion on app. Her comment was "well that's how we make them here. "
Great little bar down town.   They get oddly crazy busy just about every night of the week. I love living down town!   Their kitchen stays open late, midnight I think, they have great beers and cocktails, its a scotch drinkers dream, I couldn't even count then number of single malts they had up there behind the bar. I dragged the boyfriend in a few months ago and he is in heaven!  I love the down town feel for this whole in the wall-ish bar that has been around forever it seems.   Might be fun to have a few drinks then wonder over to the San Carlos hotel and get spooked. haha :-)
We had a chance to stop in while "killing some time" between a wedding and a reception. It was midday, so we had the bar almost to ourselves and the most awesome bartender. She took great care of us, fixing up some tasty drinks and serving some delicious bar food. I'm sure this place is hopping in the evening and I can see why! If you like great Irish fare, try this place out!
I go there often. Love the food. Love the atmosphere. Great beers & usually great service
We went on a Friday evening before a show at the Orpheum Theater. It was busy but that was to be expected. The service was good, the food was good, not stellar but certainly not bad, they did have the Bushmill's girls walking around with free shots which was a big plus. They also had strong bow cider on tap. This is pure WIN in my opinion.  Pros:  Good Food Good Service Fun environment  Cons: Obnoxious drunks (to be expected at almost any bar) Parking SUCKS but its down town what do you expect.
Love this place..  Now that some of the old bartenders are gone its great.. I always leave much more hammered than when I got there.. good thing I can walk home..
Fun little place. Hard to find parking so I like to take the trolley train thing (whatever it is called) to downtown. When we went, there were groups that were trying to get us to take their bus to go on a loop or to other locations (free of charge but a tip for the driver). We ran into a group that was doing a mustache party so it was awkward to be drinking next to someone with a Hitler stache. It was a mixture of rowdy bar-hopping groups and quiet little pockets in the bar where you could sit and talk if needed. Standard selection of Irish beers.
certainly fits the description of a "dive bar."  although, that's not entirely a bad thing.  I used to avoid this place because the service was horrible, but lately it has improved greatly.  fun place to hang out for happy hour.  Plus the Irish food is pretty good too (try the Sheppard's pie).
Great bar with awesome music and food. Service and food were pretty fast. We went right after a D-Backs game and even though it was busy it was really good.
Classic Irish bar in DTN Phx. I love Seamus because it just feels good walking in the doors. I've been her a few times and have enjoyed each experience. Good times!  On our last firm her I had the cajun chicken sandwich and my buddy had the classic corn beef. Both good but I have to admit that the I was jealous I didn't choose the corn beef. I'll be sure to have this on my next trip to Seamus!!!!
Awesome bar! One of the first bars I actually went to after turning 21 and now I constantly wanna go back. No matter what kind of mood I'm in I always feel comfortable and relaxed once I'm there.   They play good music and at a decent volume so I don't have to shout at the person sitting next to me. Some nights they have specials like $2 shots and what not.   Love going to Seamus with my friends, sitting in my usual seat, and hanging out for a good hour or five. I like that it's not crowded with a bunch of woo girls but is a much more mellow place.
Came here on a Friday night after a bike ride. As an Irish bar, there is a lot of whiskey on the wall, but they can make whatever you need. The food was a hell of a lot better than I thought it was going to be.  On the encouragement of the bouncer, I ordered the wings which were meaty but I've had better. What I should have gotten was the shepards pie. 2 of my friends got it, and it was VERY good. I'm going to go back, just get it on my own.  Lastly, this place dishes out cheap, strong drinks. Good place to get sauced before hitting a club.
As a rule, I hate (HATE) Irish pubs. I think the whole concept is tacky and treads on ethnic stereotypes that make me uncomfortable. We live next door to Seamus McCaffrey's and when we moved in, it was a good news / bad news situation: you live next door to a bar but it's an Irish pub. Oh well. We tried it, of course and have now stopped in at least once a week for a pint or two after work.  I can't speak to the food, but the bar is great for drinking. Plenty of seating at the long bar and a really nice selection of beers on tap (and reasonably priced too, especially if you go to the 3-6 happy hour). The really surprising part of this bar is the amazing selection of whisky. I have never seen a better variety of Scotch, Irish, and Bourbon. The other thing that is exciting about this great selection is that the prices seem to reflect availability and not necessarily cost (for instance, some of the one-off, independently bottled scotchs are pretty expensive, but Lagavulin 16 year is around $8 a glass!). Overall, a great neighborhood bar and worth stopping in if you want to grab a pint in downtown.
Somewhat of a dive but perfect for late nights after hitting downtown.   Careful for the death trap to and from the bathroom, those stairs have taken down many a drunk.
Seamus is there for every occassion in your life.  Maybe it's St. Patrick's Day and you are hankering for some corned beef and a guinness - GO!  Maybe you're watching a show at Orpheum - GO!  Maybe you go for a run every Thursday with your friends and are super sweaty and thirsty - GO! (and join our run club, don't be a fool and run alone).  Seamus McCaffrey's is an old, long and narrow bar (just like the Philadelphia bars I've come to love so much) that has strangely cozy dorm-room furniture.  Be warned: it is definitely a local bar.  If you went to high school here, expect to see a fellow grad.
Classic Irish Bar. The drinks aren't as stiff as I'd like, but well worth a visit. There are a lot of regulars that lay claim to the bar so you might get stuck with a table.
Hey just FYI, try the potato skins, nasty made with imitation bacobits! Frozen potato skins as well. Other food was predictable.good price.
Stayed at the hotel above the bar, so it was super convenient.  Prices were decent, bartenders were friendly, and food was typical bar food.  Had a great night, so this gets 4 stars instead of an average 3.
If this place were closer to my side of town it would be my usual spot. I'm a sucker for pubs, and this place has it going on.  So you like a chill spot... boom they got it So you like cheap drinks.. boom they got it So you like friendly people... boom they got it  The only thing that I saw that could be complained about... the bathrooms lol. Seriously dive/irish pub bars are known for really REALLY drunk people (not saying that what I saw here, just saying in general) and those stairs up to the bathroom and down to come back have to have had at least a small army of boozers piled at the bottom at one time... those things just look like a bad time is about to happen. But other than that Its a great place exactly what you would expect from a irish pub.. and I might be in love
This is a great Irish Pub, food is good, service is excellent and moderately priced. If you like a late dinner this is the spot for you. People are very friendly, environment is safe and I highly recommend this Pub.
Slow and unfriendly service.  Food is so so. Took 20 minutes just to get drinks.
I used to love this place when I lived down the street. I don't make it back too often these days, but I do remember some good times. Their food is consistent Irish Pub fare. It's most fun when they have a live band playing which brings out more of a bar crowd.
Low key establishment.  Its consistent so you usually know what you're in for.  Bar tenders are pretty cool - its the same hard working and nice young guys every time I go there (weekends).
Who would have known there's a good Irish pub in the desert! After my original flight got delayed, I finally arrived in PHX at 8pm. Hungry and slightly pissed that I lost a whole day of my vacation, I vowed to make a night out of it (at least not go straight to my place of lodging). Downtown Phoenix is a maze, not in a good way. Between the one way street, the split lane (due to light rail track) and limited parking, we finally parked at the Chase Tower parking garage (ended up being $6) and walked toward lights and sound.  I saw this place came with high marks on yelp, so while it wasn't topical for my desert vacation, I can't really say no to a good Irish pub.   First impression, great door/security guy.  He checked our IDs, introduced himself and the place (kitchen opens til midnight, drinks til 2am), and said let him know if we need a cab.   We sat ourselves, ordered a pint each ($5.50 for imperial pint, I had Smithwicks Irish ale) and wings and chips and gravy.  I asked for the gravy to come on the side, so I don't know if its normally drenched in it, but even if it is you won't mind, because that's AWESOME gravy!  A small hint of curry, savory, I would have licked the bowl (wait... I did lick the bowl).  Wings were ok, a little too saucy. And the medium has quite a kick.  Service was ok, waitress was a little absent at times but I was in no hurry.  My favorite part of the night was the live music. It's always nice to have an Irish band in an Irish pub. I don't know if it is typical of them to have an Irish live band, but I hope they do.   Solid joint even for a visitor who wasn't expecting a St Paddys take two.
This is just another trash bar in downtown. The service was so bad we did not even get past the first drink. Not only was the place dirty it smelled the way it looked. We decided to have a beer and play darts but, that was a mistake. They give us 6 of the same yellow darts which fall apart in your hand and act as though they are a gold. I went up to explain that we needed another dart cause they are falling apart one of the tips bounced somewhere in the bar. I was told not only am I not getting another dart but if I don't find the tip, I'm not getting my drivers license back. We immediately handed the darts back, demanded the license and left. There are much better places to spend your money.
The worse "Steak &Guinness Stout Boxty" -SUPER SALTY! The service, not attentive and outright dismissive.  Absolutely not a place to come back if you are trying to get a decent meal.   AVOID IT IF YOU CAN!
Good pub. Been here a few times and always seem to meet interesting people for some reason. Lucky me. Good times.
I work only a block or two away from Seamus and it is a great place to drink and eat after work. Beers are reasonably priced along with its food selection. If your a fan of Irish food I totally recommend their corned beef and cabbage, its outstanding with real soda bread to boot.  The only thing to avoid at Seamus is their fried appetizers, they have no taste. Service was quite prompt and friendly. Overall, a great place to hang out after work for a beer and a bite.
My friends and I had a great time here!   We stopped in for dinner and drinks because we were staying next do at the San Carlos Hotel.   The food was great!   I had the Patty melt and my friend had fish and chips.  They were delish!   The waitstaff was super helpful and friendly.  There was life music in the pub/restaurant too.
Seamus is fun. When I lived in Phoenix I went there all the time.
Maybe there is better, but after a long work week it was nice to go have a drink with some good people.  The service was quick and attentive and the waitress even informed us that happy hour was ending to see if we wanted to get one last drink order in.    Will definitely be back!  Black and Tan how I love you!.
Love the salads.
Ignore my previous review, I take it all back! Seamus is now one of my regular spots and I can't believe I ever thought less of this little corner of heaven, forgive me father for I have sinned.
upon entry it is immediately evident this is a 'pee anywhere' establishment, complete w/ pee pee scented pint glasses. stay away from the black & yellow.
Beth is the bomb-ass blonde whose Harlem-shake brings all the boys to the McCaffrey's yard. She serves booze, food and Weapons Grade sass. She also juggles chainsaws with her feet while doing prolonged handstands in a mini skirt. Dinner and a show?? What a deal!!!
Relaxed atmosphere. I ordered the fish and chips; my buddy ordered the steak and mushroom pie. Neither disappointed. Service was great. Our waitress was attentive and courteous.   I will most assuredly return to this fine pub!
Great little dive bar in a fun and convenient location to any downtown events!  The food was pretty tasty, even if we only tried the happy hour fare...wings are similar to the ones at the "owl" establishment.  Very bready...maybe too bready, but the sauce is super tasty!  Great selection of beers, too.  It's a pretty cozy and fun place.
This is the rowdy, no-holds-barred version of Rosie McCaffrey's. With a small bar, and a tiny stage, it's easily packed to the brim, with raucous customers slamming Irish Car Bombs to the beat of an Irish jig.   Nothing about the beer/liquor selection catches my eyes. The food is just plain old pub food. What it DOES deliver on is atmosphere, so if you're looking for that St. Patty's day vibe year-round, this is right up your alley.
BEST SHEPHERD'S PIE I'VE EVER HAD!  Service was slow because there was just one waiter to serve the full house. He was so nice, I felt bad for him! We will definitely be returning, great environment, they don't skimp on the alcohol, and I now have a constant aching for the shepherd's pie!
You can eat and drink as Irish as you please -or not, here.  A diverse menu, fresh, tasty food, good service.  A classy bar, a great place for St. Paddy's day or Cinco de Mayo.
Beware how much $$$ you give the bartender, likes to shortchange ya! Never that drunk that I don't know how much I am due back :(
This is a fun place to have a drink almost any night.  There is a very friendly vibe here.  It's not the kind of place you want to go if you are feeling antisocial.  And it's not the kind of place to go if you want to get rowdy.  I strongly disagree with the other review that said it's a rowdy crowd.  It's very friendly, open, and outgoing.  But "rowdy" would make it sound aggressive or violent, and I've never felt that vibe here.  If you sit outside or at the bar, you're going to end up chatting with people sitting next to you.  The staff is friendly, and usually pretty quick.  And the bartenders are always helpful, and willing to let you order things that other places might give you a hard time about (black and tan that's heavy on the black, or a mixed drink with any special instruction).  The bouncer is the coolest guy, but will not put up with anyone giving the staff or other customers a hard time.  If it weren't for him, I could see this place being rowdy.  He sort of sets the feel for the place, and does a great job.  It's not like he's never had to throw someone out, but he does and will the instant someone seems disruptive.  The live bands are usually good.  And when there isn't a band, the jukebox has a very wide range of music.  If you don't like what's playing, give it 5 minutes and you probably will like the next song.  And I've never had anything to eat here that I didn't think was great.  The thing I can think of that might be negative is parking.  But that's true of most places downtown Phoenix, so it doesn't really count against them.
A great place to grab a beer in Downtown. I've never had the food but I do enjoy a pint at the bar whenever I'm walking down in the area.
Love this place! Great bartenders, staff and great drinks. This place actually has character and the crowd is pretty fun- we made some great bar friends while we were here (the inexpensive drinks and beer concoctions helped in this friendship, no doubt).  It was pretty mellow when we came early in the night before a show we were heading to at the US Airways Center. The bartender was great- even gave us his personalized mini-map of the area with all his bar recommendations. Very cool! We came back after the show and it was rammed, but the staff was still friendly and we had hardly any wait at the bar, event though we were standing 4 people back.  Great place!
cold beer and tasty food served by timely servers on a cool patio, it doesn't get much better!
First off didn't stay here very long may be an hour or so, but seems legit. Cute college girls and full bar a plus, but a little run down. Appetizers (wings) were not very good. Drinks were on the soft side. Like the live band, and willing to give place another chance in the future
Just ate lunch here today and while the food was OK--but tending toward flavorless--I thought the service was rather brusque. Also they charge you $1 for a slice of bread if you want it. I get the charge, but at least toss in 2 slices of bread for a dollar.
Stopped in for some drinks with my boyfriend on Sunday afternoon. (I can't believe I haven't reviews this place yet.) If you like your bars dark and dank with interesting signage all over the walls and a healthy selection of Scotch and Whiskey, this is your place.  (I happen to prefer a dark bar so take this as a complement.)  After a few beers we ordered lunch.  I had the veggie burger with fries while my boyfriend ordered the chicken pot pie.  I hadn't been to Seamus' in a while and my veggie burger was better than I remembered.  The fries were exactly as I remembered.  (I love fries and steak fries are among my favorites right behind the super crispy shoestring variety.)   All of this was a great reminder of why Seamus McCaffrey's is one of my "go to" bars.
The atmosphere is cool but it just turned me off when the bartender made me fruity requested drink (his choice) that tasted like Purple Dimetapp. Half of it was Seltzer. And then charged me $9 for it! I was told this was a locals bar with great prices. The beers were like $6! Mixed drinks - total ripoff.
A favorite pub of mine. Cheap and strong drinks. Friendly staff and always a good crowd.
If you are a veteran, I ask that you do not spend your money here! Last night I sat and listened to some d-bags here committing blatant acts of stolen valor! When I punched holes in their stories, and said "get out of here, you're not a veteran," to one of them, the bartender bounced me. Then one of the patrons said the bouncer was a vet. When I asked him if it was true, he just gave me a blank stare. Seems he isn't, but is allowing people to think he is. Why are there so many posers in Phoenix?! I am hoping to get the VFW and Stolen Valor involved. Businesses should not be perpetrating this violation against veterans!  SSG M
Cool place. Totally dig the neighborhood pub vibe.  Unfortunately, the service is absolutely awful. The bartenders and waitresses are pretty rude and generally pretend like they didn't hear you when you've asked them three times for the same thing
This is the perfect place to finish up a night out. It's loud, it's cozy, it's cluttered. It's ideal for ordering one last plate of greasy fries as you sober up and prepare for a clumsy walk home. The service isn't always fast and the staff isn't always friendly, but overall the place is welcoming and easy to feel comfortable in.
We got here, probably around 11PM. The music was incredible (kudos to the Sea Merchants as well) The cocktails, particularly the 'Indecision' were spot on, and most importantly, the service was fantastic. Jessa put up with a lot, as there were a lot of us, but she took great care of us. The great service continued even after we left, as I checked back to find out what was in my new favorite cocktail, and Randy was happy to clue me in. I can't wait to find an excuse to be in Phoenix again to stop in and get a chance to order some food, as that all looked delicious. My only regret is not getting a t-shirt!
Great Fish and Chips.  Nothing better than haven them with a Pint of Guiness and a couple of fingers of Jamesons.
Propped up at the bar here with my sister last weekend - what a great time!  The jukebox had good tunes on, and everyone was singing along. The beer selection was pretty good, and there was plenty of whiskey (although they nearly ran out of Jameson's!)
Perched at the bottom of the classy Hotel San Carlos, this cozy little pub was quite inviting yesterday after a long day of walking and gawking at ComicCon.  Ginger beer + Jameson totally hit the spot - followed by their French dip which was superb.  For me, with a French dip, it's all about the bread and the au jus.  I assume you've got the roast beef figured out, and they did.  The bread was nice and fresh, and the au jus was spot on.  Far too many places don't stir their au jus before putting it in the cup, which leads to basically dunking your sandwich in bland broth... but theirs was great.  The ambiance is classy and the service was good, I look forward to a mini staycation at the hotel and will definitely be back.
it is still a great place to enjoy a casual drink. There is plenty of seating at the bar, as well as tables and booths. They serve typical bar food and traditional Irish food. This is also a good choice for lunch downtown occasionally.
Went here w my bro for my birthday. Loved it. Super casual, yummy beverage choices. Great crowd of weird people. (Seemed to be a costume event somewhere around town???) Anyways, it was a great way to go out, chill and have a couple of drinks for my bday. I will definitely go again! (Been trying to talk my fianc into in since we moved to downtown...) Also, GREAT music (nostalgic) and the other people were super kind and patient, considering how packed it was... Awesome atmosphere!
Order the Oatmeal Cookie, even though it's not baked in an oven.  And probably doesn't have oatmeal's heart-healthy effects.
It's a fun Irish pub/restaurant.  The food is decent.  Nothing to write home about.  It's on Mill Ave so you can expect a college crowd.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
It's the best Irish bar in Phoenix metro and certainly holds its own against Casey Moore's or the Bikini Lounge.  Rula Bula is large and well lit, with a large patio out back.  There's as many varieties of Irish beer as one can drink.  The real key to Rula Bula is the nooks.  Something that few bars have managed to do right in this town is nooks.  My favorite spot is just inside the front door, off to your right as you walk in.  I've spent many a night huddled with too many friends around the tiny table there.    There's a large stage that generally features good Celtic bands of one stripe or another.  Pints average five bucks a piece which is respectable enough for Mill Ave.    Rula Bula, without a doubt is the bar that reminds me most of my time in Galway with a happy, open atmosphere, plenty of room for chatting up strangers and nooks aplenty.
3 and a HALF stars  I really like the large patio in the back-definitely an older and not as rowdy in the annoying BroDawg screaming for no good-goddamn reason, but more bustling like friends come here to chill the fuck out. The way a good pub should be.  However-my dining experiences and some day experiences in the past have not been great AT ALL. I found the bartenders lacking that extra mile, esp. when there was hardly anyone in there and I was at the bar alone-in a real pub, that is an opportunity to chat a little bit. I don't mean I want to tell them my lifestory, but man...its a bit awkward! Also the veggie burger was lacking and became a mess all over my hands due to some mysterious fucking leaky ass sauce. So I couldn't recommend this place for a long while 'cause everytime I went, it left me disappointed and hollow. It was also the worst poured Guiness I had ever had, too.  BUT-the bartender out back was awesome and it is a good vibe (how hippy does that sound-damn, the west is changing me!), really spacious, huge beers at reasonable prices.
I'm not sure how it is that I've never been to Rula Bula.  Of course, I don't spend much time on Mill.   Friends suggested Rula Bula for drinks and snacks tonight.  I arrived to a completely dead place at 4 p.m.  I found my buddies on the large back patio.  The patio is great and so was the weather today.  Service was a little sketchy, but nothing major.  We did have to change tables after we got pooped on four times by the birds in the tree up above.    Happy hour on Sundays if from 4 to close.  $1 off drafts and well drinks.  Then the server announced that all apps were half price.  Not sure if that's a happy hour thing or not.    We had a few things to share.  Here are the results.  The lemon shrimp app was pretty good -- a cold shrimp dish, which we weren't expecting since it didn't say that on the menu.  And the smoked salmon plate with cukes, onions and capers.  A steal for $4!  The salmon was good and went well with the soda bread.  We also shared a Shepherd's Pie.  The meat was good and it wasn't too greasy or running.  Just right!  I'll be back to try more tasty offerings.  Slainte!
I was here on a rainy afternoon to meet up with a friend for a beer and some fish and chips, though I've never been in here at night.   That said, the fish and chips were money. As they should be. If an authentic Irish pub can't serve some solid fried fish filets, I lose quite a bit of respect for it.   The service was fine, but it's a little hard to guage from only seeing it one time during a slow afternoon. We sat outside undercover for a bit after we finished lunch and it has potential to be a great hangout area.   If I'm around Mill on St. Patty's, I will definitely be around Rula Bula.
actually really like this place, but rarely come here. probably cause it's on the Mill "strip" and just about everything else there is not like this place at all.  this is a fairly large pub complete with brass accented bar and hardwood floors. the food is super English/Irish with Shepard's Pie and other "meat and potatoes" fare. not cheap, but it's unique and good, so it's worth it.  there is live music every weekend, and possibly during the week, too. i think weekends after 10 they start charging a cover, but it's only like $3. it can get really loud inside, especially with the live music, but thankfully, there's a huge outdoor courtyard area with a bar, which is where i spend my time there.  the crowd can be college, but not obnoxious college, it's a laid back crowd of students and older folk, too. the place can get pretty busy during the semester, and sometimes the wait at the bar is frustrating.  all in all, it's a cool place, especially among all the other trashy, club-like places that abound in that area. i only knock off a star for the terrible indoor acoustics and bar service during peak hours, which can't really be helped anyway.
The last time we (me and my drinkin' buddy) were here, it was: - Spring break - In a college town - During March Madness - During Spring Training - On...  St. Patrick's Day.  Talk about quintuple witching hour.  Oh myfuckinggoditwasoffthehook.   We walked in at 7:30 p.m. after moving hotels from a tragedy to something nice. 7:30 p.m. remember. There were people there drinking since 10 a.m., and looked every bit of it.  Yeah, the service sucked. The service has always sucked here.  But they have a great drink menu (come on, it's an Irish pub), the food is top notch, as talked about by the guy who's my friend and his parents are from England, and he knows something about fish and chips. Not the crappy fish and chips that most "English" pubs have, but the flaky kind this place and real English pubs do.  The sheperd's pie is also top notch, and so is the stew. Every time I've been here, they've had some band, sometimes it's too loud, but it's all part of the fun.
Before I begin, I would like to point something out to the Yelpers of Tempe, Az-  All of the Guinness in the United States is imported from Ireland.  Yes, there are other breweries outside of Ireland, but America only receives Guinness from Ireland.  So, it stands to reason, that Rula Bula would, indeed, have imported-from-Ireland Guinness. That is nothing special.   However, the two times I've been to Rula Bula, the Guinness was poured well (one server even attempted the shamrock in the head... she didn't quite succeed, but she was new and it was the effort that counts).  Also, the food it super yummy!  I can't wait to drive back to Arizona in a few weeks, just so I can have the whiskey bread pudding again! It is the stuff of dreams and nightmares... nightmares only because I'm always too full to eat it all- but it's always too delicious to stop eating it!
Luckily I came here in the summer, so I've missed all the frat-guy chodes.    I love me some Irish pubs, but somehow Rula Bula is lacking.  I can't really place it.   It's nowhere close to feel that emanates from Rosie McCaffreys, Casey Moores or Dubliners.   At those places you can't mistake the environs.  I think Omer is right on re: the lighting, ceilings and decor here.  I really like the fish and chips here - especially the quarter inch think round potato chips.   Paired with a pint of Harp, and I was a happy camper.   Service was ok - neither fast nor quick.  But after the second beer, the server brought out the check before asking if we'd like another.  wtf?
While I love the fact that there's an Irish pub on Mill Avenue, I have to agree with Stevey P. when he says that it's missing something. I've been to Irish pubs all over the Valley and Rula doesn't exude that same warmth that Chandler's Fibber Magees does or  the free-spirited feel of Phoenix's Seamus McCafferys or the Cheers-vibe of Casey Moore's.  And the bar's food has never really wowed me. But if you want something different then the usual "Girls Gone Wild" bars that line Mill Avenue, this is your place. You won't see guys doing body shots off the girls. And you can get a mean Black Velvet.
It's not Casey's.  It's just not.  Not even close.  If you can get past that.  I think the food is better.  Guinness pours are on par with Casey's, and they have live music.  Sometimes it's even good! I like live music.  They have a back patio which is way smaller than Casey's and has no Blarney Stone.  The front area is too bright and too clean but they do have some cute stuff up on the walls.  It's a great place for drinking when it's not crowded.  St. Patricks at Rula is what's the word? Oh yes. Insane.  I have never made out with a girl in the bathrooms here.   I haven't decided if that's because Rula is too classy or I'm too classy.  Perhaps a bit of both.
I admit, I like this place. In a town like Boston, or NYC, this would be 2 stars, but in Phoenix, it's one of the few Irish pubs you can go to, that is somewhat authentic (authentic meaning Guinness owns these, and Guinness is made in Ireland, so hence this is an Irish pub) .   It feels like home, from the Boston bartenders, to the Red Sox fans that seem to flock there. The prices are good, the food is surprisingly good, and they have a great staff. They have live music on the weekends, with a small cover, and bartender selected music the other nights( which can be terrible, depending on who is spinning). The patio is really quaint and secluded from Mill St.  When it's not hots as nuts out most people hang out here. They do have misters, so don't wear your glasses outside if it's misty season. My only problem, is one of location. Mill St. for the post college folk, can be annoying. You have a lot of options in the terms of bars, but this is one of the few worth going into. It seems to attract and older crowd, and  the ASU students that are mature and just looking to chill. It's mellow and not college-y at all. (new word) If you like the Irish Pub feeling, this place is rather cool.
Rula Bula is a really fun place.  I like the crowd, the music (reggae cover band) was great, and nothing is overpriced.  Our server was extremely friendly as well.  The Irish chips are soooooooooooo good!
I like Rula Bula, but I am not sure I will ever love it.  It's a nice change of pace and scene from the rest of Mill.  The happy hour is good, but only goes until 6:30. What is up with that? I can barely make it to happy hour by 7, so ending at 6:30 really sucks.  Most of the food is unimpressive and not extremely memorable...the baked brie appetizer is about the only item on the menu that is worth ordering.  I dig the live music-it reminds me of the pubs we went to when we vacationed in Ireland this summer.  However, Rula Bula as a whole really lacks the intimacy of pubs in Ireland and if you are inside on a weekend night while a band is playing, forget having a conversation with whoever you are with unless you want to shout or are standing close to the door.  The outdoor patio is nice when you want to escape from inside.  The service is a bit slow and is really lacking at times.
I would probably frequent this place is I lived in Phoenix...well more likely if I was a student in Tempe.   The inside and the outside are very large so it didn't give me that 'I feel so crowded that I can't breathe, touch me and die' feeling.  Usually I don't like Irish pubs because they tend to feel like caves but this one was quite the opposite.   The bartenders were all friendly and prompt.  Everyone there seemed to be having a good time.  There was even a live band which was Irish music.  When the band wasn't playing the music they had going was all pretty decent rock stuff.   My only complaint was the immense amount of cigarette smoke.  I guess it's my own fault for sitting outside...but it seemed like everyone there was smoking all at the same time and blowing it all in my direction.  Oh and also, the bathroom was pretty small for such a big place.   Anyways...  cool place.
There's not much more I can say about Rula that hasn't already been said. Except, I guess, I can tell you why I like this place. I like it for two glorious words: HAPPY + HOUR.   Yes, those two words matters so much to me. Rula offers 1/2 off all appetizers and discounts on pints. What could be better? I say try the brie, for it comes with an unbelievable apple chutney. If you're looking to split an entree with a friend, opt for the lamb stew - served with a side of soda bread. The stew is hearty and the serving is huge. I've also had the shepherd's pie, which was pretty tasty. Way too large for one person, though.   Also, I discovered that Rula can make ya a Raspberry or Chocolate Guinness. I don't know how either tastes, for I went with a plain (but satisfying) pint. I asked to sample the concoctions, but was told Rula doesn't let people sample liquors. Fair enough.   If I could change one thing about this place (ok, maybe more than one thing), I'd have a larger beer selection - even sold by the bottle. I'd also make it less noisy and crowded at night. If you don't get there early enough to stake your spot, you're likely to be standing the entire time. That doesn't make for a very comfortable experience. Word to wise: take advantage of Rula's casual atmosphere and leave your ridiculously high heels at home.  It's great that Rula offers live music. I wish they offered more. Sure, the outside patio is great, but what if I'm in the mood to play darts? I guess I'll have to go to another bar for that... and for the beer I'm really craving.  WORD TO NON-MEAT EATERS: Try their veggie burger thingy - with mushrooms, peppers and such all heaped between two soft and delicious pieces of bun. Yum. It comes served with fresh, crispy and DIVINE 'tator wedges. These ain't your normal french fries, people. I STILL have cravings for them!  Rula Bula's food deserves 5 stars!
Rula Bula is the Mike Piazza of Irish pubs.    You see, back in 1988, Piazza was the LAST player drafted by the LA Dodger in the 62nd round.  The 1390th pick overall.  One-fucking-thousand-three-hundred-and-ninetieth.  And many say that even THAT was a stretch and purportedly done as a favor from his childhood friend and Dodger manager Tommy Lasorda.  But Mike got to the majors and kicked some major ass to become the best slugging catcher ever and a 12-time All Star.  And that is the same story of how our little Irish spot on Tempe's Mill Ave came to the Bigs and started wrecking shop.  A number of years ago, when it started, it was a pretty drab, boring place.  Then they got their shit together, hosted some Irish folk bands, and renovated their backyard.  They started distancing themselves from frat bar to autonomous Irish pub and improved their drinks selection.  Then, they revealed these out-fucking-standing fish and chips combo which slotted them for the All-Stars of little-pub-who-could, underdog perseveres status.   Give me Varitek and his Irish pub up in Beantown, and I'll put Rula up against his without blinking.  Rula is THAT good.
There's a lot we like about Rula Bula. Hubby adores the Boxty selections, and even gets a little miffed when other Irish places do not serve them. Last time we went, we decided to try items we had not had before, so we opted to share the Fisherman's Platter (with 4 shrimp, 2 pieces of fish, and 1 scallop and chips) and the Irish Mac & Cheese with Rashers (bacon pieces). The Mac was not as stellar as I hoped, but that didn't stop us from finishing the dish. It needed a bit more seasoning, I think. The Platter was good, but the standout for us both was the chips- 1/4 inch slabs of potato cooked to perfection and sprinkled with salt and pepper. The coleslaw was also the way I like it-crispy, and not too sweet. The meal also came with two types of Irish soda bread and a side salad, which made a very nice lunch the next day, as we were completely stuffed from the dishes we shared. Service was attentive, and the prices are fair. We'll be back for the boxty, for sure.
Rula Bula!  No, I'm not speaking Caveman, I'm talking about the coolest spot to hang on Mill Ave.  The outside looks unassuming with the yellow and white. Once you walk in, it looks like a quaint little restaurant. Until you step outside into the back patio. Then the true Rula Bula experience begins!  The back patio has a full bar that curves around back to the right. The patio is filled with tables and chairs that are filled with a wide variety of people, from the young, hot co-eds that go to ASU to the 9-to-5ers who are stopping in after work to the older-yet-hip crowd that still likes to get together in their 40s and 50s.   The greatest thing about this place is that even though it is busy, it's not impossible to get a drink at the bar. As long as you take care of your bartenders and be respectful, they'll come back and take care of all your drink needs.  Needless to say, we all left quite happy.  Definitely one of my stops when I come back to AZ!
FOOD: After several nights of liberal boozing at Rula Bula, I just ate here for the first time today. The fish and chips are amazing!! Not only is the cod great, but the chips are the best I've ever had. The menu offers other popular Irish courses, too. The beer selection isn't the greatest, but they do have a couple good choices.   PRICE: The dishes are decently priced, but the beer is relatively expensive. A pint was $5.50.   ATMOSPHERE: This place is covered in wood on the inside, giving it that authentic pub ambiance. But at this time of year (spring), you gotta eat outside under an umbrella in the courtyard out back. It doesn't get much better than eating delicious fish and chips, sipping on a pint of brew in warm weather with friends. At night, it can be a fun, lively place to party. On the weekends, not sure which night, they have live bands playing. Cover will be $2 on these nights.   SERVICE: Great staff  SKINNY: Rula Bula is a double threat! I've been having great times at Rula Bula at night, and just had an even better time chowing down during the day. Best fish and chips in Tempe. Decent bar with great atmosphere. I'm making this my fish and chips haven!  Here's to a long life and a merry one. A quick death and an easy one. A pretty girl and an honest one. A cold beer--and another one!
2 stars for the fat smelly man who is ALWAYS there inside when I'm there (and who I constantly end up walking past all night) 5 stars for the fabulous patio 4 stars for the crazy, cute Irishmen my girlfriend and I stupidly offered a ride back to their hotel  1 star for the crazy Irishmen who wouldn't get the fuck out of my car 5 stars for the time my girlfriend made a paper towel "scarf" in the bathroom and paraded around the patio all night  Average that up?  3.5  (Total guess...you do the math.  I'll give the benefit of the doubt and round to 4)
Came here for a drink with a friend and a group dinner.  So many drink options at the bar and my favorite cider was on hand.  =)  There is an outdoor patio in the back that we had reserved all to ourselves.  There is a bar out here as well so you won't be empty handed for long.  Since it was highly recommended on Yelp and by our server, I ordered the shepard's pie.  I kept thinking of the Friends episode when Rachel tried to make a trifle and made a trifle/shepards pie.  This was nothing like that and was very yummy.  Brussel sprouts were served on the side which I could have lived without.  We also ordered potato skins which went very well with my drink.  Great spot.  Great service.  I definitely come back again.
We love the Irish inspired pub themes, and Rula Bula is a great place to get that. My husband and I usually order a salad each and 1 Fish and Chips plate then split it because the portion is very large. The Fish and Chips comes with tartar sauce and malted vinegar if you like it that way. It is a great dish to drink with a Guiness!  Nestled in the heart of Tempe, when you feel like getting a little culture down on Mill, Rula Bula fits the bill for both food and fun.
This isn't a 'just went to this place once' review - it's a 'been going to this place for years' review. Just thought I'd clarify that before getting into it. Rula Bula rocks. It was actually my first culinary experience when I moved to the valley 7 years ago. I was skeptical, as Irish pubs don't typically have a great deal to offer vegetarians (which I was at the time... now I eat fish, which opens up the menu a bit), but Rula Bula's got a few really tasty veggie options, including veggie potato skins, vegetarian shepherd's pie (that's right - never seen that anywhere else, and oh so delicious), and the four-cheese grilled sandwich. I prefer to go for lunch or dinner, as the place gets a little college kid crowded rowdy the later it gets. Yeah, I know - I'm old.
This place is expensive and the food sucks.The corned beef was cold and looked like it had been sitting out all day. It is like an Irish TGI Fridays.
Best Irish Pub in Tempe.  Usually has Live entertainment on the busy nights.  It is super pricey, so I would suggest pregamming it at the house or a dive before you make a night out of this place.  Happy hour is a smokin deal for food, which is excellent by the way.  Hit up the fish and chips or any of your Irish faves...
I have yet to find a better fish and chips this side of the Atlantic ocean. Pair it with a Guinness, and you'll be in heaven. Corned beef ain't bad either, although it's not particularly lean (yes, I know, it's an Irish restaurant!).  Good for lunch meals (since it's usually not packed at lunch), as long as you plan on not being able to think very clearly for the rest of the day. ; )  Update #1: I asked an Irish friend of mine for his "take" on Rula Bula's. I didn't want to lead the Yelp community astray... He says it's the best Irish food in town! So, I guess you can take that to the bank.  Update #2: A friend and I were dining at Rula Bula's when a patron behind us starting choking. I gave the heimlich a whirl, but not having the best upper body strength, stepped aside when the professional help arrived (first a very nice cook and then perhaps a manager?). Anyway, heimlich was successful, and everyone went home safe and sound (after eating the rest of the meal, of course). Hey, that's cool. I like eating at a place that's not afraid to save a life or two... Oh, the meal was good too ~ lamb stew for my friend and corned beef for me. ; )
I'd give them five stars if the servers weren't crabby ALL of the time and the bathrooms weren't a mess. And by mess I mean the t.p. dispensers are broken, some doors don't have locks, and they smell bad.   Otherwise, the food is awesome and all of the beer offerings are, too. I've had a few of the sandwiches, and the fish are chips are my favorite--big fish, great batter.  I hate that some establishments feel like, "we're unique and in high demand, so just deal with our shitty service and amenities." BUT I still come here and they know I will. Damn them.
My ex was 100% Irish and as the dutiful wife, I spent a lot of time learning the ins and outs of Irish Cooking. Well that relationship ended years ago, but my love affair with good Irish cuisine has never faded.   There are a few things on the menu that are a bit Americanized, however there are some stellar examples of this simple yet tasty food.  *As Kerstin M. says, their Boxty selections are always solid. The Beef and Guinness is wonderful, but the daily offerings are sure to please as well.  *The Bangers and Mash is a wonderful combination of their handmade Irish sausage with Ulster Champs (think lumpy mashed potatoes with green onion and herbs... one of my personal favorites).  *The Guinness and Onion Soup is fabulous. I crave this in the winter months and have actually tried substituting Guinness for Brandy when I make the stuff at home! It's a nice twist on the traditional French Onion; melty cheese dripping down over the sides of the crock. *Once I was there and they were serving traditional Colcannon which is mashed potatoes with kale or cabbage and some additional spices. I can't remember if this was around Halloween, but they had the little "prizes" inside and everything (thankfully the waiter warned us). But what fun!!!  Remember to get your fix of fresh Soda Bread and if you are like me, wash it all down with a couple of pints and Black and Tans!  I've actually held several work events here and as they aren't quite as busy for lunch, they are the perfect destination for something a little different (normally they don't take reservations, but I've never had a problem with calling ahead and making arrangements for my group).  Rula Bula has a few detractors, but I say to them Pg mo thin! and slinte as I order another round!!!
Rula Bula was really really fun.   The outside patio was SUPER packed...I was pushing people out of the way just to walk inside. The inside was empty...must have just been that kind of night. The band playing inside was really great, they played some old Journey and such. We left as soon as people started fighting on the patio...  Go here for a rowdy time!
My wife and I meet for lunch here at least once a week. My favorite foods are fish and chips and Irish Steak Salad. Ice tea is great too. Particularly great during the winter when you can sit out on the patio.
Being of Irish decent, and having toured Ireland in the 80's, this doesn't make my list of good Irish pubs. The atmosphere is nice, I'll give them that.  Although they tout that the bar itself was made in Ireland and imported to that location, it looks nothing like the bars I saw in Ireland. Go there for the alcochol is my recommendation.  Guiness is Guiness no matter where you get it.  I thought the food was lousy. I had the Shepherd's Pie, and I sent it back. The pub does occupy a good location on Mill Avenue, so if you don't like it, you don't have to walk far to find someplace else.
Nice incarnation of an Irish pub.  The bar is basically two large rooms which is subdivided to give you that cosy feeling.  They have a large, back, outdoor patio complete with it's own full-service bar.  Great place to hang out on a beautiful night!    The Shepherd's Pie entree was so good, I had to return the next night to have it again as I am from out of town.  Both times they were excellent.  Also, the Irish soda bread (basically, homemade, white bread made with baking soda instead of yeast, and they add raisins) was fantastic.  I don't remember the music on the patio the first night , but on my return, they were playing Van Morrison inside--which I could listen to all night.  I went there on Thursday and Friday night.  No live music either night.  I had heard they have live music but unless I am blind and deaf.... Friday was pretty crowded, but with a good crowd.  Also, it is a little bright inside for an Irish pub.  C'mon people, turn the lights down:  we are drinking and trying to relax, and we're probably not gonna look that hot anyway after 3 or 4 Guinnesseseses--which, by the way, were delicious @ Rula Bula! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/utoTa3Ngv_oSfB5TIMgN_Q?select=U1IbIb_HFj_VxJYxf1t2ZQ
whether out back on the patio or in the bar.  It is fun. great college bar. Irish of ourse which means... people are getting drunk!   Tuesday night they have the open mic which is my style and as long as the place is not packed to the gills anynight RulaBula is a great place to make a new friend :)
My favorite bar in Tempe.  You can never go wrong here.  Have the fish and chips to eat.  Have many servings of delicious Smithwick's.  Have Jameson.  Lots and lots of fun even when it's a bit crowded on the weekend.  Just show up a bit earlier on Friday and Saturday.
Great location.  Decent food.  Okay alcohol selection.  It is no Fibbermagee's.  It's not what I would call authentic Irish pub, but its a fun commercial knock off.  Better than most selections on Mill Avenue.
wow, was i pleasantly surprised at this little place. i initially thought it was just a pub, but on top of a lengthy bar, it also had some choice seating for restaurant patrons. reportedly, they know how to serve a thick beer and every great import is on tap. as luck would have it, i happened upon this place while there was a very talented live band that made it possible to watched the Irish jiggers do their... uh... jig. it was pretty crowded and my party of six couldn't find a seat anywhere.  the place was overrun by overly-euro looking men, all in their 6'5" frames and no shorter. my Mexican friend was the only distinctly American-looking person in the place. the place had such great ambiance that we stayed until last call. Honestly, this place is a jewel on Mill Ave.
Can't go wrong with shepherd's pie and a Guiness.
Boxty, boxty, boxty.   How tasty and wonderful yet simple... It's just a thick potato pancake wrapped around some scrumptious filling like guinness braised beef or broccoli and cheddar. This is my uncle's favorite place to eat when he's in town (he's VERY PICKY and likes simple stuff and not too many veggies), and every time I bring someone there they really enjoy it. I love the cozy pub feel on the inside, and if it's a nice day it's great to have outside seating as an option too.
Stop #1 for the Light Rail Pub Crawl was Rula Bula... at least for me - and it was my first time there!  I was with my mother-in-law-to-be (Joan M), and upon making our way to the back patio, we were welcomed by a huge group of yelpers.  Great back patio by the way.  I had a Stella and Joan an Irish coffee...  Kate was our server and handled our group well - she did a good job considering so many peeps arriving at different times and paying separately.  Only one discrepancy that I overheard but it wasn't too big a deal...  The bathroom was pretty filthy and the TP was out in one stall while the door wouldn't shut on another - not a fan of nasty bathrooms in restaurants.  Enjoyable pub atmosphere and convenient location on Mill Ave just off the Light Rail.  Although we didn't eat during our visit, I was impressed with the selection on the menu and based on the positive reviews that came before mine, I would totally be open to returning to eat sometime.  I'll update then!
I have been to Rula Bula quite a few times and cannot really remember anything memorable about it, so I was a little concerned selecting it as the starting place for my groups pub crawl. I was actually really pleasantly surprised with the outcome despite a few less-than-desirable things.   The patio area was a great choice. Plenty of room to accommodate our large crowd, both smokers and not. They also have Strongbow, which made me happy (just wish Amanda could have been there to share a glasss!!!)   There was an incredibly drunken guy sitting at the bar who was loud and obnoxious. It took a little too long for the bartender to kick him out.   As Gabi mentioned in her review, the bathrooms were pretty gross and certainly not maintained throughout the day.   As for food, I had the cheese and tomato sandwich on wheat with the potato fries. I was pleasantly surprised by my food and I really loved those little tasty fries. Yum!   Our server was able to accommodate all of us Yelpers pretty easily, although I ordered at the bar.   Overall Rula Bula is okay... but I certainly would never plan my evening around it.
Rula Bula has some really great pros but they are outweighed by one major con. The patio is awesome, the music is not too loud so its great to go with a group and hang out and have a conversation while drinking, I love it. I also think their prices are reasonable and the selection of beer and whiskey is good too. My major point of contention is having to pay cover, yes I know the last time I went I only had to fork over two dollars, but that just makes me ask "why two dollars? do they really need to shake me down for the extra few bucks?" I hate paying cover to frequent an establishment Here is an idea, why dont I start a restaurant and just to walk in the door I charge 10 bucks. Ohhhh?? Thats crazy you say? Then bars need to stop this insane practice. (exception is bars doing a crazy drink special like penny bladder busters or a band is playing, a real band, I am not referring to the mediocrity I have seen at rula bula in the past)
Great food, great service, great location.
It was a quiet night in the Bula, friendly greeting from the hostess team. A pleasant red hair Irish lass showed us to our table.  At first seating we were put into an empty corner, our waiter Robby was happy to have us. He gave a crisp recommendation for the combo app's. Robbie my man, good call. Wings, skins, fish and yummy dippings, ranch, sour cream and tartar. Loved the frosted beer glasses, not your typical bar glass, really liked it.  We had an eclectic parade of people sitting in our section, week day, early evening probably has a different feel than other times.  Robbie made another good call on sword fish & halibut recommendations. We really liked his humor and repartee. Nice job Robbie!
If I have to choose a bar on Mill Ave. to goto, I goto Rula Bula. They've got a good selection of beer, food, and plenty of space to chill. I can look past the $2 weekend cover, because I guess compaired to some of the 10-25 dollar covers I've experienced while living in AZ, this ain't so bad.    Sometimes (forgot which days) they have nice live music here. There's a couple that comes in and one of them plays the fiddle really well (They have other non-irish performers as well). I still say they should get somekind of Irish/Celtic jukebox that continiously plays Irish drinking songs or something. I mean, it would be a big improvement on the random mix of hip-hop/techno they do play (when their radio is actually working). I guess asking for more Irish music in an "Irish pub" is pretty silly of me.
This was a very bizarre land of contradiction. It really seemed unclear as to whether this was supposed to be a bar that served food and had bands, a restaurant that had douches and band, a venue that also had food, etc.   They then told us we could sit at the only table there, or not. They were still serving food, no they weren't yes they were.  Maybe it was our bad for going for dinner, but what was the cover for? The alleged entertainment certainly didn't earn it.    Food was ok, i suppose, as long  the other choice was Chef Boyardee, The staff was oblivious, over loaded, and disorganized. The whole experience reminded me why I was skeptical to begin with.
A friend of mine plays there on Mondays...so we wanted to surprise him and go watch him play.  So I called about 3pm to find out what time he goes on.  Here's how the conversation went:  Me: **ring ring** Rula: This is Steve Me: Hello is the Rula Bula Rula: Yeah Me:  I was just wondering what time Shelby goes on tonight? Rula: I don't even know.  Probably 9, 9:30, 10 Me: Can you get me someone who can find out? Rula: No, there are no managers here. (He hung up at this point)  I don't know about you, but that was not customer service at all.   So I waited an hour, called again.  This time got a girl.  I knew she would be better then the last guy cause she answered the phone..."Thank you for calling Rula Bula.  How can I help you."  Much better then, "This is steve".   She told me exactly what time Shelby went on and let me know that they serve food til 10p.  So we got there about 8:30p.  Ordered drinks and food.  Was enjoying ourselves until the server came over and told us she was going to have to close our tab because she was leaving.  That is one of my biggest pet peeves, when I am forced to close my tab cause that person wants to go home.  Why can't my tab just be transfered to someone else?    So we're enjoying music and the bartender comes to clear our glasses and my friend ask her if he could have another stella.  She doesn't say anything and just walks away.  15 mins later we're looking for her to find out about the stella, we make eye contact with her from our table and motion for the stella.  She points to the end of the bar.  Apparently she served it when we ordered it and then just left it at the bar and never said anything to us.    I used to like hanging out at Rula Bula, but it seems that lately it's gotten expensive and the service has gone to shit.  I don't know why they tell you that the pints of beer at $4.50, when they are actually $5.50.  I won't go back anytime soon.  I'll stick to Fibbers and The HatRack Pub.
umm yea. there is nothing all that great about the Rula  i was here with my BFF (yea like a teenage girl, lol) cause we was bored and figured get out of the spot.  we took the train up to mill already half toasted on a couple cans of Mickies in thirstbuster cups care of Circle K. (heart) circle K kay..! ya know.  anyways so walked up and down mill scoffing at the people looking to get fucked up. i blew up AmyD on the cell saying we would catch up with her at the sets or yucca tap room...  ended up walking back to the Rula and grabbed a couple drinks. umm. yea. this place isn't really great or anything.  just kinda like all the rest of the "bars" on mill. just irish stylized. i've been here plenty of times before and never thought to myself..."wow what a great irish bar". meh. it's kinda like a themed college bar and nothing more. oh well. grabbed a couple blue moons and bizounced. threw a middle finger to mill as we jumped on the "trolly" and busted ass back to PHX screaming "602"
Formerly a favorite, definitely gone downhill.  Primarily due to managers who seem to feel like they are doing you a favor by allowing you to spend your money, and oh yes, its a lot of money.  You want a real Irish Pub, go to Casey Moore's and skip the attitude
Seems like there is a bunch of folks on here that got a wedgie just before they went in, maybe a trip to Sensations before your next visit?  It's just next door!  This place is an excellent excuse of an Irish Bar.  It is too big and airy for the Pub name.  To be fair, I do avoid this place on Fri and Sat nights, most of the other nights though it is a great, fun place to hang out.  They often have music, you can check the internet for details (sic).  One of my favorite aspects of this place is that inside and the back porch are two completely different feels.  I really like both, but prefer the porch at night unless there is good music.  Very chill and same stuff on tap and plate  The drinks here are expensive, but not necessarily over-priced.  The Guiness is thicker here, I think it is the imported kind.  They have an excellent selection of liquors, especially whiskey.  Their prices are better for expensive Irish Whiskey than other bars in the valley.   The food I've had is fusion Irish and very good.  The Beef and Guiness Boxty is heavy and delicious.  The salads are inventive.  Snacks are also good and high quality, the Irish Chips come with two great sauces and are a great snack over many drinks.  Go on a Thursday or Sunday night for dinner and drinks.  I think there is an open mic on Tuesdays
when i first walked in i had to honestly contimplate whether i could stomache the atrocious stench of the place... it smelled like an old molded book. and then my husband and i recieved no attention by any staff members... we felt awkward being there.  long story short we went to darcy mgees and we were so glad we did.
Aside from an Irish Pub in Illinois, this has one of the best Sheppards Pie that I've ever had. They have fantastic service, good craque (atmosphere) and good music.
I've been to better, much better, pubs in my lifetime with much better atmosphere and attitudes, but... It's good when you need what they have. I have to agree that it has certainly lost a little of something in the past few years, but Rula Bula still seems to make decent fish & chips, shepherd's pie and boxty (their self-proclaimed specialty). It's on Mill, so if you're there during the weekend afternoons, expect kids. Lots and lots of kids. I like kids. I teach kids. I don't want to see kids when I go to a pub or bar. I especially don't want to see kids when I'm in Tempe sitting on the patio enjoying a smoke and a beer. But hey, it's Tempe. It's Mill on a Saturday afternoon, what the heck should I be expecting, right? Pretty much the only reason I care to come here anymore is the food (or because my mom still loves it and wants to meet up for lunch). It could use a "new coat of paint," so to speak, though. And by that I mean they should try to rough up their image a little, lower their prices and stock more (better) beers.
Great selection of Irish whiskies, good sandwiches.  We ate there a couple times during a week long visit in Tempe, and it became my favorite place in the whole town.  I got to sample an early '50s Bushmill, which was very mellow, but good.
I hadn't been to RulaBula for a while for lunch thinking it was pretty expensive and while its not cheap, they seem to have organized their menu a bit better for lunch time.  We were able to get in today without a wait even though there was a street fair of some type going on right in front of the place on Mill ave.  I had the special which was an open face pot roast sandwich which was very filling for $9.25.  I have always enjoyed my lunches there and will definitely go again.
After living in Tempe for 18 months and making more trips to Rula Bula than I can count on one hand, I figured it was time for an update. I'm still not wowed by the food - baked brie and the chips w/Killarney Sauce are the only two items I will order because they are both really good.   The outdoor patio is awesome. I've always had fast service and even though it does get crowded at night, I never feel super cramped. The only thing I didn't appreciate was before an ASU football game a few months ago, I wasn't allowed to order two drinks at the outdoor bar because they were both going to be for me. Apparently that wasn't allowed - lame. Indoors is still a lot of fun especially due to the live music. Bar service inside is fast for me, but that's probably because some of the bartenders recognize me from how much I frequent Rula Bula.  I'm bumping Rula Bula up to four stars because I always have a good time drinking there with my husband and friends. Plus we always meet interesting people and have fun stories when we leave. Go for the drinking and music, not for the food.
Ahh-yes. You either get it.... or you don't.   Rula Bula is one of the BEST, and most genuine places to hang in the Tempe/S Scottsdale area. The food is always there- and it's surprisingly good Pub fare, but what this place sells most successfully is soulful ambience, a down-to-earth yet diverse  crowd, interesting live music, a gorgeous patio, and a cool-as-hell waitstaff. That's the hook.  It's the kind of place where women get up and dance to live music because they're actually moved to "get down". Not that there isn't a little frontin' and narcissistic booty-shaking going on, but it feels very balanced and chill, because everyone else is either lounging in beat-up  wooden booths, hanging out in a laid back fashion on the patio, or tucked away in an intimate corner somewhere.  It's also a place where alot of people pass through on their way to somewhere else for the evening, and is nestled against an upscale hotel- so if you're into people watching, there are always fresh faces. The staff is very cool and keeps things on the upbeat overall. It's a great time, and cool place to meet other cool people. .
I loved the beer garden here!  My girlfriend and I met up with some friends here during a coast-to-coast road trip.  It was our first time in Tempe, and a good time it was!  We got to the bar just as it was starting to get busy on a Friday night.  Our intentions were to have one drink and then go back to our hotel to get a good night's sleep, but the atmosphere held us in and we couldn't leave!  Unfortunately, we couldn't party too hard since we had to continue on our trip early the next morning, but we could easily see ourselves having too much fun here.    We didn't have any of the food and mostly chilled outside where it was starting to get crowded, but the bartenders were attentive.  There was a live band playing cover songs in a polka-style inside, and a bunch of people were dancing and having a good old time.  We will certainly remember to hit up this place if we ever revisit Tempe!
When I'm in Tempe, so far, there is only one place I need to go to, and that's Rula Bula.  I'm a huge fan of their sister place, Lis Doon Varna, and they basically have the same menu.  I love the fish & chips, and I have no problem downing 3 pints of Guinness there.  Great place, and great times.
-Irish pub atmosphere (that's what you were expecting, right?). -Patio for when you need some fresh air. -Occasional live folk music. -Decadent bread pudding: totally worth it no matter what you're drinking.
Upon my second trip to Tempe, I had to return to the Rula Bula.  One night, I again had the shepherd's pie, and it was average--not what I raved about 6 months ago.  Maybe an off night for the chef.  Another night, however, I ordered the pork tenderloin dinner and it was fantastic!  It rivaled any dish you might get at an upscale restaurant.  Seriously.    Anyway, people come here to drink and socialize, not for a fine dining experience.  It still gets 4 stars for cool atmosphere, an open-mike night, good Guinness, and a great outdoor patio.
This is probably one of the most "authentic" Irish pubs in the phoenix area. The others don't look like an Irish pub, have very very poor beer selections, and lack a substantive Irish demography inside from both staff and patrons. Rula Bula defies most of these downfalls of Phoenix area Irish pubs.  Whether or not this pub was disassembled and shipped here I'm not sure, but it looks just like the other pubs claiming this accomplishment. Authentic menu selections round out the place nicely, though on the pricey side for both food and beverage.  Staff could be more polite, even if the patrons are not Irish (as I am not). Just not a comfortable, inviting feel to me. College yuppie clientele seem common.  Beer selection is a typical limited selection of British and Irish imports. Nothing special. If you must have an Irish pub and you're in Tempe then this is your place. If not, there are other places of interest to the beer enthusiast in Tempe.
Good atmosphere in a great bar (totally imported from Ireland) and good fresh beer. Good food and even better to celebrate the Saint Patrick day's. You should stop here if you are around Mill.
we decided to give this place a whirl for a few brews and food before heading to the celeberty theater for a show. we found street parking across the street.......score. we went in and took a seat just inside the door. we sat there for a few minutes before our very pleasent wait person came over she took our drink order and came back within a few minutes again. we went ahead and ordered the guiness barbque sauce wings ,fish nuggetts w/chips and for a potato overkill the skins as well all the food was very tasty . she informed us that a wait person had called in ill and that was why the service was a little slow.....not that i ask because i thought the service was just fine for as busy as it was...................we will add a 1/2 star just for that
The first time we went it was FANTASTIC! I mean right down to the shamrock topping off my Guinness.   The second time was good but no shamrock kinda bummed about it.   The third time was a let down, no consistency and I doubt I will go back totally bummed. A real Meh experience.  I hope it gets better but tillI hear the shamrocks back I'm staying at Fibber's.
Visiting Tempe and was just walking off dinner and decided to stop in for a beer.  Wound up smoking a good cigar and having a few pints.  Very friendly staff
Pretty good place if you are looking for an Irish Pub. There are much better out there, but for Tempe it's pretty good. Prices are EXPENSIVE, and sometimes they have trouble pouring... but it is a great atmosphere and usually a chill crowd.
I know that most of my friends and I come here for the drinks for they have awesome food as well.  I used to come here all the time with my family when they visited because my Dad is Irish and loves any Irish pub.  They have a great Guinness beef puff pastry type deal, deliciously unhealthy mac and cheese and an awesome desserts.  I love the brown bread ice cream and their bread pudding!  And then once you've devoured all that food (if you can still move) they have great drinks and live bands!
I have worked on Mill for over a decade and Rula Bula has stood the test of time in my restaurant rotation. Last Friday I went for happy hour, and yesterday for lunch. Both expierinces were so pleasant I thought it high time to yelp it.   Happy hour was great. Our bartender was attentive and funny and made sure to come around before last call. They have some great apps on special, chicken fingers, skewers, potato skins ect.   Their lunch menu features weekly specials, so there is always some thing new and different to try. I went there with a group of 5 ladies and we everyone was happy with their choice. I had the grilled cheese on marble rye (with tomato and 4 types of cheese this sandwich is delicious), I have tried the boxtys, potato pies, bangers and mash, french dip and salmon - all great. Our dining experience was enjoyable last week mainly do to our server (Nathan?). He split our bill without being asked and had boxes and change before we finished eating. When you're on a lunch break, not having to wait around at the end of your meal is a big plus.   Rula Bula has a great outdoor patio, fun pub atmosphere, excellent Irish pub food and is located right off the Light Rail.  You can't go wrong.
Pros: They have Strongbow. It's a wimpy cider but I still love it. - GREAT hamburgers. I love them much more than their Shepherd's Pie.  If you go there before 10, you won't get to hear the live music but at least you'll avoid the mass of drunk college kids swarming outside.   It's a bit more for the out of college crowd but perhaps that's why I like it.
This is a Mill Avenue classic! They brought the bar from Ireland, you really feel like you are ina traditional pub in here. There is a large outdoor patio with fulll bar for smokers and on those lovely nights. They have heaters. Inside there is a large bar and a dining room with an eclectic assortment of tables.  FOOD and drink: They have a number of traditional dishes, but I am sorry to say that noe have been outstanding enough to make me come back for the food. But, they do have Smithwick's and many other great beers and whiskeys so come in for a drink and live music. They have different music each night, always something fun!
Pros -  -  The food is actually really good for pub food.  Excellent shrimp pasta. -  Patio - dedicated bar, you can smoke cigars, misters and heaters -  Scotch list is extensive and reasonably priced - even for the good stuff  Cons -   -  College students pack it during the semesters - so get there early -  Inside space is small so the music is LOUD and makes talking hard.  If you go late, go for the music. -  Staff is a mixed bag.  Day staff is great - night staff seems overwhelmed frequently
Rula Bula saved my marriage!  Rula Bula also holds the secrets of the Free Masons, is a regular meeting place for the Illuminati, and the Knights Templar once excavated its basement with the goal of finding the Holy Grail.  Okay, now that I have your attention, I can honestly say that only one of those things are true.    The fact of the matter is that I have put off writing a review of Rula Bula for over a year because I have always found it difficult to articulate why I love this place so much.  Anyway, I could put it off no longer, so here it goes:  Many years ago, when I came of drinking age, Rula was one of the first pubs I went to and it has always held a special place in my heart.  Now, do not get me wrong, the reasons that I hold RB in such high regard are not all based upon sentimental nostalgia.  Let us start with the menu.  I am a vegetarian and Rula has always been a safe refuge for me; the vegetarian shepherds pie is phenomenal and their veggie burger is always a safe bet.  Rula also has my favorite dessert in the Valley of the Sun; the Irish Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream is responsible for an extra five pounds I carry around these days.  Moving on, the ambience of this Irish pub located in the desert is relaxation incarnate.  Okay, let the debate end right here, right now--although Rula Bula's bar and woodwork were constructed in Ireland and shipped to Tempe, this does not make it an authentic Irish pub, and someone arguing either side of that coin is a moron.  Nowhere in the bar, on their menu, or on their website do the owners claim that Rula is an "authentic" Irish pub.  RB is 7500 miles from Ireland, so no, it is not going to be exactly like the homeland.  Also, I do not seem to read a lot of reviews of people complaining that Pizzeria Bianco's food and ambience is not authentic, the way it is in Naples; get over it, people.  Beer!  I love that I can get all of my favorite Irish and English beers on tap here.  Live music!  I love their open mic night and basically all the other nights during the week when they have great bands playing.  One last point, they have a great staff of bartenders and servers.  Enjoy!
This is one of the few places I can go, sit at the bar, & order a nice dinner & maybe a Blue Moon and feel "among my people." Also...I can bring my 80something parents and 50something siblings here on St Pat's Day (granted- DAY, not night) and they fully enjoy it. Finally...this is where I learned that my culture has FOOD! Yes- the Irish have a culinary heritage. Who knew. At Rula it looks like: salmon, boxty, bread pudding ice cream, shepherd's pie. Don't let the bar appetizers keep you from ordering 1 or 2 great entrees....
If you are Irish (which I am) and in Tempe, Az., this is home for you!!!  I loved the place.  Lots of Irish momentos, had some of the finest Guinness's mixed with other items.  For intance, had a Guiness with Cider (corwn float).  It made it tasty.   Did not have food, (ate nearby).  But saw the menu had reasonable prices and the food was irishy.  The Bartender, Steve, was friendly and informative.  Everyone should stop in when on Mill St. in Tempe and have a Guinnes.  Slainte!!!!
I have no idea what an Irish pub should look like but this place feels pretty close to what I might expect if I went over to Ireland.  Great food and atmosphere.  Received a hearty greeting at the door during my visit and that set a positive mood for the evening.  Ordered the shepherd's pie and was not disappointed in the least bit.  With some great friends, this place is a good time to be had =)  Cheers!  Update 12/13/2013 Had to update my review because of a recent visit that involved their "Thirty-Five Dollar Steak" (which isn't actually $35 but I would consider paying that much for it).  I know people might not consider getting a steak here but I would recommend it.  Especially with the sauted mushrooms Irish whiskey peppercorn sauce.  The steak is delicious on its own, but that sauce is outstanding.
This is my favorite bar. There is atmosphere, good food, good music, and good drinks. What else can you ask for?  The outside patio can be a great setting for a romantic lunch while the inside is home to many a happy and loud night. Cider and reggae, salad and traditional Irish grub... I still have not tried the boxty. This place has some vegetarian options, mainly salads, but those are delicious.  This is the perfect place to cure those didn't-do-well-on-my-biochem-final-blues.
Second time to RB, this @ 7PM on Sat.  Good sized crowd, but not packed.  Seated immediately, and Nick came for the drink order in good time.  We both tried the Shepherd's Pie ($12.95) and Loved it. The Irish beers on tap were their usual excellence ($5.50 pint).  Nick was an outstanding server.  He was attentive, personable and professional.  All service prompt, food hot, beer cold.  Great atmosphere (will try outdoors next time), great food, great people. Price not ridiculous. Also a very short walk to Big Bang Piano Bar for a fun night of it.
When thinking of Irish pubs, I know we all have the same image in our head....a bunch of popped collar, frat boy douchebags trying to out cool each other and find the stupidest, skinniest girl in the room right?   No, really, you see misty green hills, friendly barkeeps, and a nice, welcoming crowd?  Apparently the people running Rula Bula have either never been to Ireland, or come from County Jerkface....because this pub is about as Irish as Ceaser Chavez.  Where is the friendly atmosphere?  Actually where is ANY atmosphere?  Where is the friendly service?  Where is the tasty Irish fare?    Actually, Rula Bula is great - every once in a while, I just simply feel TOO good about myself.  I get too confident and comfortable, and I really need to be bitch-slapped back to reality.  When this happens, a quick trip to Mill and a visit to this pub can make anyone feel terrible.  Such a waste of awesome real estate, and yeah, the little signs and kitchy stuff they have is cute.  But Irish pub, you are kidding me.  Rula Bula you can Pg mo thin!
I've always loved Rula Bula, but I have to tell you I went there for lunch last weekend during the Tempe Art Festival and they really out did themselves.  The place was packed, but we were warmly greeted and because we didn't mind a high-top table, we were promptly seated.  Our waitress was over the top....very friendly and attentive, as was all the wait staff.  We found out later that our waitress had 19 tables she was covering at that time, but you never would have known it.  The food was excellent, as always, the the drink was even better.
We've been here a few times before while visiting family in Arizona.  First off, let me just say the Rueben Sandwich is AWESOME.  This is what sold us on Rula Bula the first time we came here.  The 2nd time we went, we had a Rueben...and guess what the 3rd time we went, another Rueben!  Can't get enough of them I guess.   We decided that this would be a nice place for our family to go after my Dad's memorial service.  Called a few days ahead and spoke with the manager, explained the occasion and what we were looking for- somewhere that we could sit outside for a few hours, have a meal and some drinks, enjoy the beautiful weather and hang out for a while reminiscing with family.  It was indeed all that!   Our server was very good- the food was excellent (yes, we had a Rueben!)...and we also decided to split an order of fish and chips, also, very good.  We ended up hanging out for about 2 1/2 hours.  They never rushed us to get out and they even separated the checks between all the different groups of family.  Most places put up a stink if asked to make separate checks, however, Rula Bula did not.  They were very accommodating and friendly. Did I mention that they also have Guinness 250 on tap here?  Another plus! The only qualms I had about our visit is that I was a little disappointed how the tables were set up for our party.  They were split into 2 tables, and it would have been nice to have them grouped into one large table.  Instead we all just kept shifting seats in order to visit with different members of the family...no biggie I guess.   I would recommend this place to anyone looking to have a great meal, a good drink, in a laid-back atmosphere.  I'll definably come here again, next time, for Rueben #4!!! :)
Ahh yes your traditional Irish Pub! This is the first bar were I had the pleasure of experiencing the Oatmeal Cookie Cocktail (which they do very well by the way). Most of the Mill Ave. crowd know Rula Bula as a great bar but many forget about it as a lunch or dinner option.   They do a great lunch menu with sandwiches, Shepard's Pie ect. I usually get their French Dip with their house made fries which is almost too much food. Their fries are wonderful, basically sliced potatoes fried until they are golden brown. However, I have friends that swear the Shepard's Pie is the best thing on the menu.   The service can be a little slow as they often get hit with the convention crowd from the Tempe Mission Palms next door. However, it's affordable and just good home-style food.
Since everyday is a good day for a Guinness, and since I happen to be on Mill every single day, this is the spot I like to come to collaborate those 2 facts of life. I also really love that I get free drinks, often, but I think its just the red hair. Seriously, red heads in Irish pubs.. I could tell stories for days..  Its not exactly your model Irish pub, but they have a decent happy hour, yummy menu options, lots of space and a sweet patio with an outdoor bar. The only real downfall here is the douchey dudes that are always here and that it is always retardedly packed after 8pm. Otherwise, its all good. Seriously subtract that and add a mechanical Bull or something equally obnoxious, and I'm a fan for life.
i'm irish. like red hair, freckles, i like lucky charms irish. this place.... isn't irish. sure, it's got Guinness signs and there's Harp on tap, but ahhhhh no. it tries. it really does. i think they had something on the menu called the 'dublin burger'. see? it's trying.  having said that and dispelling this silly rumor that this place is an irish pub, i have to say that its not terribly awful. i dug the whole two bars thing (one in the establishment and one out back on the patio). i love patios. i'm a sucker for outdoor drinking. they have heat lamps out there for when AZ is not 110 degrees. its pretty nice.  service was so so. the bartendress in the front wasn't exactly attentive and kind didn't give a crap if we wanted food or not. the waitress on the patio was great. she was on top of our drink orders and even anticipated others. pretty spiffy.  food was decent. i split the fish and chips and the irish potato nacho-y thingies. for the money, i would say it really wasn't worth it. i would probably head down to gordon biersch to get some bang for your buck in that area but the beer selection was decent and they had harp on tap. points there.   decent place to grab a beer. i also saw that they have a live band come in from time to time. dunno how great that sounds being indoors in that smallish area, but /shrug. to each his own.
A little back story: I'm from AZ, but went out-of-state for college. Somehow, I was able to graduate in 4 yrs, while most of my friends who stayed home were on the 5 to 5 1/2 year plan. Well, this meant when I moved back to AZ after graduation I got to relive my last year of college all over again (this was fun at times, but not so much at other times since I had a job), and at the time I really enjoyed Rula Bula. Compared to some of the other bars on Mill, this ones seems to attract a less douchey crowd and shockingly what appears to be more a slightly more mature group of ASU students (there is such a thing!).   Even after outgrowing the Mill scene, this was one of the few bars along the street I would still occasionally go to. Over this past Christmas weekend when I was in town visiting I came here with a group of friends and a good time was had by all!!! There's nothing about this place that particularly stands out. We had a super cooperative waitress on this last visit who had no problem keeping track of individual tabs and kept the drinks flowing (everything from long islands to car bombs!).  There's both an indoor and outdoor bar w/patio and both bars have multiple bar tenders so things move quickly.   I've never had the food here, but I've heard from people who have that's it's good. The bouncers are nice as well (it didn't happen this last time, and I'm not sure if they do anymore, but if I remember correctly in the past they do charge a small cover occasionally when there's live music). Not that it's a big deal for me, but the bathrooms are not the cleanest. Ladies, if your bathroom looks the same, sorry.
Of course this place makes its name as a pub, but I'll review it as a restaurant.  I stopped in here for lunch last week, as Irish food sounded like a nice change of pace from the usual.  The lunch menu had several appealing options.    I had the Shepherd's Pie (with Cheese).  I will say, it tasted great.  I've always been a fan of Shepherd's Pie, and this didn't disappoint.  My colleague had the fish and chips, which looked tasty as well.  The only complaint I had was that the portions are a bit small.  I know it probably wouldn't be healthy, but I probably could've eaten two of those pies.
This is your average, run of the mill (no pun intended) Irish Pub. And it doesn't try to pretend to be anything else, nor does it need to.  The outdoor patio is especially nice, both on nice days, and even in the winter (they have epic heaters outside).   The happy hour is great, both for food and booze.  They don't have a ton of vegetarian options, so I've been using this place as more of a bar than a place for food.  However, their bread pudding is surprisingly delicious, and worth ordering. Also, in the winter, they have alcoholic hot chocolate, which is AMAZING. Really, really amazing.  Staff is nice and helpful, really fun. Wednesday night is trivia night, so they'll be packed. Be forewarned.  This is a great place to meet friends for a pint (they have cider too!) and have a good time.  Not a great place for vegetarians to eat.
Don't tell my husband I'm giving Rula Bula 3 stars.  He thinks it deserves 4.  But he should try earning his little Elite badge and write his own review I say.  After Zoolights fell through on Saturday night (not interested in walking from a parking lot in Chandler to get there), we found ourselves on Mill, which is actually only the 2nd time I've ever been on Mill.  My husband, on the other hand, had too many months unsupervised in the Valley before I joined him, and has apparently visited many of these fine establishments, including Rula Bula.  Not being a huge fan of Irish food, or beer for that matter, I decided this would be the 1 in 100 dining experiences I let him choose.  I loved  the interior I must say.  And the menu is not so bad either.  If I could find quesadillas and hot wings in Ireland, I might just visit.  But so as to not completely humiliate my husband, I ordered a cider, rather than a margarita, and fish 'n chips.  The cider was perfect, not too sweet.  If only beer should taste this good...  The fish (cod) was perfectly cooked and the batter was flavorful.  I just wish it was a little more crispy.  Perhaps it didn't hold up to my splash of vinegar.  The chips were near perfect, except I wish the fish hadn't been plopped on top as it caused them to lose their crispiness, too.  I would be happy to come back to Rula Bula again.  They have a great patio with a bar out there as well.  But I think I'll stick to the time of year when ASU is not in session.  I have a sneaking suspicion this place is a different beast when school starts back up.
Rula Bula gets five stars from me for two reasons:  #1 Perfect fish and chips. #2 One of the only correctly poured Guinness drafts in AZ.  They could punch me in the neck when I walked in, and i would still give them five stars for those two reasons.  Almost all the food is good (though I can count the number of times I've had anything other than the above on one hand). The happy hour is great, with half off appetizers, including the fish nuggets, which are the fish 'n' chips I eat before I eat the fish 'n' chips.  The world's most competitive trivia night. These people STUDY for trivia night.   Great outdoor seating, good service. Decor is interesting, especially if you like this particular famous race horse that I currently forget the name of but is the subject of approximately 90% of the wall art.
I was here for the first time last St. Patty's Day. We didn't eat, and the place was pretty crowded (as expected), but it was a good time and the Guinness was perfect.  Then, I ate there a month or so later. The food was awesome. The fish and chips were the best I have ever had. And that's not even my favorite meal.  The outside patio was comfortable and the staff was attentive.   I'm looking forward to eating there again very soon. And perhaps partaking in some Guinness-drinking again for St. Pat's Day.
Hands down the best bar in Tempe.  Live music on the weekends, great food with a hat tip towards authenticity, a fun laid back feel, large open patio and outside bar.  Rula Bula manages to pull off the often difficult balance between great daytime eatery and fantastic late night watering hole.
I've never been one to hit up the Mill bar scene. At nearly thir....at my age, I just assumed it was all going to be the obnoxious college crowds everywhere.  Rula Bula was definitely not what I expected at all! Thankfully! It was fun, low key, laid back. The place is cute, the crowd was mixed, the drinks came fast and the staff was friendly. We came too late to try the food and being that only one of us ordered a mixed drink, I can't justify giving it 5 stars based on beer and service alone. I will be back to try the food and update then. I predict a 5 star rating in the future.
"There are good ships, and there are wood ships - the ships that sail the sea. But the best ships - are friendships - and may they always be."  How can you begin a review of an Irish pub without an old Irish blessing? Let me start by saying, Rula Bula is the most understated bar on Mill Ave. Amongst the cherry pits, taverns and middle-aged somethings lurking at The Library Bar (why is that, anyway?) Rula Bula is like a big warm bear hug. The usually have a pretty steady lunch and dinner crowd - it could stand as a restaurant in its's own rite - fish and chips are not as greasy as some, and the potato "rounds" are perfect. My favorite is the Vegetarian Shepards Pie, but @ $10-$15 per meal we don't eat here frequently. BUT we do drink here frequently!    Around 9 or 10pm they have live live music every weekend. This is THE ONLY spot on Mill that you can find live, good local music. The bands change every night - but my local favorites are Shawn Johnson and the Foundation (a perfect blend of Hootie meets Sublime meets your favorite cover songs) and the Irish band that always plays there (I have no idea their name!) but they really bring down the house. Between 11 PM - 2 AM the band really creates a sort of "collective" atmosphere - everyone that is inside dancing (or jigging) to the music.   The crowd is the perfect blend of young college kids, late twenty-somethings and an older crowd. It has a great neighborhood, eclectic feel.   The drinks are average price - roughly $5 bucks for a mixed drink and $3 for a beer. My favorite is a Snakebite (which is 1/2 cider - which they have on tap- with 1/2 Guiness). If you like a lighter beer, try the Snakebite w/ Harp instead.   Like many of the other reviews have stated, they have a huge outdoor patio area (great if you aren't into the music and want something a bit more low-key).  Living in Phoenix 8 years, I have never been to a bar that makes me feel this good.
Wicked tasty shepherds pie, friendly staff and nice environment. Thanks for the great recommendation Yelpers (I was visiting on business).
THE BEST GUINNESS IN TOWN.  Their Mussels are delightful, as is the rest of their food. But really, I go here for the perfectly poured Guinness.
I had a night to kill in Tempe before my friends arrived for spring training the following morning so I called up some friends who graduated from ASU for some tips on what bars to hit on Mill Ave. Every single one of them said Rula Bula and now I see why. It wasn't the typical Scottsdale/Tempe club scene, which was nice. It's an old-looking Irish style bar with a stage, decent sized dance floor, and an awesome patio. There was a $2 cover, I'm assuming because they had a live band playing, but it was well worth it. I had a black and tan followed by a snakebite and both were delicious. I stayed for maybe an hour, watched the band, and met some cool people on the patio. Overall, a really fun place with a great selection of beer on tap and a fun, chill crowd that isn't overly into themselves.
Do not come here if u actually drink anything other than beer. They use a shot measurer & pour exactly 1 shot for a $6 drink. Cheap asses! I've watched a few bartenders do perfect pours on the Guinness so that's a little impressive. The food is okay and the service is okay.  The main thing going for this place is the patio and people you come with. It's in a pretty convenient location so it's not too far for people to meet up when coming from different parts of the Valley.
Let me start by saying my requirement for any place that calls itself an Irish pub is that they carry Strongbow or Harp. Most places I go have one or the other (mostley just a lot of Harp). They not only had both, but the Strongbow was on tap.*drool*  I went out to dinner here first. Then hit it up later as a bar. The food is fantastic! The old world and new world menus are a great way to make sure that everyone in your party can be happy.
Rula has one of the most incoherent door staff ever, they are all "career" door guys. Pushing 40's door down. Get a life. Seconded of all, I had one of the most impersonal bartenders I think I have ever met. I'm assuming its because I didn't have a huge set of tits flopping around while drinking my blacksmith. Anyhow,  I will give it to Rula that they have some good live music-but if you make your way past the swarm of bros and hoes-you might just enjoy yourself a smidgen  All n all- not a fan.
Oh my Rula, did you redeem yourself?  It seems they might have - but I think another visit will tell for sure.  Someone sure dialed down the douchebaggery this time around, or it was an off night.  As our first official stop on our pub crawl, we met several friends there - all in all, ended up with about 20 people.  The staff was friendly, the bar tenders nice, fun and actually helpful, and the music, while not live, was at the perfect level.  Most of my group got food, and watching the locust like destruction, I'd have to guess it was all pretty good.  Their drink prices are still a little high, but at least the pours seemed to match this time around.    I'll be willing to keep going back if the service and atmosphere keeps improving like this.
I may as well write a review of Rula since already give over a healthy portion of my paycheck to them every weekend. I'm a fan. A Regular. The guy in the fedora who goes to other bars and gets asked "Hey, aren't you the regular over at Rula?" I'm also kind of biased, but i'm a Guiness fan. and I'm a cider fan. And Rula trained its bartenders on how to pour the perfect Snakebite (Yep, its Guiness and Cider, layerd. The Cider floats on the Guiness. Its neat-o!).   Ok, So. Rula. Probably has the largest back patio on Mill Ave, and on the weekends, it gets fill to the brim with every kind of stereotype that exists in the greater Phx area. Frat Boys mix with Foreign Exchange Students mix with Old Fogey's mix with Hipsters. And everyone gets along pretty much. When the occasional fight breaks out (as drunkards are wont to hit someone/thing at some point), Security breaks it up and gets the problem cleared away. Also, as its a large back patio with many tables, chairs, and people, and its a bar, people are going to be smoking. Cigars and cig's abound, and ashtrays as well.  If you don't want to be bothered by the smokers, feel free to meander through the crowd, back inside where, all the while on Friday and Saturday nights, there is really good live music playing (which, by the way, is who the 2$ cover to get in goes to). And for the most part, everyone gets along.  In the realm of food, Rula has the Irish fare down pat. The Boddington's Shrimp, the shepard's pie, the boxty, all are amazing, and decently priced. Don't come here and expect to order nachos and a second rate burger to add some flavor to your Coors and Bud Light's. They have real good food with real good beers. The servers are all friendly and quick, the management is pretty chill, and the over all feel of the place is relaxed. Its hard to feel tense while hanging out here.  Oh, and don't try to order beer from the bar back out back.  He's just so happens to be the best bar-back this side of the Mississippi, and keeps the outdoor bar running in top shape, but, trust me, as much as he wants to get you a beer and back amongst the masses, the poor guy is not allowed, no matter how much you bitch about it or how much money you try to throw at him. Wait for one of the bartenders, they'll gladly help you shortly.
Had lunch there with my ladies' monthly lunch group. They had some kind of event, so we are not allowed to park in the parking lot next to it. I had to turn around to park on the street or the garage. I parked in the garage, because it had a sign that business' validate.   Sat in the patio since the weather is still nice. Ordered the corn beef melt sandwich. It took longer than usual. I did not see a lot of people, but who knows? Got our lunches. The bread was toasted so it was soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside. The corn beef was good (no salty). The swiss cheese melted perfectly on the corn beef. The potatoes are yummy. Service was OK. And they do not validate parking anymore.
Rula Bula! Its a pretty cool laid back bar with a outdoor patio that rivals the size of the indoor bar. The crowd is pretty chill with a variety of different but friendly people. Within a few minutes I met a bunch of people from the NW and as far east as Philly. They had some live music as well.  The outdoor bartender (Mike) was really cool and very attentive. The food is typical bar food but it tastes really fresh and is done right. We ordered the Boxty. A thin, crepe like pancake made with potatoes and filled with heaps of braised short rib. The bartender says they cook the short rib slow and overnight. It was served with perfectly seasoned and crunchy vegetables.   Overall I think this is a cool relaxing spot in downtown Tempe. I highly recommend it.
This is a really solid Irish pub/restaurant.  The food is quite good, especially the Guinness braised beef boxty.  For dessert, be sure to try the bread pudding, which is probably the best I've ever had.    It's a fun place when it's busy and has a great traditional Irish pub feel inside.  They pour a perfect pint; you'll notice the difference if you're a Guinness lover.  Rula Bula is a little pricey, which is the pretty much the only reason I haven't rated it a 5.
How in the world did I not know that Rula Bula had such a fantastic patio!?!??  I'm a native, and have never visited Rula until last night.   Wow, seriously, who knew?  I guess a ton of people.  Everytime I am in Tempe, which isn't very much, I see that place and it just looks so crowded and small and I hate shoulder to shoulder places.  So I was quite surprised when we walked out to the patio just in the nick of time to grab a table and relax.  Didn't try the food but the service was great.  My water glass was always full, and I never had to wait for my next refill on the blue moon.  Also, one of our group asked for a vodka soda, and the waitress said, it's cheaper if  you are having more than one to jsut get a tall double.   WHAT?  Did I just hear a waitress try to save a patron some mula?  Crazy...I need to go back and see what their Bar Food is like.  Great chill laid back atmosphere for a Wednesday night in Tempe.
Brussels Sprouts never tasted so good.  The place is tops for ambiance and good Irish comfort food.  The perfect place when you want to visit Mill Ave but don't want to deal with the college debauchery.
My girlfriend was in from Canada, so I took her to Mill Ave...we hit a lot of places, but this was by far the best. Awesome staff and selections!
Came here after work on Saturday for Happy Hour. Three dollar sixteen ounce blue moons and three dollar irish nachos= after work bliss! Happy Hour goes until seven! Love the atmosphere of a pub!
I stopped by here last night for a friends going away party. (sniff sniff) Cute little place. The drinks were good (Southern Peach gets a thumbs up from me) and like everyone said, the fish and chips are YUMMO!!! I had the sweet potatoes fries with my fish and everything was scrumptious. They even had spicy ketchup, which is a rare find. Either I was hungry or it was really good because I could have licked my plate if I was allowed.  We also ordered a side of the the mac and cheese, which was just ok, only because we didn't know that it had ham in it and it made the mac and cheese taste very salty so I only had a bite or two. ( We didn't see it on the menu but we saw that someone else had ordered it hence the reason we ordered it.) I think without the ham, it would  have been pretty ok.  So with that said, great food, fabulous company, a little eye candy here and there, what more could a girl ask for?
Nice spacious pub, and a real pub not a bar that calls itself a pub.  The fish & chips are good.
Rula Bula is probably my favorite spot in Tempe.  They have a solid selection of beers, lots of whiskeys to choose from, and the wait staff is friendly and attentive.  I usually prefer to hang out outside on the great big patio with a group of friends, but the inside is just as inviting.
Let me start by clarifying that my five stars are for lunch on Mill. Rula Bula is a bit of a sleeper lunch place: if you've gone at night when school's in, it is very clearly a "get crunked" frat boy crazy kind of bar. So it will come as a damn good shock to you when you go during the light of day and enjoy a nice, relaxing lunch.  The fish and chips here are delicious. Beer-battered, thick and hearty, and real fish, served with a great tartar sauce and their awesome "chips"--lightly fried, thick potato slices.  Their boxty is a whole different story, but it's packed with flavor and incredibly hearty. Their salads are huge and everything is made up fresh, and you can tell they take pride in cranking out a really great lunch and catching you off guard. They're like a better Robbie Fox's, but they were here long before, and it's not hard to see why they've done so well.  Their patio is fantastic, the help is on top of things, the food comes quick, and everything is absolutely delicious and beautifully homemade, not just frozen, Sysco, dropped in the fryer, like so many pubs and bars. It matters and the price is right and it's WELL worth it to try this place for a great lunch.  My only complaint is that a few of the authentic Irish tables inside are too low for my legs to fit underneath, so I do well to avoid them for lunch. Otherwise, I'm always happy here for lunch.
It almost feels like someone took a step back and said to themselves, " It's about time we sprinkle a little class on this party street."  In all honesty, I party as much as the next alcoholic cheap beer craving college student, but its still nice for my liver to take a break from the onslaught of cheap Que Club Long Islands and Thursday Barneys Boathouse shenanigans.   With that being said, big ups to Rula Bula for establishing a relaxing, authentic Irish Pub ambience while still serving some hard to find Irish Brews and delicious Irish bar food. Huge fan of the outside-patio set up; it offers enough room for large crowds to get their drink on while still providing a somewhat intimate feel for smaller parties looking for a more laid back night out.   As for the food and drinks; highhhhly suggest going with a frothy pint of Murphy's Stout, followed by a Shepard's Pie that'll leave you feeling as if you're eating in Dublin. Happy Hours are usually pretty solid as well.
We were double billed and the service was horrible. We sat on the patio and were completely ignored for 15 minutes until my husband got up and got our beers at the bar. The table next to us seemed to have no trouble getting them tobring their drinks however. Perhaps they were friends with the staff?  I've been here for dinner before as well and while the food is decent I'm not overly impressed. Having been to my fair share of Irish pubs in Ireland this is not a good representation. It is definately an American idea of an Irish pub and it is appropriately overpriced for the "tourists". I'll go to the pub down the street for better service and a true Irish feel from now on.
Granted this place is probably known for their beer and not their food, but really, how hard is it to supply some decent food?  I tried two appetizers - both were not good and both overpriced. I'm not a huge fan of greasy fried food so can't speak for their fish and chips.  In terms of service, one waiter was really nice but we were passed around to different waiters and I can't say that the others were helpful at all.  My recommendation would be - don't eat here.
Had lunch here yesterday. The food was good, but the service was so-so. We were not given silverware or napkins till after the food was served, and we had to ask for them. The patio was great though! I could definitely see myself going there for a beer after work.
very authentic but thats about it badly poured guinness and awful bangers and mash bartender was friendly but dont think ill be returning
This is one of the few places on Mill Avenue that I still like to drink at. Although you still get the ASU crowd, which makes me feel old, you still have a great time. On Friday and Saturday nights Rula Bula charges a cheap cover, but you also get some live entertainment, and you drink at one of the few places in Arizona which actually pours a Guinness correctly. Rula Bula also has a big patio, so on a nice night, it's a perfect place to hang out.   Tonight my cousin happened to be in town when he chose to give up his seat on his overbooked connecting flight. Since his hotel was right down the street from Mill, it was a convenient spot to get a beer and something to eat. We both drank a black and tan, which was excellently mixed. The food was actually pretty good. I just went with a corn beef melt, which was an alright sandwich. It was on ciabatta bread, which was doesn't quite compliment corn beef the same way that rye bread does. Nothing spectacular, but not bad. My cousin had chicken sliders which he seemed to enjoy. There also was a big selection of more authentic looking Irish dishes, but neither of us were hungry enough for anything bigger than what we had.
Rula Bula is the place to go if you're...  1. Stuck on Mill (no offense Mill...my 21 year old former self loves you and I always know to visit you first if I want a crazy time!) 2. Looking for a bar with people drinking themselves to the point of having a good time  3. Want to participate in events like trivia night   Rula Bula is a good time. But you have to go into it expecting to walk into a bar atmosphere hiding behind a restaurant. The patio is fun and there's plenty of room to sit. The food is decent and true to Irish dining. But I really don't think people go for the food. Every time I've gone, food has been an after-thought.   Be prepared to stand and wait for a seat if you're visiting after a festival or game. Rula Bula is practically the first stop after the light rail and Tempe Town Lake so it's a hot commodity! So my advice is to stick to Rula Bula if you've had some cocktails and won't mind the pub feel!
I went here last Thursday with some alumni from my alma mater.  I have to say that the food was alright, not exceptional.  We had some fish and chips, potato skins and some other food that does not come to mind.  The atmosphere is a typical bar.  It feels like any bar, any where.  Basic beer, mixed drinks, etc.  It is strange, but this place did not have a unique feel to it.  I could have been anywhere.........
Fantastic menu that can be consumed any time of the day! Personal favorites include their mac&cheese, pork chops, and mussels! They always have a ton of Stella readily available and on tap, as well as Bass and Newcastle and duh..Guinness.  Their fish&chips are delisch as well (although I am always a bit skeptical of eating seafood in the desert)...!   i like!
As far as Irish pubs go, Rula Bula is spot on for me. It doesn't feel cheap and sticky like other so-called Irish pubs around here and I've never felt it was a bad choice. Drinks and a night out, mid-day for lunch, mid-week for dinner, trivia, live music... yes!   I truly love the fish & chips, but I've also enjoyed their burgers, Dublin chicken & Farmhouse chicken sandwiches, Shepherd's pie, chicken pot pie, St. Peter's Fish & the Gaelic-style chicken breast which is my go-to. The food is substantial and delicious.   I always walk out thinking I need to go back asap. :-)
Really nice patio. It's surrounded by vines and has plenty of misters to keep you cool even when it's 115 out. Awesome food, better drinks, and one of the waiters made a special shot for me with Jack Daniels and Goldschlagger that tastes like Christmas.
Fun Irish pub with live music. The name means fun, laughter, and a lively party. Great service and cool bar. The place was designed and built in Ireland and was shipped to Arizona.
I am going to give this place only 3 stars because 1, I have a 95% chance of getting kicked out whenever I go here, lol.  It always seems to be the case and 2, the food is ok, nothing spectacular.  With that being said it actually is a really cool bar.  It has a psuedo authenticity to it that makes you feel like you're in Ireland they have great live Irish music.  That is always a positive.  I find the beer selection to be pretty good and the vibe to be pretty good as well.  Although not the best Irish bar I have ever been to (I am from Boston) it's definitely the best Irish bar I have been to in Arizona, and one of my top 2 spots on Mill Ave.
Lots of fun - great deck in the AZ Spring temps, and a great location on Mill Ave.  The service is a bit slow if you want a server, but if you get your own drinks then not bad.  Also, a bit pricy.
It was all good. We stopped after the PF Chang Marathon for some real refreshments and fuel. We were seated first available inside. They accommodated our group of 6 very quickly. The drink order was taken and filled quickly. We ordered our meals and they came in a timely manner as well. The BLT Salad was very good, basic, but fresh and plentiful. The Turkey Wrap was very yummy with a wonderful sauce. The Sweet Potato Fries we received were stone cold. Our waitress brought us some piping hot replacements in no time. The Chicken Sandwich was yummy. One of us ordered the Fish and Chips...the fish was also stone cold. We did not know this until later that night, as our friend never sends his food back, and will not complain. I heard this and was pissed! I would have had that taken care of on the spot. Plus we sent the fries back and he knew that. Oh well. The patio is awesome and it is always crowded.
Fun outdoor patio but a lot of bees and wasps.  be careful where you sit.  It is a great location, right off of mill and next to the Tempe Mission palms.  the food is solid, potato and fried foodstuff heavy.  The drinks are good, but i warn you that it gets crowded and depending on your server, you may get hit or miss service.  It pays to carry cash as they are not fond of splitting checks.  Great people watching, you get college students, street urchins, renaissance festival types, guys in suits, couples breaking up...you name it.  fun times!  Awesome for day drinking in good weather.
The first thing I respect about Rula Bula is its ability to attract customers while keeping a low profile. No flashing lights, no 400 pound bouncers with angry stares, and no promotional cards being shoved in my face from down the street.  I walked in and liked what I saw. It has an old school feel to it. There was a live band doing some Lady Gaga covers, and it sounded like karaoke. I wasn't impressed, so I ordered my Jameson (reasonably priced) and walked out to the patio.  It was a good patio, with a DJ in the corner. It had a different feel to it, and I appreciate how laid back it was. But it felt like something was missing. I waltzed back inside, admired a much better cover (of Micheal Jackson) and realized the one thing I couldn't find here.   FUN.  To a west-sider like myself, Tempe is the Mecca of mischief, a place where I can have one too many and stumble back home with a story to tell. There was a dance floor, but no one was dancing. There were tons of people, but every group kept to themselves. Even though I don't go to bars to meet women, there was a suspicious lack of pretty ones in here. It's like everyone who was too old or uncool to go elsewhere came to have a Guinness in peace.  I came here expecting a fun bar that wasn't a full-blown club, and instead of getting a happy medium I ended up with a boring dive. Don't get me wrong, I fucking LOVE dive bars, but I don't go to Mill Ave for them. Rula is a good place with good history. I can't hate on it. I love the interior, and I could see myself coming back during the day. It's just not worth going out of my way on a Saturday night.
was here mostly for drinks..but did end up ordering a few appetizers.  Hot bollix spicy potato balls were very thick and heavy lol but oh soooo good.  basically a deep fried mash potato ball with a kick.    Hot Bollix Spicy Potato Balls An original creation of deep fried potato, rashers (Irish  bacon), scallions and Irish cheddar cheese balls  and  Grilled Bacon Wrapped Shrimp Six shrimp and applewood smoked bacon skewers served  with Guinness BBQ dipping sauce  these shrimps were medium sized... cooked just right.
I'm not sure what all of the buzz is about because this place wasn't that great! I had the grilled cheese and it was hard and dry!  There was this nasty drunk guy who sat across from our table and it was quite sickening! I will not be going back!
As an Irish lass thru and thru, the promise of a cool Irish pub to get some grub and frosty guiness was enticing...and it delivered!  The food was great, our server was excellent, and they were able to accomodate our group of about 15 walkins without blinking an eye on a saturday evening (bonus points for that).  Their patio is really nice, lots of flowers and greenery and high stone walls that make you feel like you're in more of a garden than just off Mill Ave.  Overall, great place to head with friends!
Was a quite evening in tempe! Excellent food and service!
I admit a 1 star is a bit harsh, but I am rating the Shepherds PIe.  If you have McBar shipped over from Ireland and serve Guinness, congrats to you and the hundreds if not thousands across the country to do the same.   Doesn't make you authentic.    Now for the Shepherds Pie.  Gross.  Totally inedible, so I didn't eat it.   Btw, Sheep need a Shepherd.  Cows need a cowboy.  Shepherds pie is made with LAMB!  Either way this was gross.  The waitress was very nice and took it off the bill and I had some bacon-wrapped shrimp so I wasn't starving.  The Guinness was fine.
Here is the skinny, Rula is on Mill, north of University, and this is the first problem.  The majority of this crowd is the plastic hat wearing, acoustic guitar maiming, frat boy we've all come to know and love OR the skinny jean squeezing, ironic mustache wearing hipster.  But my grand pappie always said "It takes all types to keep us spinning" so I keep going back.  Why? The food (by and large) is awesome.  Don't get the bangers and mash unless you don't mind kind of mushy bangers (i prefer mine with a bit more snap).  Shepherd's pie, Boxty, and a few other items I've had are great. Beer is good, good with food, I ate and drank so much I almost pooed.  Yeah, they have beer.  So don't a lot of places.  The back patio is great if you are a smoker (I am).  The music out there is hit or miss but the bar tenders, bussers and a few regulars back there are worth it.  Live music on occasion is alright and the trivia night was really fun the night I went.
This place used to rock. I come here every once and a while to enjoy a great time, however, I had the unfortunate experience of meeting Lindsay the cocktail waitress. Her appalling service and pretentious attitude was more than enough to make me never want to come back here again. And if that wasn't enough she said I was a fire hazard by standing 10 feet from the door, AND LATER she told me to expect bad service by asking directions to the restroom. I no longer consider this the Tempe Ireland experience , as I remember that country had nice people. Next time I'll just head to the fox.
Being on Mill Ave intrinsically puts Rula in a negative light..... despite its stereotype-ridden location consisting of the frat boy, psuedo hipster, loud and brash crowd, Rula is a nice little bar/restaurant and one of my first choices if I need to be on Mill Ave.   Always and forever my favorite thing will be the cute/quaint (yes its possible to use those adjectives for a Mill Ave bar) outdoor patio in back.  Its really quite lovely with lighted trees and a semi-private location.  There is a full/large bar outdoors too in addition to all the dining tables.    *Spicy potato balls and the chicken sandwich are really great... everyone always raves about their food and I can't disagree*    the happy hour is lacking... no happy hour food items and the drink discounts are so so.  I tend to be more of an 'atmosphere' girl so despite the disappointing happy hour I will go back to Rula for its environment ... especially over Robby Fox's and other lacking Mill Ave bars.
I went here craving fish and chips as well as the well-worn comfortable atmosphere that one expects from a good Irish pub.   The menu said that the fish and chips were voted "best in Phoenix" and sited the fresh made batter as the key to the dish's quality. With my expectations raised, I settled in to enjoy the two-piece meal.   It was ok. The breading, while definitely different from other places, did not add that much to the fish. In fact, it was actually pretty thin which meant that it did not stand up to the weight of the fish. I had to resort immediately to a knife and fork. Most people probably eat fish and chips that way by default, but personally, I like to eat this type of meal with my fingers. The fish was slightly over-cooked, but still tasted good.  The atmosphere was a little on the chain side of of the spectrum, but Rula Bula has enough of the pub staples to be comfortable. The service staff were very friendly.  All in all, I'd go again. If you are looking for a an Irish Pub experience in Tempe, Rula Bula will serve you well. However, if they really do have the best fish and chips in Phoenix, then the bar is not insurmountably high.
Came here on Easter based on the recommendations of friends for their Fish & Chips (for my mumsie).  I had been here a few times before, but only had appetizers and drinks.    Mom liked the fish & chips, said it tasted like a tempura batter, I don't like fish so I didn't try them to know.  The chips here are awesome...they're cut like a really thick potato chip which I ordered as an appetizer, but wouldn't have had I known those were the same type of "chips" coming with my mom's meal.  The tartar sauce, I'm sure is made in -house so it does have dill in it, which it looked like the fish batter did also.  I didn't care for the tartar sauce but mums didn't oppose it.    Also I was asked if I wanted the appetizer chips to come out first, which I did because we were starving, but everything came out at the same time.  So for $6, it's a good appetizer, but not when you're already getting it with your meal.  The lunch sized portion was just right with 2 good sized pieces of fish, a side of cole slaw, and the chips for $9 (served before 4:00pm).  The chips also come with this delicious sauce which I would kind of describe as a fancier version of 1000 island.  Delicious!  I ordered the Shepherd's Pie, which I was somewhat apprehensive about after reading the reviews, but I thought it was pretty good.  It lacked salt, but I'd rather something lack salt and be able to add more than vice versa.  The presentation was absolutely marvelous, and the potatoes on top were to die for.  It was served with a side salad, also a lunch special for $9. I could have substituted "chips" for the salad if I wanted, which, again, I would have done had realized what I was doing.    Service was fairly quick, which it should have been as we were one of about 3 tables in the whole place, and our server was very friendly.  The Guiness brownie looked tempting, but I had a Snake-bite with lunch and that always makes me too full to even finish my meal.    All in all, a decent meal and I would definitely return again, but based on the fish and chips alone, Mums and I decided we're going to try another place next time.
The food here is good. Expensive though.  The Guinness pours are good. Expensive though.  Good whiskey selection...noticing a trend?  This place is expensive, especially for what it is. I mean, it is an 'authentic' Irish bar, brought piece by piece from Ireland...but aren't they all now? There are so many 'authentic' Irish bars that there is actually a cottage industry in salvaging pieces of Irish pubs and sending the pieces to America.   I don't think it should mean that everything is $2 more than it should be.   The food is good though!
I stumbled in her for dinner one night and brought an out of town guest, the service was incredible and the food was good but if you are looking for upper scale steer clear... My husband and I have since been back... once again, good service... good food...   This is where I first met Shawn Johnson who is an amazing musician, I will go back..   LOVE the back patio with a bar and smoking available...
We had cobb salad and corned beef and cabbage. Everything was great. Our server got our granddaughters balloon off the ceiling twice. Great atmosphere. We'll be back.
By far the best Irish Pub in the area!  The food is delicious, standard Irish fare.  Great whiskey selection, and the expected Irish beer selection as well.  PLUS- Every Friday night, The Paper Snowmen play, and they rock.
Odd Happy Hour. Terrible food.  The only time in my life I've ever seen a group order chicken wings and not finish them.  I mean, that's saying something isn't it?    Two stars because they have Guinness on tap and it's a convenient location so I always seem to end up there when I am in Tempe, even though it's not very good.  Note to self: beer only next time.
Best Mac and Cheese! craving it as i type!!!
i didn't eat so i can't comment on the food but i do have a friend that has ordered their bread pudding twice and it's never arrived. their car bombs were good and the outside bar staff was friendly. i'll check it out again and try some food
Kristen here! I like Rula Bula a lot. Like, a lot a lot. Rula Bula does not at all fit in with the trashy bars and overall poor restaurant selection on Mill Ave. It is a diamond in the rough, and it consistently transports me into a lively Irish pub, filled with authentic decorations and very very good food and drinks. I am not a fan of beer, but I am a fan of this place. Get the chicken pot pie or bangers and mash. You will not regret it. Love this place!
When Rula Bula opened I was pretty excited because I like things like Guiness and shepard's pie.  Both of these things are decent at Rula Bula and given the other choices along Mill Ave, this place looks like a foodie's wet dream.  The thing I like the most about Rula Bula is the wooden fixtures and the decor.  Oh, how I do not miss hanging out in Tempe, but if I had to go back, I'd stop by Rula Bula..
Very cool place to hang out.  The food is good, drinks are plenty!
I have frequented Rula Bula for a few years now and it is hard to pin point just one thing that keeps me coming back.  The food is great as is the service and I love the authentic feel of this Irish pub with it's odd ball, mismatched tables and Guinness decor.    I typically order the corned beef sandwich on rye and it is sublime.  The three cheese grilled cheese sandwich is also very, very good.  While some feel that the beer selection leaves a lot to be desired I have never really seen it as a problem.   My only complaints about this establishment are their lack of a "true" happy hour and the crowd that sometimes fills it's patio.  On a few occasions the patio bar has been occupied by some of the scummy mill crowd which is a disappointment as this is normally a great place.   I would highly recommend Rula Bula to anyone looking for some great Irish grub at a reasonable price.
The good:  Guinness tastes better here for some reason  Bar imported from Ireland is cool  great location with big outdoor area    The eh factor:  food is only OK  cover charge on weekends due to lame bands
My husband took me here during a rare event we get to eat a meal together.  Food was amazing (could have been the company I had with me too), but I got an enormous salad, which was absolutely wonderful.  Way to go!
One of my favorite Irish Pubs!  Love the atmosphere and the entertainment.  The patio on a nice day is a perfect place to hangout for drinks.  The fish and chips is a must and the Shepherd's Pie is a delight and really filling too.  Snakebite? Ouch! Oh wait you meant the drink - sure thing!  Bringing out the Irish in me....what does that mean!? Don't think the Irish and Chinese ever mixed in history...or did we? (The movie Departed was a remake on a Chinese Trilogy - Infernal Affairs)  Our service was quick for a pretty crowded place, but then again it was still early.  I've been there when I couldn't even walk a step....wait that was pretty much every visit to the Rula Bula! - Enjoy!
Awesome Irish pub! Friendly service and great atmosphere!
This review is heightened by their selection of alcohol on tap.  I am a Magners kind of girl.  Therefore, this place makes me very happy.  We had dinner here last night, the food leaves much to be desired.  Not sure when they won best fish & chips, but they're not very good.  I'm looking forward to trying some other places.  Overall, I think Rula Bula is worth it for happy hour drinks and apps, but not for an actual meal.  It's not much like an actual Irish pub, which is depressing.  I love pubs, and this doesn't meet the mark.
I go here for happy hour and enjoy hanging out on the back patio, which has a feeling of a quaint urban setting. The wait staff is excellent and friendly and they make an awesome snakebite! I have not eaten here so I can't say anything about the food, but the atmosphere is lively and I always have a great time at Rula Bula.
Best Irish bar in town.  We frequent their back bar. The bartenders are always helpful, fun and attentive.  The best overall: April. She works inside 5-6 nights a week.  Their food is fantastic. I havent tried a bad thing yet. Beware the Boxty though, its HUGE.   Best shepherds pie in town (most places put cheese on it, and but put i mean stack 3 layers of greasy cheddar on top of the mashed potatoes).
Been here a few times. Its good for HH but the food is off a bit. Whatever, it's good atmosphere and food and drinks are decent. I would go again but I have to say when I think of HH and or drinks and food this place never comes to mind. That should tell you something I guess?
I really like lunch at this place and think they have some great values on their menu.  I often get the lamb stew and along with the soda bread it ends up being more than I can eat.  I've always eaten up at the bar and the same bartender has been there to serve me over several years and he always goes above and beyond service expectations (I really appreciate that he always wants to know if I like my food after the first bite and always asks if I want a go cup for my drink as I'm paying).  Definitely a great place for lunch and at night they often have live music which rotates between inside and the patio based on the weather.  This is certainly one of my favorite spots in Tempe.
Went to Rula on an ASU football game Friday.  I don't think they put an ounce of thought into their business levels or needs of their customers.  I get there and the front entrance is closed off and there is a sign that says to use another entrance.  The arrow pointed in one direction but the entrance was actually in the back so there's one fail for directing traffic.  I finally get to the back entrance and it's understandably busy.  The bar on the patio is swamped so I expected to wait a minute to put in a drink order.  I stood there for 5 minutes (timed) and it wasn't until a female friend of mine walked over (didn't wave or draw attention to herself, just simply walked up) that we were acknowledged and asked what we needed.  Coincidence?  Not sure and I don't care!  We get our drinks and when it was time for round 2, I waited 9, yes, 9 minutes to order.  Again, same friend walked up and viola, "what can I get you guys?".  The bartenders seemed friendly enough but they had ZERO sense of urgency and apparently had some fixation with the right side of the bar because they were helping existing and new customers over there while I waited.  One guy (older) who was bartending and was moving at a snail's pace.  This held up the other guys from pouring their drinks so to pass the time along, they were all joking around with each other instead of acknowledging their customers (yours truly) and letting us know it would be a minute.  Laughable.  Another couple were waiting and discussing how bad the service was as well.  They got so irritated they ordered their drinks, slammed them down and left.  If you're looking for a low key place to get a drink, I would only recommend this spot if it's dead slow or if every other bar on Mill is closed!  PASS!
Rula bula is by far my favorite place on Mill, any time of the day! The cider is amazing and the food is awesome (try the potato skins). The atmosphere is also nice in large part because it's not a college hangout.
Sheperd's pie and Fish and Chips were AMAZING! ESPECIALLY THE CHIPS!
Good place to eat or get a beer for happy hour. They have many classic Irish dishes, burgers, and sandwiches. Sweet potato fries are quite tasty. Nice location right on Mill Avenue with patio.
I never really had a chance to see how this place was because they made a terrible first impression. I came here for a friend's 21st birthday and I wasn't even allowed to drink. Supposedly the bouncer said I was too 'tipsy" in line so by the time I got inside I was not allowed to order a drink. I tried to order a drink anyways and as I looked behind me I saw that there were two security guards practically babysitting me, making sure the bartender did not serve me. The hilarity behind this whole charade was that I was not even drunk. I do not understand one bit why the security guards had to treat me as an adolescent. I would not recommend this place one bit if you are looking to just relax and have a good time as you might find yourself being babysat and then escorted out of the establishment for no reason. "Even if you are looking to spend some good money and have a GOOD time."
I love Rula Bula, Lamb Stew is the best! Also, great fish fry. I am disappointed that they choose to charge a $2 cover on some nights. I went there last night to have a Guinness and some dessert, but they want a $2 cover because they have some lousy band playing to a mostly empty bar. I wanted to sit on the patio with my wife, but I am not willing to pay $2 to go into a place like Rula Bula. I know it is only $2, but come on...  Also, great patio atmosphere!
I went here a few weeks ago on a Friday night after I got off of work.  I guess I should start by saying that the only reason I gave this review 2 stars instead of 1 is because Rula Bula covered my friends tab the next day when he went back to settle the situation.  My friends and I had been there for about an hour before it was time for last call.  One of my friends had opened a tab, and upon attempting to pay it and retrieve his card, he was told that the system was down and that he was going to have to wait until the following morning to get his card back.  In fact, there were about 10 people still waiting at the back bar by 230 who were trying to pay their tabs and get cards back.  I had cash on me and even offered to PAY MY FRIEND'S TAB AND EVEN LEAVE A TIP, just so we could get his card back and go home!!  Then, when I explained to the manager that it was illegal for him to hold my friend's card over night, he said "Thank you inquisitor" and told me he didn't need a lesson in the law!  Then when I told him I did not think it was befitting of a manager to talk to a customer in his establishment that way he just dismissed me as drunk and walked off in huff and went back in the building!  At that point, an employee who was still out by the back bar even suggested that my friends and I go get a police officer to settle the issue!  I work down the street from these guys and I would never want to bring the cops into someones place like that.  However,  I can honestly say that it is because of my experience with the manager that night at Rula that I even created this Yelp account.  I will never go to that bar again.  If you want a good pub setting with a good staff go to Casey Moore's on Ash just off of University.
This place was cool - exterior is painted bright, sunshine yellow. Very cheery, yes, but the color doesn't seem to scream "Irish pub" to me - hmmm, I dunno... Inside was very charming - exposed brick and lots of wood - very pretty and "inviting". My date and I had the Irish Nachos - Yumm-meee!! Love the spuds they used too - reminded me of homemade spuds my gramma used to fry up for breakfast.  I had a Blue Moon and it was pretty delicious. They had a band which actually rocked - they played songs from Tracy Chapman, Tomy Petty, etc.  Good place to go - it does get crowded, so I recommend getting there sorta early to get a good spot.
Food was fresh and tasty. Great Irish fare. The vegetarian shepards pie with mashed potatoes was satisfying and different.  The service was a bit slow, but friendly. Very relaxed atmosphere.
This is my default happy hour/bar in Tempe. Prices are good and food is better, but it can be expensive outside of happy hour.  There is a wide selection of food and beverages on happy hour. Really, you can't miss on this one. BEWARE: Even though happy hour is 7 days a week, it is not available during special events, game days or for whatever random reason they feel. This part always makes me, a loyal regular, kind of pissy, but oh well. It has yet to deter me from going.  Every now and then, they have specialty dinners (single malt dinners, whisky dinners, etc.) that are quite awesome! Definitely be on the look out for posters in the bar and go to one. It's definitely worth the money and you'll be happy.  PS...they might have my single favorite bar food item...Hot Bollix. They are glorious, fried balls of deliciousness. Get some...NOW!
Considering that all of us were roaring drunk on New Years and this pub was part of the rowdy block party in downtown Tempe, our experience was pretty smooth here. Our waiter was very friendly, made sure our drinks were refilled and that we had plenty of water, and even furnished us with silly party hats, streamers, and noisemakers. The fish and chips were tasty, made more so by the awesome tartar sauce, and the corned beef, though a little dry, was tasty too. The whole pib was assembled in Ireland, and is pretty charming and not at all pub-sized, with plentyof seating for all.
Classic Irish Pub on Mill. Perfect for fish and chips, a Guinness, and a great bar atmosphere!  The food here is great. I tried the fish and chips ($12) and it was perfect. Lightly battered, perfectly fried. The chips were different but complimentary to the meal.   They also had several cider beers on tap (my favorite). When I asked which beer I should try, the waitress offered bringing a sample of each so that I could know the beer before I committed to a pint. Great service!  The outdoor patio is great for parties. If it's cold, they have heaters during the winter. Summer has sprinklers. They've got live entertainment inside on weekends and also trivia nights. If you're looking for a place to hang that is casual and fun, try Rula Bula.
Old school pub in Tempe. I like the patio with Christmas lights and heaters. It is the last bar on that side of the road so cool views of Mission Palma Hotel and Hayden Butte mountain. The fish and chips are bomb. Good happy hour food prices.
Expensive and crowded. Not fun.
I really like this place a lot.  They have a great happy hour menu with a lot of small plate choices.  It looks small from the front, but it is quite large.  I really enjoy the patio out back.  Plenty of heaters for cold nights.  Food was very delicious!  Can't wait till the next time I hide my bike to rula bula.  Also patio is ultra dog friendly so that is an extra point for me!
Great place. The wait staff and bartenders have always been great whenever we go.  I usually take my friends here when they come in from out of town as it's a bit of a haul from my house.  The patio is one of the best places to have a  Guinness in Tempe.  Highly recommend it.
Just finished dinner and the food was excellent.  Three of us had the fish and shrimp combo.  2 pieces of lightly beer battered fish and six beer battered shrimp. The batter was thin and tasty, the fish white and flaky. One of us had the strip steak with whiskey peppercorn sauce. Very nice sized steak, cooked perfectly, and full of flavor. The menu selection was very good and to say the least our meals were great!  We moved here from Wisconsin 12 years ago, and this is for sure the best beer batttered fish we have had since leaving Wisconsin. Great Food, Great Service!! We will be back!!!!
This is like the worst chain restraint, a nice barmaid but everything you hate to see on a night out otherwise. an embarrassment to the Irish bar name. go to olive garden instead
I have always enjoyed going to Rula Bula's and I have been there many many times over the last 10 years.  It has a great selection of beverages, good food, and reasonable prices.  I do not find the staff as friendly as at other Irish Pubs.  This was not always true, but I am not as satisfied as I used to be with Rula Bula's.   Some of the staff are very good, but others are lacking.
Bangers and Mash, baby! It's a good place. I was struggling between a few choices and the waitress suggested the B&M. It was a good choice.    Good place - comfortable. It's not really large, but it's nicely appointed. Very Irish-pub" feel.
I really like this pub. I have been to alot of crappy Irish pubs but this one is definitely not one of them. It was a great place to go on a sunday night to meet an old friend out for drinks.  They have very ample pub style seating, and a really awesome patio out back. The bartenders are cool and there are good amount of beers on tap. I had the kiltlifter mainly because the name is funny but it turned out to be a great beer that a had a few more times throughout the week while I was in Tempe.  My next trip out I will be trying the food as I have heard some good things about it.
This place was excellent!! The food was delish! I had the skirt steak salad and would order it again. The service was good, especially considering we had a group of 20.  The drinks were good, bartender knew what they were doing.   The place has a fun atmosphere to it.  I'll definatly be coming back next time I'm in Arizona.
Hands down, my favorite bar in Tempe.   I recently went for happy hour and they had awesome specials on drinks and appetizers. The waitresses are always great there as well.  I tend to go here on the weekends when it is really busy but it's a fun time whenever and it seems to always bring in good people.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to have a good time.
Rula Bula is among my favorite bars in town, and is easily my favorite place on Mill.  They have a great atmosphere with awesome live music, and while it can get crowded on busy nights, it's never so packed that you can't move around.  The patio is great year-round (they have heaters for when it gets "cold"), and they have a full bar inside and out.  The inside is gorgeous and feels classy without being pretentious.  As far as prices go, they're not the cheapest, but it's reasonable.  The best part is they have a great whisky/whiskey selection - amongst the best in Tempe (if not the best)!  I can't recommend Rula enough!
This pub is on the end off Mill... So for those who can make it past all the bars through the block lies this gem. It's signifigantly less crowded than any other bar on Mill, serves my favorite beer (Magners), has a huge outside patio for socializing however still has local bands play inside some nights. Very chill place, absolutely love it.
Happy Hour is ALWAYS fun at Rula Bula its one of my favorite places to go on mill its not filled with college Students but more of a mixture of post grad and established adults.  -The cider on tap is a must if you prefer a light beer  -When they have live music at night the vibe is beyond perfect
I did like the ambiance of this place...We sat outside weather was awesome. We ordered a bottle of wine.   We had the Irish Chips with melted cheddar cheese, pico de gallo, jalapeos, sour cream and chipotle pepper sauce., it was actually very good. I've never had it with potatoes! Yumm! The Buffalo Wings were BOMB! Did I mention that the Chips were off the hook! Feed me potato's!!!!  Downside:  The waiter was way chatty...and a little irritating. Before we ordered the bottle of wine I selected a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon, it was gross. I asked him to give me another selection and he clearly stated, "My manager won't let me take it back I need to charge you for it." I was in shock...I couldn't believe it so I started laughing.  At that point I told him to bring me a bottle of what my GF was drinking since it was way better and forget about the whole nasty glass of wine. It's all in the delivery of the message dude...I don't care if you charge me for it. At least go and pretend to talk to your manager then tell me you can't. Duh, It's called customer service. You know the line of work your in....Just Sayin!
This place definitely wow'd me!  I'm a California native and I was in Tempe for a wedding and me and fiance came here on two occasions, for lunch and late night drinks. For lunch we decided to visit this place, since it was so close to our hotel.  It was fairly quiet in there so we got seated and helped immediately.  Our server did a great job making sure we were happy and satisfied.  I believe her name was Rachel, very talkative lively lady, kudos to her for doing a good job. The next day we came here with a bunch of friends for some late night drinks.  All I can say was it was busy!  But I particularly liked the environment and feel of the place.  There was a live band rocking out to keep everyone entertained, the outside patio was alive with people but we all managed to find a great spot to chill out at.  The servers were incredibly polite and made sure everyone had a drink and didn't have to wait.  They also were very quick to clean up empty mugs. Overall some really good service here!  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the Tempe area.
Fun atmosphere, mixed crowd (some young and some older), decent food - live music and trivia nights. Been going for years, but it seems to be going down hill a little, or maybe I am just getting old!
Over the last year, I've noticed a rapid decline in the quality of service at Rula Bula. It used to be my favorite place to wash away my college woes, but now I don't ever want to go back.  On a Friday night in May I was out celebrating a friend's birthday with a group of 10-12 people. We were all ordering food, booze and overall having an excellent time. When time comes to mosey on home, the waitress informs me that my credit card has been lost. Problem #1: If a guest's credit card is lost, a manager should always come discuss this with the guest, not the server.  The waitress, Maddie, was horrified and worried, and suggested I leave my phone number with her so if she found it she could call me. She also gave me a comped beer, which I later found out wasn't comped but a beer she paid for herself. True true to her word I received a phone call shortly after close that night. For a variety of reasons, I was unable to pick up my card for a few days. Because of this Rula Bula put a pending charge on my credit card for $25 because my card was "left overnight".  Problem #2: management. In conversing with the manager via email, I received excuses, and was told several times that I was wrong about the credit card charges about which I complained, even after verifying them multiple times with my card company. In my emails I also listed several shortcomings I had noticed regarding the level of service, and received absolutely no input from the manager.  There's no excuse for poor service, lost cards, non-comped drinks after such an egregious mistake, and no real apology. The managers really don't seem to care, which is an attitude that rubs off on many of the employees, save for Maddie.   I'm sad to say goodbye to the best Guinness in town, but I simply can't keep justifying the poor service and lack of concern for customer satisfaction.
Lotsa reviews about this already so not sure what this will all mean.  Had the fish and chips (voted Best in something or another).  In short, fish was pretty juicy and got 2 fairly large pieces, but the batter was a bit doughy in that by the time I got around to eating my 2nd piece, the outside wasn't so crispy/crunchy.  A bit more of the tempura batter feel to it than, say, the harder/crispy coating on H. Salt or something.  Taste was good but got a bit soggy as it sat.  The chips were cool.  Not fries but potato discs.  In that sense, more like American potato chips (fish & chips, get it?) but thick cut, much thicker than a kettle cooked chip.  Good and crispy on the outside, but starchy potato on the inside.  I liked 'em.  Also had the mussels which were cooked in a thin alfredo-ey type of sauce.  Pretty good.  And these Spicy Bollix potato balls--I thought they'd be like potato hush puppies or whatnot but they were much bigger and as it turns out, quite wet/gooey on the inside.  Seemed like fried poi.  But, they were quite spicy (definitely not traditional Irish here) and tasty, too.  I'd recommend a go.  Ambience was a faux, rustic pub feel but there was a live band playing later and they rocked some Pogues and Flogging Molly pretty well.
Rula Bula is a "must visit" for the Mill Avenue visitor. It is a great place to just sit with friends, have a drink and talk. That is after all what an Irish pub is supposed to be. There is an excellent back patio with a satellite bar and misters. The food is typical Irish fare with everything from boxty to shepherds pie. Try the Hot Bollocks Spicy Potato Balls and wash it down with one of the hard ciders they have on tap.
Oh Rula Bula, I hate that this is how my last visit turned out. As evidenced by my former review, you used to be my favorite bar on Mill until last Friday, June 15th. I decided to have my birthday party and moving away party at Rula Bula. You guys were charging cover and would not let me in for free even though it was the day of my birthday. Seriously? You guys must be the only place on Mill with that policy! So I paid because this is where I told all of my friends I'd be and I went inside. Well apparently you don't do well in the customer service training area because the red headed girl taking the money outside was sweet enough to call me a b*tch while my boyfriend was still right there. While workers will gripe about customers, it would most certainly bode well for you to tell your employees to at least wait until the whole party said person arrived with has gone inside because saying that in front of people doesn't really help build good customer relations.  The only upside is that Emily was good server, she was attentive, though our car bombs were skimpy. Over all I am saddened that I will have to find a new place to hold my coming back party when I come to see all of my friends.
I've always had fun at Rula Bula. Summer nights can get super packed, but that is typical of a Mill Ave bar. In the winter, they have heating lamps in the back, and it's warm and cozy out there. They have cider, which is sometimes hard to find.   In the summer, there was live music. My friend and I had some fun when they were playing Irish music one night.
The only reason I am not giving 5 stars, is cause it is a wee bit pricey. But oh, so worth it! One of the best Guinness pours in town. Great atmosphere, misters on their back patio. I always get the Shepard's pie - out of this world. My wife loves the veggie version of the Shepard's pie and the salad with salmon. You gotta try a side of the brussel sprouts with apples. Yum. Like any place on Mill Ave, it get crowded TH-SA during the school year. And can get noisy.
Great service + great food + great beer = five stars. The bartender Camille knows her beers.  Fish and chips are excellent (as they advertised).
Came here on a Friday after 11pm.  They charge cover after 10pm I believe (after a certain time).  But it was only $2, so not bad.  The front door guy who checks ID can be strict.  Not sure if he was messin around but he made me smile so he can see if my lilps matched my lips in the picture.  It was a good way to check an ID that's for sure, but geez, really?  Anyway, we hung out in the back outside.  They had mists on because it was so hot.  I sat in a spot where the mist was dripping.  I guess it was a good thing because I didn't feel much from the mist.  We hungout here for a bit til more friends met up with us.  Our waiter/bartender was good, fast too.  Music played was good.  Drink prices were decent.  I don't know the price but I just know we ordered a lot of drinks and it didn't come up too expensive like at clubs...that's all I can say for now.
This was our second stop for the night at one of my friends going away party.  There was a $2 cover since there was a band playing that night.  I'm sure the band was good...I can't really remember.  But what I did remember is the drinks being a little on the weak side.  Now, I understand that I am a professional drinker, so drinks naturally seem weak to me, but my friends said the same thing and they are light weights.   The staff was very polite, so there are no complaints about the service.  It was pretty packed, but not rowdy.  I'll probably give it another try.
I had a late dinner here after a happy hour in Scottsdale. I had heard such high reviews from several people about the atmosphere, the food, the drinks, everything. I like gastropubs a lot, especially of the Irish decent. They're an aquired taste because they attract the dirty hipster type, I love the hipsters.  My first impression was Wow, they fit a pretty big restaurant inside this little place on Mill Ave. My second impression was What the hec is that smell? The entrance smells interesting. not a bad interesting, just different. Where I sat in the back stank of nursing home. It was an older building, that I appreciated, but it stank to high heaven.   I didn't order anything to drink but my food was really good. Had the St. Panciro Chicken sandwich. It came on a great big chibata bread bun and the chicken was grilled nicely with jiucy tomatoes and not-to-leafy lettuce. Mixed in was a spicey sour cream and the softest avocados I have ever had. I love avocados on a sandwich and they were wonderful with the chicken. The sweet potato fries were delicious as well, they came with a hot, spicey dipping sauce that was indeed hot and spicey! Make sure you have a glass of water.   It was a good experience for what we were looking for for the evening but I cannot say I would go back. Maybe if I was feeling hipster but the smell really turned me off.
Hate it.  Horrible.  Expensive.  Terrible drinks.  Rude bartenders.
Good pub food, reasonable prices, and decent service. I had the Irish Lamb Stew, and it was well cooked, tasty, and filling. Not gourmet, but for the price and the ambiance, I'll certainly go back.
This was my third stop on my first tour of Tempe. I came here on Friday, and was pleasantly surprised by an awesome Irish band playing, a really nice atmosphere and friendly bartenders!  I pulled up to the bar and sat down, ordered a beer and struck up a nice conversation with the bartender. I told her I had just moved here and she was more than happy to share her tips on other good places to drink!   I really loved the band playing that night, the songs were all Irish-themed and people were clapping and dancing around right in front of the stage. I can't wait to come back!
I used to like this place despite the fact that the customer service was lacking.  But after last night's display of utter disrespect and unprofessionalism of the manager, I will no longer waste my money in this establishment.  How does an Irish Pub hire a fantastic traditional Irish folk singer, then stop them half way through their show, publicly accuse them of driving off the crowd (nevermind the fact that he brought in his own crowd) and to be rude enough to say "Maybe if you stop the crowd will come back."  And from what I've learned, this is NOT the first time management at Rula Bula has cut an act off mid-show and asked them to leave.  The professional thing to do would be to let them finish the show and then not ask them back if you didn't like them.  But no, that would be too tactful and nice for Rula Bula.  Give the talent the bum's rush in public.  Not only will I never set foot in Rula Bula again, I will spread the word to my 520+ friends on Facebook and ask them to do the same.  This was just an insult to watch.
Horrible, horrible place......rude management, lazy bartenders, stupid servers. The place literally stinks.......as for being an authentic Irish pub....me thinks not.....its about as Irish as a mexican taco stand and trust me i lived in Ireland for a long long time.....its as though they bought the interior from Irish pubs r us mail order catalog. Clientele are preppy student types with not a lot of gumption who easily buy into the faux "plastic paddy" facade.......if you want a real Irish experience i would suggest O'Connors on Dunlap or Tim Finnegans or Seamus Mc Caffreys in Downtown Phoenix......avoid this place at all costs.....pure and utter crap....
Rula Bula has an excellent menu (I recommend the Rosemary Salmon Salad), great beer selection (Boddington's!) and wonderful service. The staff here is superb (and delightfulyy quirky!!!) and I love the Irish/Gaelic music; it serves as a great workweek lunch reprieve!
Decent Irish pub, great staff
I'm between 3 and 4 stars on this one. I went here for Trivia recently and sat at the bar. I had the shephards pie, which was delicious. There are a lot of good beers on draft, and the batender knew how to properly pour a Guinness.   They have trivia nights on Wednesdays. It's not a bad way to spend a weeknight.  Also, a word of caution - I only noticed 2 small TV's in the bar area. Not necessarily a bad thing, but if you're going out to watch a game it might be better to check elsewhere.  Overall, a good bar to get a properly poured Guinness, above average bar food, and a really unique atmosphere.
Pretty much always live music which makes this place awesome! they have deals on drinks often which is great! I enjoy coming here,
I proposed to my wife here. The staff was awesome and helped me out with the whole thing. We both thoroughly enjoyed our appetizer, entre (shepherds pie), and dessert. The drinks were great and not overly priced. I can't recommend this place enough.
I don't think I'm alone when I say that every time I go to an Irish pub I'm hoping to see a leprechaun.  Or at the very least some of his Lucky Charms... The only reason Rula doesn't get a 5 is the amount of time we waited for drinks / food.  Granted, we were there on a Sunday during the Tempe Arts Festival - but that' no excuse for drinks taking 30 minutes and food taking more than 75.  We got the Irish Dip with fries & the American Sliders - both were tasty and worth ordering again.  I took a peek at the back patio, which I think would be amazing with a group of friends.  This area of Tempe has LOTS of choices, so I might not be back right away, but if I'm in the area & am craving Irish cuisine / beverages / music, I'll come back fo sho.
They have Lagunitas IPA on tap. So  yeah, there's your 4 stars right there.  On top of that they are on my bike route home from school... so convenient. Super plus, my bartender kept my drink full and get this, didn't ignore me.  She was funny, and friendly, and really made my day. So yeah, I'll be back.
Rula Bula is a cool irish pub located on Mill Ave. They did have an outside area, but it  was very busy so we where sitted inside. The food was really good. I loved the appetizer sampler that I ordered.   There was a live band on night we where in there. Very hard to talk to anyone. So FYI not a good date place after certain hours as you can hear each other.
I've been coming here on and off for the last year to open jam/mic night on Tuesdays. The beer selection and liquor selection is top-notch for an irish bar. Lots of whiskey and dark lagers for the irish blooded folk out there. If you enjoy live music every night, then this is your ideal place for folk and irish tunes. Don't expect the best service, but don't expect the worst either. As for the food- WOW. I love the irish nachos, and the artichoke and cheese dip is phenomenal. Not to mention the fish & chips. The only thing that ruins it is the prices. I know they rack it up because it is a college town and frequency + prices = High profit... However, it kind of sucks when I only come in twice a month and my tab is always around $60 for a beer and some food with a friend. I have never seen a manager in this place with my own two eyes, but I'm sure they are lurking somewhere. Rula Bula is 'ok' in my book, but if I'm hungry I will eat before I come here.
We went here for dinner and drinks last night with some friends and had a great time!  The food was surprisingly good, great service, great atmosphere...and the band was AMAZING!  I could listen to them every weekend, they were so good!  The shepard's pie, boxty and chicken sandwich were all delicious!
Used to be a saddle shop in 1886.  Now an Irish pub.  Enjoyed my Fish and Chips with a pint of Guinness.  As authentic an Irish pub you will find in Phoenix, Arizona. Very friendly and efficient staff.  Love the design - I don't feel like I am in a gimmicky chain restaurant.
The only time I venture out onto Mill Ave is to come here for trivia on weds.  I try to avoid Mill Ave because parking is stressful.  There are very few spots to park for free.  You most likely will have to pay to park, even after 6pm. So far, I've had the potato leek soup, chicken pot pie and the fish and chips, all of which were amazing!! The fish and chips are probably the best I've had, and I've lived in Florida for 4 years where fish is their thang. The only thing I don't particularly like about Rula Bula, is that if you come in a large group, they won't split the bill.  I always feel like I over pay when I am forced to pay this way.
It's pretty good, but nothing really stood out as fantastic.  The best thing that can be said about Rula Bula is that the fish & chips are very good. It's a staple of Irish and British bars everywhere, and theirs is better than what I've had at places like Rosie McCaffrey's and George & Dragon. The fish is nice and light, the slaw is good, and the chips are actually in the shape of chips and not french fries.  The standard beers are available, and quite pricey unless you happen to go during happy hour. $6/pint... meh. I think you can do better, but maybe Mill Ave venues are just trying to soak up as much of mom and dad's college money as possible.  The service was very friendly and fast, as well.
The service is meh. The food is traditional Irish fair so to the unfamiliar it's bland. It's cabbage and taters. But the key is that they do it right. They are also one of the few places in, not just Arizona, but all of America that get's their Guinness directly from Guinness made the traditional way. They do have the BEST Black & Tans. It's a bar with bar food, but at lunch time I'm reminded of hardy bangers and hash and fish and chips and corn-beef hash and shepherds pie that I'm so used to. All their food is home style like your mom made it.  If the service was a little, and I mean just a little bit, better they'd get my fifth star. If you're coming down to the Phoenix from Flagstaff this place will seem very familiar with the hipster-dive type atmosphere that are most places in Flagstaff.
I'm in love with the Iron Druid chronicles books so I was excited to see if their fish and chips lives up to how Atticus describes it in the book.  AMAZING.  My BF doesn't eat seafood and he wished he could ordered his own instead of having a bite of mine.  Their Hot Bollix Spicy Potato Balls are unreal.  They come with buffalo sauce.
Few places on Mill Ave have stayed the same since I received my horizontal Arizona ID card... Rula Bula is one of them! And, it's kept all of the same 'charm' to remind us (whether we like to or not) of all of the crazy times back in college and even the times after we graduated when acted like we were still enrolled.  Rula Bula tries to hold true to its Irish theme from everything on the menu to the band that will get you dancing a jig faster than a couple pints of Guinness. The patio is also a fun spot, but get there early to find a seat. I've always found people to be friendly and willing to share a barrel where you can rest your drinks. Don't forget to order a few Irish Car Bombs and sip on some Jameson. In fact, Rula Bula even looks like pub you might stumble upon in Dublin!  Slinte!
Would have been five stars if the service had been better. For a Saturday night pretty empty so was surprised to see it take a while to get service. Food was fantastic as usual!
Your average pub; I am not a big fan of Mill Avenue.  However, Rula Bula is a great place with good food, good selection of beer, good service & live music.  I only gave it four stars out of my own personal preference.  This is still a good selection if you like the college pub scene; you should definitely check it out.
Great local place where the age group is not all 21 year olds.  Live music on weekends and delicious food.   Indoor and outdoor bars. Friendly staff.
Cute atmosphere, a few good beers on tap, good sliders. The waitress was kind of a snob and looked "busy" even though there were only like 4 other people at the bar, so that was weird.
The hot bollix appetizer is phenomenal. Mashed potato, cheese and bacon rolled into balls and deep fried, then served with ranch dressing and hot sauce. It's the most American take on Irish food I've ever seen. Unfortunately, that's where the food stopped being delightful for me. The entrees were merely blah. I supposed I should have ordered the dish and chips everyone raves about, but I just wasn't in the mood. Otherwise, the decor is great and actually quite authentic. Flogging Molly over the speakers? Not bad at all.  The beer...not enough selection and they need to clean their lines, but the Guinness was better than anyone should expect from a pub in Tempe.
I have mixed feelings about Rula Bula. I love Irish Pubs, and Rula puts on all the airs of being one, but decor aside, it never really completely fills the bill for me.  The drinks are good, the food is decent (love the oysters Rockefeller!) but the atmosphere has never really drawn me in. Maybe its because its on Mill, but I never see this as the kind of place I could hang out for more than an evening once every few months.  Still, if you're on the north end of MIll Ave and need a properly poured pint of the black stuff and a decent whiskey to go along with it, this is the place to go.
I absolutely love this place! Co-workers, friends and I come here for lunch and happy hour quite a bit. My favorite dish is the fish and chips: their ale batter is great and the lunch-sized portion is huge and very reasonably priced. Desiree is one of their servers/bartenders and she is ALWAYS exceptionally cheery, friendly and attentive. In addition to loving the food and atmosphere, the staff members, like Desiree, are the reason we keep coming back and recommending this place to others. Keep up the great work!
Great place!
Decent irish food... sometimes the wait staff is more than spacey. great place for happy hour or drinks :)
Delicious!  Mwah!  Had a wonderful dinner tonight.   I ordered the Bangers and Mash this time.  Nice presentation, and very tasty.  I especially enjoyed the mashed potatoes and gravy with this dish.  Creamy potatoes and perfectly seasoned gravy.  I highly recommend Rula Bula to everyone, in search of a unique dinning experience. They offer great Irish and English dishes. Jennie, our waitress, was so courteous and kind! What a fantastic way to end the week! Ask for Jennie when you visit Rula Bula! Thanks Guyz, and of course we will be back again.  Also, ask any of the staff about the history of the building.  You will be AMAZED!!!!!!!
This place is awesome great prices great place to go for a giant out nice outside patio for smokers great food good drinks great staff
I like it a lot. Only negative is it's location brings along the general 'Mill' BS that's unbecoming an Irish pub (dumb rules to keep collage kids in line and whatnot)  Otherwise, great service, great food, great drinks. A nice place to be :D
I love this place. Great atmosphere great food and friendly staff. I have had there fish and chips (Best in Phoenix). Mouth watering burgers and awesome loaded potato skins.  Great place to go for dinner or just go out for a beer. This is my favorite place on mill.
Loved the food! The service was also really good! The waiter made great suggestions when we asked and was knowledgeable and very helpful! Can't wait to go back!
Great spot for happy hours
If you love irish music, beer and liquor than this is your place. The food is good and the prices are average. Plus they are having promotions for their 13 year anniversary.
Great alternative to all the rest of the lame Mill scene. Basically the only place on mill you should feel comfortable at past 9am if you're over 28. The Pyramid Country party was rockin tonight but it took too long to get a drink. They must've been understaffed. Anyway, thanks for not charging a cover. See you the next time I'm forced onto Mill and able to compromise.
Sorry, Rula Bula.  You went from being my favorite bar, to one of the worst.  The people that take your money at the front are downright rude.  The guy with the round glasses tried to snatch the money out of my hands before I handed it to him which is NOT okay with me.  The new management is terrible.  Things used to run smoothly but now it seems as though it's always a mess.  One night we had to pay a cover and the bathrooms weren't even working.  REALLY?  There are far too many other places to spend my hard earned money; I'll take my business elsewhere.
Great atmosphere and great service. Food always hits the spot when your need some irish pub classics.
Good place to go if you a fans of Irish type of beer and/or any types of dark/thick beer.  I can't really handle the dark beer so I tend to not go there if I don't have to.  They do charge covers to get in, so be sure to shell some more of your beer money for that, usually $10 and a long line especially on the weekends.  I would rather save my money for somewhere else.
I changed jobs a few months ago and am now working in the Mill Ave area. Once again (previously at Old Town Scottsdale) I find myself writing about cool bars with tons of reviews containing details of fun nights on the town from the perspective of a working stiff grabbing a quick bite on her lunch break. Oh, well, c'est la vie!  First off, I was expecting a kind of dingy dive bar but the interior is actually quite nice looking. I liked all the little Irish knick-knacks they had around the place. And even though there were a couple of signs advertising whiskey and Guinness, there weren't a ton of neon signs everywhere... so during the day, the place really does not scream "college bar!" at all. The seating was comfortable and I liked that there was both an open area where you could push some tables together for a large group and also an area separated by a couple stairs with some semi-private booths. Our server was friendly and attentive and the food came out really quick.  I ordered the strawberry salad because I knew I was having a big dinner later that evening and I didn't want to fill up. Surprisingly, instead of the boring iceberg lettuce you would expect from a bar salad they had a nice spring mix. The strawberries were very fresh and the grilled chicken was cooked perfectly. All the flavors worked really well together and the only criticism I have is that the dressing was a tad too sweet. Overall, a really tasty salad. My fellow lunch companions ordered a burger, fish and chips, and shepherd's pie. All of their plates looked really good and they all enjoyed their food. I will definitely order the shepherd's pie next time since this is a favorite dish of mine and they serve a nice small lunch portion that you can get with a salad to keep the meal from being too heavy.  Hopefully I'll get to try this place for a few drinks in the evening some time but until then I will definitely be back for lunch.
Bartenders are friendly and the environment was chill. i liked it
Joe was effen awesome. Took good care of me and tiff. Was the kind of bartender you just feel good with. Dont get married.
One of the best little pubs in Tempe, friendly, not rowdy, not a meat rack, just good people and good spirits!
This is one of my favorite places on Mill Ave. I like Irish pubs and this place delivers. Drinks are good and it's worth visiting for lunch on food alone!
I've always enjoyed this place when I'm down in Tempe on Mill. Once I found out it was Pat Tillman's favorite hangout when he was in school at ASU it just added to the greatness.
Great pub. Food was good and a good selection of beer. Nothing was amazing, but if you like the pub style establishments, this is a great spot.
Beautiful presentation!  Great food!
Ah Rla Bla.  How far you have fallen in recent years.  What once was a warm, friendly and enjoyable "home pub" venue has changed over the last several years into a disorganized and seemingly mismanaged establishment.  If you are in any way familiar with Mill Avenue and Tempe, you likely know about and have been to Rla Bla.  It is a literal cornerstone of social and gastronomic life on Mill Avenue in Tempe. Having worked in Tempe for nigh on 15 years now, I've been a patron here for many a year.  Once the highlight of an office outing or a simple lunch with a friend or co-worker, the last several visits here have resulted in poor service and mediocre food.    We have a fairly large group to accommodate (10-15 people) and as such, always call ahead to make reservations.  Our last trip here at least started better than the last few (in which they completely forgot/ignored our reservations and ended up having to wait for them to clear customers and tables for us).  The tables were indeed ready for us upon the specified arrival time.  I was somewhat glad that we were on the back patio area, as the interior of the restaurant itself was overly warm.  Our reservation was for 15 and 14 of us were there within a few minutes of each other.  Drinks were fairly prompt, though all at the table commented that their drinks (from soda to water) all had an odd taste to them.  Perhaps the ice had been tainted with something?  Also the soda's were all very flat and watery.    We then proceeded to wait a good 20-30 minutes awaiting someone to return to our table and begin taking orders.  We finally flagged down one of the servers and his comment was along the lines of, "Oh, are you ready to order?"  Now, it's possible that they were waiting for our last person to show up.  Maybe.  However, any seasoned server knows that group luncheons are a dynamic event.  There are often times less or more than what the reservation is made for.  Some show up late, some leave early.  If it was in question, a simple "Are you all waiting for someone or are you ready to order" a few minutes into our arrival (like when they delivered the drinks) would have resolved this.    When a server finally did attend our table, his greeting was prefaced with the suggestion that we split our entire tab into 15 equal amounts to make it easier and faster for him to process upon completion of our meal.  Never in the whole of my gastrological life has a server suggested that we structure our payment in a fashion that is more convenient for them.  Be that as it may, we quickly discussed it and agreed to this.  We had already been there some time and as it was a work luncheon, didn't have a limitless amount of time.    Orders were taken and then the next long wait began.  An hour after arriving, our 15th member joined us and we still did not have our food.  Unfortunate or fortunate?  At least he got to eat with us, right?    Shortly after this, our food arrived.  For myself, I ordered the bangers and mash.  Pretty traditional dish for irish pub food.  Three half portions of bangers, served on a bed of mash with a red onion gravy.  Back in the day, my favorite choice here was actually their Pub Whiskey Burger.  They made a pub whiskey sauce that was phenomenal.  Sadly, it was removed from their menu a few years ago.    The bangers and mash is normally quite good but today it was fairly blas.  The sausages themselves were okay, could have used a bit more searing.  The mash was good but not very flavorful.  The gravy had no signs of onion in it.  And normally this dish is served with either the vegetable of the day or brussels sprouts with apples.  For some odd reason, mine came with... irish chips.  Sliced, fried potatoes to accompany my already sizable portion of mashed potatoes.    Curious choice for certain.  If there had been a question as to what I wanted, they should have asked me.  Under normal circumstances I would have asked for the normal veggies or sprouts to accompany my meal, but this long into the lunch, it just didn't seem worth the fuss.    Once we left, we pretty unanimously agreed that this was likely the last group luncheon that we would be having here.  It's sad to see such a storied establishment fall into disarray and mediocrity.  I hope they can make adjustments and improve.  Taken from their website, "Irish pubs are a retreat from the real world and at the heart of Rla Bla is the ready smile, the invitation to relax and enjoy good conversation, great food and drink, hospitality and humour."  This has not been our experience here in some time.  There is a lot of competition on Mill, which is only growing with the improving economy.  Robbie Fox's down the street has new ownership and will be re-opening as Public House on Third.  It also happens to be right next to our office building.  Where once we journeyed to the opposite end of Mill Avenue to patronize Rla Bla, we may find ourselves having our luncheons a bit closer to home.
I've been here twice now. I got the wings both times. Very good sauce- I did the Rula Bula and, I believe, Guinness BBQ. The beer selection is excellent. We had our first experience with Banana Bread Beer. Amazing!  The Guinness blends are great. Staff was very friendly and attentive. I don't remember the meal i had the first time but I remember being very happy with it.
Love this place! I always come in for a Black and Tan and fish and chips. The shepherd's pie is good, but a little on the cheesy side.
Came in on St.Patrick's Day after the Flogging Molly concert and smooth jazz music is on??!! Big. Fat. Fail. We had to ask them to put it on something different (How about some irish drinking music, it's St Patty's Day for pete's sake!) and it took the manager/bartender forever to get around to it. It looks like it was just somebody's ipad plugged into the system playing Pandora. On a side note, our female bartender was flipping awesome and knew a LOT of scotches.
Been here several times and always a pleasure coming back here. After running in the PF Chang's half marathon last Sunday, chose this as my post race meal and so worth it!! They have an excellent brunch menu and that was just what my tummy was in the mood for! Ordered the corned beef hash and poached eggs with the traditional Irish soda bread and believe me I was in post race meal bliss!! Extra kudos to the staff at Rula Bula since they had to deal with a ton of post race famished runners and yet remained super friendly and great service!! Try the Velvet Mimosa, Black Velvet and Champagne-super smooth and delish!
The food is too overpriced for what you get. I've never been to a bar/restaurant that let me down so much with their chicken strips. I mean really, how do you mess that up?? They weren't strips at all but more like nuggets and way over cooked. For $8.50, it was incredibly disappointing.  I observed other dishes my friends ordered and their food wasn't appealing either. I think I'll stick to drinks only from now on.
A disclaimer- yes, I went to ASU. Yes, I've been to Mill a few times. Did I know Rula Bula was anything more than a basic bar? Not really- not until I started reading an urban fantasy series written by local guy and all around cool gentleman named Kevin Hearne. It's especially fun being a native reading a book by a native, because protagonist's shop is on Mill, and is bookended by stores that actually do exist. He lives in Tempe, just south of ASU, and he's got his own favorite joints to eat at. All of which are local.  Which is also where Rula Bula comes in. Because apparently they make "the best fish and chips in town". Fish and chips? The best? Are you sure??? I had to check it out. Problem is I live and work in North Phoenix now. Trips out to Mill are few and far between. Until I went out there for a photoshoot. Voila, perfect reason to go eat there.  Now I did NOT get the fish and chips. But my husband did, and holy cannoli, they are good. Crispy and light, tender on the inside. I got the braised beef & Guinness boxty. Because I'd heard about boxtys before, but what WERE they? Are they good? Could you really go wrong with beef slow braised in Guiness? The answer, wee bairns, is no. Holy cannoli did I mention it was good? Savory and rich with a hint of bitterness. And a boxty is a bit like a crepe. It was stuffed with the meat, and you ripped it apart with your fork (no knife really needed), and shoveled this goodness into your mouth. My girlfriend got the shepherd's pie, and you know it's a good place when they master the classics. I'm not sure I've ever tasted a shepherd's pie this good.   The drinks menu was also pretty cool- I always enjoy trying out whatever craft cocktails they claim to have. Mine was... okay. I just remember really loving my girlfriend's. I tried looking at the website to jog my memory but can't find a drinks menu. Suffice to say it was warm and appley and had a stick of cinnamon to stir with. This was right around Thanksgiving time and there was a bit of a chill in the wind outside, so it was just absolutely perfect.   My vote? Absolutely go to Rula Bula, and do yourself a favor and skip the drunken frat crowd. Go early enough so you can get dinner, because to me that's where this place really shines.
This place has solid fish & chips and shepards pie.  Prices are reasonable and servings are generous.  We enjoyed the brussel sprouts with apples side dish too!  Casual ambiance. Our food came out quick and our server was attentive without being overbearing.   Will definitely come back here next time I'm visiting the area! I hear they have fun trivia nights!
I loved this bar when I went to ASU. I could always count on a fun live band and friendly bartenders. Great back patio area, definitely a nice change of pace from the "Frat-tastic" bars on Mill like Robbie Foxes and Cue Club. Some of the most memorable times shared with good friends were at this bar. I love the snake-bites (Guinness and Cider) and the Irish Car Bombs, and if you go on a Saturday the Sullivan's are usually playing and are always a good time.
Used to go to Arizona State and this is where we ended every night out.  Hard to find nicer bouncers and bartenders at any bar on Mill.  Great prices on car bombs and Guinness and a great late night menu also.  Good place to go to get away from the club vibe of a lot of Mill bars and just hang out and catch some live music  Atmosphere is awesome, definitely a place I'll be going back to every time I'm in town.
I have very mixed feelings about this place. The food is very good, great fish and chips, wings, and the "comfort food" is amazing! However, this place has consistently terrible service. I eat here often for the food and I can honestly say I have never once had a good service experience.   On my most recent visit we waited 5 minutes for the host to even appear at the front desk. After we were seated someone brought us waters and it was 15 minutes until we tracked down a waiter to help us.   I observed the manager walking aimlessly around the restaurant ignoring the fact he had 1 waiter working every table inside and that his host kept walking to the back patio to fraternize which at one point caused a couple to give up waiting at the front desk and leave.   This experience isn't representative of every time I've been here but it is never much better.   Bottom line: the food is consistently pretty good but the service/management needs to be overhauled. Also, lay off the blasting of Irish folk music, I understand it's an Irish restaurant but it can be quite overbearing.
Loved the place. Coming back when I am in town.
went with the office mates last week for lunch - seated immediately (after leaving Oregano's when told 30-40 min wait); two of us had fish & chimps, one had Strawberry Salad with Chicken, another the Irish Club Sandwich and Onion soup.   Service from Ashley was excellent, even though we were inside and she also had to cover the few people out on the patio, she still had time to bring two  of us another pot off hot tea.   The fish was fresh and crisp and perfect cod; the salad was delicious, and L said the onion soup was one of the best she ever had, and she loved the sandwich. quick and efficient service, really good food, and free parking in downtown Tempe. What more could you ask for for Tuesday lunch?
since it's opening, I've been to Rula Bula more time than I can count, and each time has been a great experience, the best feature is when the weather is right, a nice meal and drinks on the patio can't be beat. a stones throw from Tempe mission palms, and in the shadows of the old flour mill.  Drinks, food, service, and entertainment are great, Remember we're a collage town, and this is almost a necessity.
Good food good service
Ah, this is good stuff!  First off, they have free two-hour parking behind the joint, so plan your trip carefully.  Second, enjoy!  I'm a former native and I'm back in town with a friend who is also a former local, and he tells me there's this great fish 'n' chips place in Tempe, but he couldn't find it over the weekend.  So yesterday we're out and about and were going to go to Ted's, THE BEST PLACE in town for hotdogs, when we decided to look for this place.  Dave remembered something close to the name and it was close enough, and here we ended up.  Decor: very nice.  I can't say it struck me as authentic Irish so much as old American antiquish, but that's OK.  Drinks: I had iced tea, which was fine.  Dave had a whiskey which apparently he quite liked.  Food: very good.  We both had fish and chips, and we both liked it.  I was ambivalent about the "Irish" potatoes, as they simply seemed sliced at about a quarter inch and pan fried, but they were OK.  The fish was very good, nicely golden brown, and the tartar sauce was sufficient in quantity.  The coleslaw didn't do anything for me, but Dave finished his.  But what's going to bring me back is the rest of the menu.  I like George and Dragon in Phoenix, but I prefer to go there with either my wife or my oldest friend, and neither are in town, I don't like going there alone.  Thursday Dave and I and another friend are going to a movie at the Valley Art, and I'll get a chance to go a bit further afield on the menu, something that I'm really looking forward to.  And I heartily recommend the Hot Bollix Spicy Potato Balls as an appetizer.  They're quite yummy, they also have a little bit of heat, so if you're sensitive to heat bite in to one first before dipping in the buffalo sauce.   One complaint: for a Monday post-lunch meal, they were really slow getting our meals out to us.  They were less than a quarter full in the dining room and I'm sure had a few out on the back patio, I'm not sure why it took so long.  It wasn't a problem as Dave and I weren't on a schedule and were just gabbing, still, it was a little strange.  I'll definitely bring my wife here when we're in town together.
On wed nights they have trivia at 830. Trivia was fun. Many questions were from earlier than 1980s which was not fun and very challenging, lol. The food was great. I ordered an artichoke and spinach dip and guinness wings. They were very good. I also ordered the dirty Scotsman which is half Guinness and half kilt lifter. My friend ordered some chips, which are like really good flat potato wedges, but we never got them. The waitress forgot. And she didn't even come back so we can even tell her that she forgot them. The next time she came, it was to give us a box for the food. I.e, we were done eating.   Usually at trivia night I would have 3-4 beers but only had one because the waitress rarely checked on us, so how can I order more? Our waters weren't refilled either.  To sum up, 5 stars for the food, 1 star for the service and experience. :/
We visited during the Tempe Art Festival which is a busy time but this location was fantastic. The waitress made a couple of mistakes but everything was served well and our family enjoyed being able to sit outside. I loved the bread pudding and the peach cobbler cocktail, I hope to go back soon!
This is great place for traditional Irish food and music. I've been to Dublin and environs a couple of times and heard the music and drunk the beer and ale. The service is excellent and food well. My wife had fish and chips and I the Reuben. All good in all ways.  Then again, I've been to Eire and I'll go back there--and to this restaurant.
Favorite restaurant/bar on Mill by far. Even if you're not a fan of the Irish, you'll enjoy their foods. Their Irish chips (kind of like potato fries/wedges) are amazing!!! And so is their irish (french) dip. Great Irish pub atmosphere, a little more mellow than most Mill bars, great outdoor bar/patio.
I am very picky about fish and chips, so I will say that they are OK here. The main reason to go to Rula Bula would be for the atmosphere. The back patio is great for people watching and just relaxing with friends. It does get frustrating when you just want a drink outside, but a local band happens to be playing inside so you have to pay a cover to get in. I know that's the situation with a lot of other bars, but it doesn't help that I can go to a very similar bar a quarter of a mile down and not pay a cover.
Today was my second time coming here. I always like to start my reviews after my second visit incase the first wasn't as expected. Anywho, today, since it was so nice outside, my fianc and I decided to sit out on their beautiful patio. It's the perfect size for large parties and still have room for other patrons to enjoy themselves. My fianc ordered a beer called Smithwick's, highly recommended for those who love dark beer, but it's not as heavy as something like Guinness.   For the appetizer, we order the Hot Bollix, which is a creation of their own that is a combination of Irish Bacon, potatoes, Irish Cheddar Cheese, and a few other things, fried and served with hot sauce and ranch dressing.  OMG, they are addicting. For the main course, I opted for the Irish Dip and Swiss, which is like a French dip, but served with Swiss cheese instead. Pretty yummers. My fianc ordered the Reuben, which was big enough to feed two people. Needless to say, we couldn't finish it.   I'm giving it four stars because the service could have been slightly better this time around. The server did not refill my drink (iced tea). Other than that, it was rather enjoyable.
This place is the worst, the service was horrible and there was a hair in my food. DO NOT GO HERE PASS!
Another bad case of poor door managers. Nathanael is a b* and doesn't know what's up. Other than this little door man complaint the Irish car bombs are 2 legit 2 quit
A really nice bar and restaurant with some classic Irish dishes. The service was excellent and the food very good. And the draft beer selection was good as well - what you would expect at an Irish bar. The Guinness was not quite as creamy as I had in Dublin but I suspect the brew does not travel as well as one would like.
The Guinness was well-pulled. It was smooth and delicious. The Bangers and Masher with glazed carrots were very good. The mashed potatoes were very good. The carrots were good, too. The sausages were fair. They tasted a lot like some breakfast sausage I have had. They were nothing to write home about. Honestly, they were a bit disappointing. The one outstanding thing was the gravy. I've had sex that was less enjoyable. It was great. If they sold it on its own, I'd buy a gallon and a straw.
My friend and I stopped here on a whim and I'm glad we did! Rula Bula was a nice change from the quick paced eating experience you usually get on mill. I was a nice evening out so we opted to sit outside. The patio feels very private, surrounded by trees and decorated with strings of lights above.   The service was excellent and very attentive. I ordered the Vegetarian Shepherd's Pie while my friend ordered the Strawberry Salad with Chicken (each was about $18 after tip). I was thrilled with my meal and had more then enough for leftovers.   My only complaint was that there was a group of guys who were seated next to us half way through our meal. The group ordered cigars  and the smoke was blowing over to our table. If I hadn't already been served I would have asked to been moved as there was many other available tables.   Overall this was a great place to get away from the louder mill dining scene.
Rula Bula has great food, good atmosphere and is located in a fun area. The outside patio area is also a fun place to kick back.
We stopped by this place while wondering around mill St.   And it's delicious. .. very rarely do you go to a restaurant where every dish that comes out is delicious. ...I highly recommend this place.  Great food.  Great atmosphere and of course great beer. ..
My favorite pub in the city. Great layout, patio and atmo - second to none.  The food is the hidden gem, pretty much everything is amazing. The Guinness beef boxty is incredibly hearty and filling. Spicy bollux potato balls are off the hook.
Ok, we're Iron Druid geeks so we had to eat here.  I didn't kick Oberon under the table so we couldn't give him any of our fish and chips.  With that said...  The Fish and Chips are GREAT.  Everyone had a great meal, so much so that we went back for lunch the next day.  And again we were completely satisfied with our meals.  (that's 2 for 2, or 100%)  So it's an Irish pub with bar type food, but it's really good food.  So go eat here.    And if you see a guy with knotted tatoos from his foot up to his neck say hi.
The food is what you would expect from an Irish pub.  Decent, but not memorable.  The atmosphere, however, is pretty awesome.  It's a great place to relax and hang out with friends.  Sit out on the patio, if the weather permits.  They do have misters, which we know is a lifesaver during Phoenix summers.  I'm told that their beers are awesome, but not being a personal beer-drinker, you'll have to judge for yourself. :)
I used to love this place. Great beer and great environment.   It has gone extremely downhill over the past couple years...   The bartenders used to be awesome and personable. My past 4-5 times they have been so rude I've left after one drink. I'm 27, not a college kid and act responsibly - treating people without respect and rudely will make you lose customers like myself.   I was willing to pay your higher prices for better beers and cocktails, now I will no longer be going there. I gave you many chances...
Okay it gets a star for the patio but that's about it.  The food is just ok.  The main reason I don't like this place though is due to my first experience here.  I was at a bachelorette party and I am not a big drinker so I only had a beer.  I watched as the waiter "bought" a round of shots of the girls.  They each had a mixed drink or two and they WAY overcharged the girls assuming they were too drunk to remember.  This has happened at another bachelorette party I went to as well. Maybe this is just an Arizona thing?  Every time the waiter "buys" rounds of shots and then charges the table.  Not to mention that the mixed drinks here are REALLY expensive.   If you are into the Mill crowd and you want a party I suppose this place works, but be aware of your drinks and make sure you are charged correctly.  Do not just "open a tab" here.
The mainstay in my drinking diet.  This bar boasts a very diverse crowd of people.  Super fun to be really drunk at.  Pee on the blarney stone around the back.  The crab cakes are delicious.  Any drink you want, and they'll make it strong.  A huge hipster dork scene.  I have to say, if you are from out of town, go here on a Thursday or Friday.
My favorite bar in Tempe.  Chill patio scene.  Grab a pint and a table outdoors.  Due to its proximity to ASU it tends to attract a college crowd but there is a good mix of ages most of the time.  You can wear your grungies and not feel out of place, which is always a plus.  If you like uppity Scottsdale bars you might consider this a "dive" even though it's not.
IF you like Irish Pubs.  IF you like a Relaxed Atmosphere.  IF you don't mind seeing Tattoos.  IF you like to Watch People.  IF you just need a place for AWESOME FOOD.  IF you... want a Patio.  IF you... just want to chill.  IF you... just want to BE U.   Than, I suggest dropping by Casey Moore's Oyster House.  It reminds me of Seattle. With its interesting, eccentric, culture of people. Its similar to some pubs Down Under and has a feel of great relaxation. The food... is just short of an A+. ( portion sizes ) although I cannot complain, since I've only had Tasty Appetizers here so far.   BUT you know when the FOOD is GOOD, when you are asking the waiter for more bread to scoop up the remains of the sauce on the plate. I would have licked the bowl, it was that delicious !!!  Thus far in my 3 months here in Phoenix, Casey Moore's is # 1 in my book.    cheers...  ps.
I like this bar because of it's outdoor focus.  They have tons of patio space available and on warm weekend nights you can find it packed with a youthful, friendly crowd.  They have some good beers here as well as a few sea foods and other appetizers to help that beer soak in.
how can this be the 2nd most reviewed restaurant in phx and it only has 4 reviews?  casey moore's (or as i like to call him, Casey) is like megatron. they have a back dining area (which is supposedly haunted) which looks pretty classy and is quite serene, perfect for a nice dinner with your family from out of town. after dinner is over and your aunt and uncle drive their chrysler sebring back to their hotel, you can your cute cousin can head over to the main bar area and get tanked and you'll never realize you're in the same building as before. hopefully you'll get her drunk enough that she admits she's always had a crush on you too. bonus points if you find out she's actually adopted.
Only reason this doesn't get 5 starts is because of the college crowd, but this is such a wonderful bar. The oyster's rockefeller are superb, and your get that with some Guinness and your totally set. There's smoking outside, and if you live in the area you'll always run into someone you know
I have few places I need to return to while I am visiting my family and friends in Tempe, but Casey Moore's is one of them.  Fairly priced drinks, an entire patio (w/ bar) to huff on lung rockets, a friendly staff, and a mixture of every type of asu (pre/post/current) student you can handle.   For the fellas, if you gotta take a leak and don't want to go all the way into the bar to hit the bathroom, you can just go to the Blarney Stone (that is tucked in away from the partons dining on oysters) and release.   It's been a few years since I've been there, but if it is anything like it was back in 2004 then it is a great place for you to drink with your friends, and try to pick up some tail.
Huge patio where the beer flows like wine.  Oh, and the vodka cocktails are good too.  Very laidback atmosphere and perfect for groups.  Mixed crowd, from preppy to pierced and tattooed.  Can be a little bit of a young crowd but not as annoying as many other ASU bars.  Never have had the food, but have always had a great time.  Only downside is that it gets crowded, very, very crowded.  Update:  Minus one star.  Way too much patchouli.  I am too old for that nonsense.  However, still had a good time with friends.  The scene was a lot more rough this time around.  Without tattoos, we stood out like sore thumbs.
Irish pub near ASU.  Young crowd because of it's proximity to the University.  I've only been here on a Friday or Saturday night for drinks and appetizers.  Get's really crowded on the weekends.  Nice place to meet people or people watch.
First impression:   I read so much about Casey Moore's on Yelp that I asked my bro about it, so we headed over there this past weekend night. I couldn't believe how HUGE it was! Or how I didn't know about it on my previous visits to Buffalo Exchange and the general college area-us East Coasters aren't used to parking lots I guess...? But anyway, the bouncers were nice, and I couldn't believe how much we kept walking around outside. There were all kinds of seating arrangements to bascially accomidate any kind of group-from tables with umbrellas, to benches, to regular four person tables, to chairs arranged in a circle to even ladies lounging on these kind of upraised curb thingies, I was impressed with the variety. I felt I had stumbled onto a crazy backyard house party! The crowd was def. younger, but the huge groups of guys were polite when they bumped against you (your clue that this place is PACKED). Although there was tons of seating, there still weren't really any seats. We went in for the beers, but I saw another secret door at the bar and two guys walk in so my bar scene spidey sense went off and behold-two chairs at a table open! I gestured to my bro and snagged it, and lit up a horrible vice and people watched on the porch. It is def. a scene here, but it is pretty relaxed-I def. agree with that. He got me a guiness, which was fine (one gets spoiled by the countless irish pubs in Boston), and then the porch filled up. It is a little difficult to catch bartenders attention since the bar can go three people deep wanting drinks! I want to try the food, but the prices are def. steeper than I am used to...so I will have to let go of my east coast cheap oysters, I guess! But still looking forward to frequenting here repeatedly, trying the food and brining my out of state friends here to relax.  6,730th Impression:  One cannot have "just a beer, I guess, couldn't hurt" at Casey Moore's. This has become such a main stay in my life, as it does everyone else that loves it. Where else can you feel relaxed reading a book with a beer, running into your boss or cruising around all hot and sauced lookin' for hotties to seduce with slurred dictation? You can even bring your MOM here in the afternoons and eat their delish avocado and shrimp salad (may be one of the most perfect salads on earth). It really does feel like a permenant house party where you can strike up a conversation with anyone. I have to admit that on St. Pattys day I came here and shamefully peed on the Blarney Stone while guys stood guarded-it was like a rite of passage. Oh Caseys...I might even visit you tonight!
I never have a bad time at Casey Moore's, I dig the casual laid-back vibe and I love drinking my cider.   My only complaint: I really wish they would put some music on the patio though. Perhaps this is because they don't want to disturb the neighbors, but it doesn't have to be loud....it can be a guy playing the harpsichord in the corner...I don't care. Anything. Something atmospheric would be nice. Maybe some electronica. Cos on a down night it can get really quiet out there.  Other than my phobia of taking a drunken tumble down the front steps in front of everybody I love this bar.
Dear Casey's, Let me just start by saying that  1. I love you, seriously - it's bordering on an obsession.  2. Thank you for getting rid of the terrible horse shoe area to lay brick over that useless sand pit.  3. Please tell your bouncers that I appreciate their taking into account that one third of my income is spent on you every month when not kicking me out for getting too drunk on my birthday; they're always friendly and not only remember my name but don't mind chit-chatting while I wait for friends (along those lines I apologize for carelessly smashing your glasses while hopped up on booze and birthday glory- it was unnecessary and certainly out of line). 4. I know I tease you about your 'hot dog lights,' but during the cold winter months the red heat keeps me nice and warm and I don't miss any of the crowd watching on the patio- which happens to be the only place I can run into colleagues from work, past ASU professors, old friends, current friends, soon-to-be friends, old high school class mates, all in a matter of 20 minutes. 5. Please tell the fish in your lovely pond that I am sorry for "feeding" them beer all those times. Please also tell them I apologize in advance for doing it again this weekend. 6. Please tell your bar staff that I appreciate that they don't make fun of me or charge me some absurb fee for forgetting to close my tab when I stumble out at 2 a.m., and that happens a lot, so I really must congratulate them on their patience and keeping vigil over my precious beer charge card.  That is all for now. Till I write again... Sincerely, Your biggest fan
Casey Moore's has saved me from many a dull night. So far, it has been the only consistently great bar I've found in Tempe, in part due to the fact that the crowd is so chill and not too clicky. It is true that it's predominantly ASU students, but a pretty wide spectrum of them, and it seems so laid-back I would think it would be hard for most to feel too out of place. I don't feel like I've walked into someone's private party at Casey's, and I very much appreciate that.   I've also got to give props to the well-made drinks, decent beer selection, friendly bouncers, and a surprisingly good bar menu. I've had excellent sandwiches here on a couple of occassions.  Of course, Casey Moore's wouldn't be Casey Moore's if it wasn't for that fantastic huge patio that is a huge reason why bars out here can be so much for relaxing than in other climates. It doesn't matter how crowded it is or whether or not I can get a seat, I just love to walk around out there with my beer or martini, people watch (or fish watch), and lounge. No matter how crowded it gets though, the vibe stays easy and friendly, and in the winter hot and toasty as you (and sometimes some cool lizards) huddle around the heat lamps.  Always a good time.
I LOVE this patio.  It's lit well, warmed when it's too cold, and just has a great circular energy.  Last night we were here and a large group of obviously totally plastered men and women stumbled off this enormous camper that had just rolled up to the entrance.  That was weird.  Overall, an easy place to spot skinny jeans, or your philosophy professor at ASU.  Good burgers.  KILTLIFTER!  Don't forget to ask for the beer on special.  They give good deals on good beers!  Oh yeah.  Oh yeah.  Oh yeah.  The bathroom is really really nice for a regular run of the mill bar.
A little too college for me - meaning, that I felt a bit out of place, even though I'm easygoing, like to showcase my tats and couldn't give a damn about pretensions and stereotypes. I had the hunch that 90-95% of the people there are students (or in that age range) and wondered if a conversation were to be ignited, would it go anywhere?   Casey's is too smokey, too. But, if you avoid it Thursday - Saturday, it's a cool place to go in the early afternoon. My best friend and I chilled out here one sunny afternoon. It was very relaxing. Yet, I soon saw that even at 5 p.m., the place starts to fill up quickly. So, if you don't mind noise and you like commotion, this is a sure bet. Also, if you like Guinness, Ace's or the mix of the two (yum), you'll get your fix.
Casey Moore's and I have a complicated relationship.  I don't think there's a better place within 400 miles to grab a drink with friends, yet there are times when I just absolutely refuse to go here.  You see, if I go once, I'll likely have such a good time that I'll want to go again tomorrow.  This cycle will continue and, being a person who thrives on variety, I'll totally get sick of the patio, the (always interesting) crowds, and the food.  I don't want that to happen, so I'll just ration my visits out accordingly.  Casey Moore's is a college bar in the best sense of the term.  When I'm 40, I'll come here and not feel weird about it at all.  If you ask me, that is what  a great establishment is all about.
Although patio bars are a dime of dozen in the Valley,  there isn't one that stands out quite like Casey Moore's. People come out in droves to this charming century-old-house-turned neighborhood-bar, which is rumored to be haunted.  Guinness flows like water. The bartenders know nearly everyone by name. And the patio is a favorite among Valley hipsters, hippies and musicians, garnering a who's who in the Valley nightlife scene. Jimmy Eat World frontman Jim Adkins even named-dropped the Ninth and Ash haunt on the band's track "If You Don't, Don't."
I wanted to wait to review Casey's until I actually sat down and ate a meal there.  I go to Casey's pretty often on the weekend nights to enjoy some libations but I had not actually ate any of the food.    I went today to have lunch with a friend and really enjoyed my Shrimp and Avocado salad.  The service was slow even though there was only one other occupied table in the restaurant area.  The food definitely made up for the slower service.  They have a lot of seafood on the menu as they are an Oyster house. I don't know that I would ever try oysters in the middle of the desert but I hear their Clam Chowder is awesome.   A lot of friends eat here on a regular basis and enjoy it but I mostly go to Caseys for liquid refreshment only.   The only complaint I have is that this place gets PACKED some weekends and the wait for the bathroom can be ridiculous.  I really don't like overcrowded places and Caseys definitely has that potential on any given Friday or Saturday night.
Oh Casey's.   Every time I go here I remember that I should really start drinking more often. Sure, it's primarily a college crowd, and I am a few years out, but, hey, nothing wrong with sluggin' back some brewskies with the kiddies, right?  Well, maybe, but in this case, no. Most Tempe/Scottsdale bars tend to be meat markets of steroid users and plastic surgery victims, but not Casey's. It promotes a very chill vibe and a laid back atmosphere, which is what I, for one, look for when I'm having some drinks. Chances are, if I'm out, I had a long day or week and I want to unwind a bit.   There is no better place around to do that than Casey's.
This place really doesn't need another review, but seeing how it's my home away from home, I feel obliged to speak up from the peanut gallery.  I adore this joint as both a bar and a restaurant. It has the best patio in all of Tempe, nay all of Phoenix, no--history. Alright, probably not history. I mean, if there were a bar in the middle of some wicked beautiful natural reserve, I'm sure it would trump Casey's. But I'm not qualifying their worth based on beauty. (Sorry, dearest. I'll make sure to spend freely this weekend to make up for that slight.) The five stars it gets is based on the general relaxing vibe it exudes.  It's far enough off the Mill Avenue strip that the douchebaggery of those bars rarely flows over into Casey's. I've seen that the only gripe most people have with this bar is the occasional frat boy that wanders onto the patio, but even though these specimens in their natural environment are prone to swinging their dicks and strutting with impunity, they act different once they're surrounded by the regular clientele. The regulars could care less that you're the beer pong champion or top sorority sex kitten, can you engage in a meaningful conversation? No? Then kindly take your bulging biceps and stilettos to Scottsdale, where you're sure to be appreciated.  I love the fact that this bar attracts such a broad range of people, all of whom coexist in an atmosphere of mutual respect and happy drunkenness. The elderly come here for the oysters, the hipsters come here to show off their newest tattoo. ASU professors coexist with high school dropouts. Professional bar hoppers chit chat with weekend warriors. The food's pretty wicked as well.   French onion soup, the Hippie Sandwich, the Tuna Bacon Melt, the Fishwich (without bread it just becomes fish and chips, but way cheaper), the Oysters Rockefeller, the Chipotle Chicken Wings, the Clamstrip basket at 5 bucks a pop...it's greasy and divine. The prices aren't absurd, but are a little on the steep side for bar food, but it's totally worth it. And if you go for happy hour, there are free munchies inside near the dart board.  It's a lovely little pub with a great patio, friendly servers and decent drink prices. Go there often enough and I'm sure its subtle charm will capture your fancy (and your wallet), just as it has countless others.  Dearest Casey Moore, you hold a place in my heart and although my liver denies it, she thinks you're pretty cool too.
Fun Irish-pub type vibe with a great beer selection and not your typical bar food. I love the oysters on the half-shell, salads, sandwiches and fried zucchini/mushroom combo.  Casey's offers inside dining and a bar - but the expansive patio is the hang-out spot. The clientele is varied and full of regulars. People from all ages and backgrounds hang out here but it's especially popular with ASU students, staff and faculty.   The only downside is parking can be difficult, service sometimes slow and it can become fairly crowded - especially on the weekend.
I'm giving CM's two stars because despite the fact that the beer was decent and the food mostly tasty, I was so immensely turned off when I had to listen to the "we really don't do separate checks" speech from our server.   We were a party of 8 engaging in light drinking and mostly appetizers.   This was not culinary calculus.    I've served.  I've served parties ranging in size from 1-63.   Never, ever has it been a problem giving people separate checks, even 63 of them.   You teach your party to be patient but give them what they want.  "We aren't really supposed to do separate checks" is your way or signifying to me that you're lazy or stupid, with neither being a quality I want from a server.     Fried food, burgers, wraps and seafood are a dime a dozen.  What makes a restaurant standout is how welcoming it is, pardon the cheesey reference, but how much like Cheers it is.   The first step in the journey to earning loyal customers if service and whining about separate checks is no step forward--it's a backflip.
Here's the thing about Casey Moore's... the pub fare is bad.... except for the french fries and the free stuff that they have during happy hours on Fridays (they might have it on other days too.... I don't know).  I've heard that the restaurant food is actually good and that the oysters are flown in fresh daily.  The beer is decent.  The service is usually pretty slow.   Even at lunch when you are the only people there.  There are a couple of neighborhood cats that are always hanging around.  The people watching is good and I've had some of the my most interesting random conversations with people I've met in the ladies room.  It's just right there.  I could crawl home from there.  I could bike home from there.  I could walk on my hands home from there.  The point?  It is ridiculously close to my little house, therefore I frequent Casey's more than I might if it were on Mill Ave.  Plus I like polling men abotu their opinion on the Blarney stone (there are lovers and there are haters, but very few men fall in between).
My favorite place to go when the weather becomes a tick cooler than the seventh circle of hell.  Best French onion soup on the planet, and a most fantastic variety of beer (plus good cocktails, if that's what the doctor calls for).    The best part has already been mentioned -- that there is a huge variety of people come here and everything goes.  There is nothing you could show up in that would raise eyebrows, as evidenced by Greg P.'s most amusing nut hugger shorts and vomit story.  Love!
Es Gud!  *****UPDATE*****  what's up with the door guy? A bit of an ego problem it seems, so I haven't been going there for a while. Something about being hassled makes me want to go somewhere else for dinner.
This is THE place to go if you want to hate on Scottsdale with your friends. It can get somewhat crowded and you'll find more elbow room outside on the expansive patio, but I've never seen it wall-to-wall people. This is pretty much a well-known fixture of downtown Tempe and it's frequented by all sorts of artsy cool-type people. It's not your typical college bar. It's also not really some sort of locals-only club.   I tend to get tired of going there easily because my friends who consider themselves too cool for Scottsdale always mention either that or Bikini Lounge or some other Central Phoenix hipster dive. I also find that most people are much younger than me... it's not as bad as a lot of bars near the campus, but it's still pretty obvious. That could just be that I'm getting too old to go out though. Perhaps I should just stay inside.   I mean, I agree with my friends who think Scottsdale is full of douchebags, but I staunchly disagree with their belief that there's nowhere cool to go in Scottsdale. Scottsdale is littered with awesome non-douchebag places to go. I guess that's beside the point... almost... I guess I just think that a lot of people from Phoenix and Tempe see Scottsdale as being full of snobs (Snobbsdale) apart from the douchebaggy scene. It seems like they are always saying how lame Scottsdale is because everyone sucks and blah blah, but that kind of attitude just sounds to me like reverse snobbery. Like "I'm too cool to hang in Scottsdale... " Whatever.  So Casey Moore's - it's basically an old reliable pub. Not the easiest place to get a drink at, but it's a cool place to chill and drink and talk with friends without having to yell over techno beats or top 40 hits. The upstairs is supposedly haunted and the owners are constantly pissing off the neighborhood residents because it's hard to find parking and people are noisy on the patio. Shit, I just realized someone else described the patio as "expansive" also - well, whatever - it is.   If someone says "hey, meet me in Tempe - where should we go?" Casey Moore's is probably going to top the list for lack of anything much cooler.
I never go to Casey's at the right time, so it seems. It's usually Friday night when I'm bored of my usual haunts and It's packed full. Packed Full, that's a problem? Well, just for me, i suppose, since I'm new to the area and don't have friends here, yet. I have tons of work friends that drink there and never seem to see them, even with hundreds of happy drinkers. Good place to meet a chick from myspace, plenty of witnesses. It's a big, crazy house party with drunk coeds on the lawn.   But when it's that full, getting a seat at the bar can be tricky, or a table for that matter and when you don't know anyone it's more of a challenge to squeeze in. I've been told to come earlier to get inaugurated into the family, we'll see, it could happen. The staff is friendly enough and the beer selection is plentiful. Parking is interesting, they have a small lot that fills fast and theres always alot of bikes out front. With pedals. There is parking on the street and walking is not uncommon.
The weather has turned and Casey's is a great place to hang out on a perfect Arizona afternoon. This is why I love Arizona, when the heat brakes, it is just great to go out on any day and have drinks at Casey's. Call in sick people on a Tuesday and go to Casey's, sit on the patio and have a few drinks, it's awesome.
After being dashed around Tempe like a lost sheep who strayed from the herd, I was eventually ushered into Casey Moore's. The colors are the gaudy southwest type and the building is rather large and unassuming. Must be a converted house smack in the University District, right? Yes. That it may be, but it's so much more than that. Inside tends to get crowded but where the real action is at is on the ginormous patio they house. There is a separate bar outside for all the action and plenty of people flock to it's calling. There are drinks a plenty, people watching a plenty, food a plenty and oysters. Oysters?  In the desert? Sure, why not? Shuck em down!  Bonus: for the guys, the Blarney Stone is not to be missed!
My favorite bar in Arizona. Great outdoor seating, great food, great beer, great staff. The bathroom line can be annoying sometimes, but it's never that bad. If you are a guy, you could be peeing on a fountain. The only thing to be weary about is that you'll probably end up running into someone you don't want to see.
New found respect for my favorite bar in Tempe....  All the names have been changed to protect the dead...  Went in right before last call... I walk in and a stranger says hi and introduces to me to his Friends (I love talking to strangers its always nice when they talk to me first)  after a bit the strangers tells me hes buying the Bar a round of shots...  "wow, what are you celebrating?" I ask  "my Friend Steve committed suicide on Monday!"   well if you ever needed an excuse to drink that's a good one....  So the bar tenders where very nice and poured 20 Applesauce shoots...they ring a bell he makes a very eloquent speech....about his friend Steve.......we all drink up...  Then as the bar filters out this girl comes in up to him and in a big cheery voice...  "hey are you Steve? I here Ur buying drinks!"  the cround went silent and let out a huge gasp of air...  Now I imagine right after your Friend commted suicide your pretty much on the edge....I almost assumed he was going to start crying....or yell at her....or even just walk away.....But instead he was very cool about it....  "I'm buying drinks, in honor of my Friend Steve who committed suicide."  I was impressed by his demeanor and the fact that he didn't hide from the facts....  I was also impressed with the service at Casey's...they could have cruelly taken advantage of his situation here (there's a story about a drunken NYC firefighter on the anniversary of 911 here....but that's later)  they took care of him very well, and made sure he was safe....  Plus one star....   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Bad...ah $10 minimum on cedit cards...  Good: Amazingly Cheap! it took me 3 drinks (Vodka red bull)l to get to that limit! LA: $15 drinks Tempe,AZ $4.50!  last went Halloween Saturday...Packed but amazed at the 4 bartenders out in back patio on there efficiency...speed and quality of drinks they where slinging even though there was a line to get to the bar they still where personable I even saw them help take pictures for someone when they had a chance to breath...  Peeps: yes ASU cround but all so some older local "students" that will always be talking classes.. and some great local Artists...  Decor Irish pub with the largest Patio you have ever seen I was trying to meet someone here it took me several rounds untill I looked in every nook and crany...I think the servis is slow just because the place is that big....the Fountain bathroom is not a selling point for me. the inside is quite nice...  so all combined really slow servis, the Peeing fountain, and the $10 credit card limit I'm going to knock a star off. but its certainly a place id go back to.
Casey Moore's is all about reunions. Any time I'm in Arizona and want to see my old friends, I find them at Casey Moore's.  It's like being the lunchroom in elementary school again, moving table to table and mingling. Seriously good times.  I honestly have never gone to Casey Moore's and not run into someone I know.
Everybody raves about this place.   But, come on...the food is not that great-  over-priced greasy bar food.  And the crowd-please it's horrible. Just because a lot of people go there doesn't make it amazing.   The only pro is it is a great place for big groups and it has a pretty nice patio.   But, its impossible to get a table.
Underage, my first visit to Casey's, I went for the delightful food, and managed to stay for the strong long islands. The bar tender didn't ID me since I had been in since lunch; I got trashed and ended up following strangers to a party across the street where I passed out on a checker board.   The bathrooms are notoriously crowded--desperate, I went into the men's bathroom, (I'm a girl), where I  shared a stall with some chick I didn't know--that was my second time to Casey's, but my first being hit on in a men's restroom. Also that night, a woman drunk to the point of crazed intensity, urinated herself and stumbled out onto the patio where--wet and googly eyed--she was accepted by the drunken and peaceful patrons.   My third time to Casey's, I fell in love. Right there, under the Palm Tree whose white lights shine year round.   My last time to Casey's,  a little over two years after we drank and laughed ourselves absolutely love sick under the night sky on the casually mooded patio,  even the chill Casey's vibe couldn't take away the uneasy chills and deep pitted anxiety of lost love.   The drinks are strong, the patio's dreamy, the inside smells like beer rot, and Casey's usually leads to good conversation and an adventure.
I cure hangovers by eating oysters and drinking bloody marys on the patio at Casey Moore's.  I don't know what it is about that combo...the sunshine? Possibly. The juicy shellfish? Maybe. The double shot of vodka mixed in a spicy tomato juice concoction? Probably. Best breakfast ever.
Casey's is probably the bar I've been to the most since I've lived in the Valley, and although its seen me through many phases of growth along my twenties and in the full spectrum of sobriety, it has remained so reassuringly consistent.  I started coming here while still in grad school at ASU in 2000 and I was hooked by the best patio in the Valley and the eclectic mix of people indie, students, yups (.... the sportos, the motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, waistoids, dweebies, dickheads  ... okay, that last part was from Ferris Beuller).    There is no better mesh of drinkers in the valley than you will find at Casey's.  Its a comfortable place for everyone to come and drink.  Heck, i even had my after-graduation reception here with a bunch of family and out-of-towners who really enjoyed the atmosphere, drinks and food as well.  Its a place to come for day drinking, happy hour, special events (St Paddy's), early evening, pre-concert, late night, and last call. Its good to take your date or your best friend or even the fam.  If you like beer, its your spot, if you like the hard stuff, its your spot.  It is truly "the perfect bar".  Oh, and you can always count on this place being "alive" because something that really fucks me up about the Valley are the lack of people drinking in bars I'm at ... and that kind of atmosphere tends to suck all the life out of the evening.
This is my favorite haunt. Whether it be St. Patricks Day, before a sundevil game or just a place to meet some friends for a quick drink. Gavin and the rest of the peeps are great. The food is the good, whether out on the patio eating bar food or inside the dining room indulging in dinner.   This place will always be the primary place to grab a Guinness for me.
I agree with the poor reviews on this place. I have found the food to be expensive and very boring. The drinks are ok, the beer is ok, the atmosphere is ok.  It's very... ok.  Maybe if I lived in the neighborhood and could walk there I'd feel differently.  However, I don't, so I won't be returning anytime soon.  Oh, and it doesn't seem very Irish bar-ish to me.  They have Irish beer, and Irish type food, but thats it.
This is one of my favorite places, especially when the weather is nice and I can grab a seat on the patio.  I always love the eclectic crowd that is here, a very far cry from your "Snotsdale" bars in the valley (probably why I love this place so much).  The service can be spotty at times, but regardless the servers are always very friendly.  My favorite things here are the oysters and a pint or 3 of Guiness, and their teriyaki wings are extra tasty.  If you are a fan of chill, funky places, this is the place for you.
I enjoy hanging out on the patio at this place. Diverse crowd, cheap drinks, always something going on. I don't live in Tempe, so I don't hit this place very often, but I always enjoy myself when I do.
So for my 100th review I decided to write about Casey Moore's. It is a delightful combination of two bars at Ohio State that my husband and I frequented quite often during our years in Columbus, so it brings back fond memories of nights of heavy drinking and chilling on outdoor patios during the few precious months of warmth we have in the Midwest.  Casey's is a great spot if you want a laid back bar, especially on a Friday afternoon when you skip out of work early.  My husband and I are big fans of places where we can sit outside, have a few glasses of beer, and catch up since during the week we are occasionally too busy to really see each other much.  The other great thing is the cross section of people Casey's attracts...undergrads, grad students, professors, young professionals like myself, and other folks who live in or around the neighborhood.  Service has always been friendly and prompt each time we've been there, whether it be a Friday afternoon at happy hour or a Wednesday or Thursday night at 10 pm.  The only food we've ate at Casey's has been the mozzarella sticks (the perfect fried food companion to beer) and they are delicious...I really enjoy the light battering because it doesn't sit so heavy in my stomach.  My only small gripe with Casey's is their parking lot which gets full pretty quickly and you can't park on some of the streets until a certain point in the evening.  But I guess that really means that my husband and I shouldn't be so lazy and should just ride our bikes.
This always has and always will be my favorite bar and it is also a wonderful restaurant.  I'm not a bar person - especially not these days, but Casey's holds a special place in my heart.  I think that it has to do with the outdoor patio.  I love the space.  I like the trees and shrubbery.  It feels quite homey.  I've ordered many salads, sandwiches and burgers - and have always found the food surprisingly good.  From appearance, it doesn't look like that kind of place can put out such good food - but they do!  I suggest a late afternoon stop by for early dinner and beer.    Great place!!!
This is a great place, one of my favorites, to grab a drink and relax. you don't even need to go with people because you are often guaranteed to run into somebody you know! The drinks are poured with a giving hand and the food is pretty damn good. Often times the specials that are offered are amazing!  Casey's is a great place to hang with friends or sit and relax on a weekend afternoon.
It was just okay - my hubby and I literally planned all our meals per reviews from YELP!!! Except for Yvonne's Cafe which of course turned out to be two stars...   Casey's was pretty chill and our waitress was extra nice.  The food was okay,  the clams was not worth 14 bucks, literally twelve clams... the wings were good for 6 bucks, and the seafood sandwich with fries - just forget about it - imitation crab meat with some dressing, not what I call seafood.  The seafood sandwich was recommended by the waitress.    If we ever head back for some spring training action, will definitely give it another try - and eat a burger or something!
I have been here twice and both times sucked.   Today was the worst it was 4PM on a Sunday and there were a group of hammered assholes, screaming and it ruined my meal.  The Fat Tire is at least good at this place. Also you can't get in the door unless you have 3 piercings, and 12 tats.
I was here one time, for about a half hour before it closed, and in that thirty minutes I deemed it the best bar in Tempe.  I consulted with friends from that area since then, and I have heard that I am correct.  One of my friends said that Casey Moore's was the only cool thing about Tempe.  I'm happy to be going back to AZ to experience this awesome bar again.  It doesn't even scare me that I'm going alone, as I feel like I will make friends right after I walk in.
I want more of Casey Moore's, but the question is how much more?  My first experience with Casey's was a good one.  Keep in mind I went on a Wednesday night,  and it was mellow. I think this place could be rather obnoxious on a weekend, if it full of ASU students. I was fortunate to be hanging with some Grad students and couple post graduate people, all who were mature and chill. Reading some of the negative reviews (and talking to friends)  I get the impression a few meatheads, could really ruin this place for someone.   The decor, location, and sprawling layout makes this place very different from most Tempe Bars. It's hidden away on Ash st. and besides being right next to train tracks, it's very quiet. I like the fact it's old, weathered and nostalgic. CMs has a good variety of beer, and great prices (Stella for $3.50 Woohoo!)   I think like any place who you meet up with, will enhance your experience. I had a chance to talk to some fellow Bostonians, as we chatted about Boston culture.  Throwing lines out like "Get the Pitccha it's cheapa"  or "I'm foockin Caaacked."  My personal favorite topic of conversation, discussing the dreaded all white Red Sox hat turned backwards. Anyone from Boston knows not to mess with this guy.   I suggest CMs, for drinking and conversation, and now having been there on a weekend, it's still  pretty chill, at least after Midnight, where we can let it all hang out.
Casey Moore oh how I love thee.   You helped me through college even more than all my classes and prof's combined.     You taught me that day drinking was an acceptable practice.     You taught me on many a nights that drinking and biking don't mix.  You even clean up nice enough that I brought my family and grandma here for dinner once.     Happy hours with co-workers you're into that too.  First date, yup, you're on it.  Thanks Casey!
I am not one for a college bar hangout.  I have been brought here several times and I have to say that those several times have been lackluster.  The food was good bar fare with giant portions.  I haven't tried the oysters yet. Soon.  My rec is go here for a late 2 martini lunch.
Oh Casey's.  So many memories made, so many forgotten by the next day.
Casey's is forgiving and she gets 5 stars. I've been going there for ten years and even though I have been kicked out multiple times.. (Using the blarney stone, using the mens restroom, generally causing a rukus).. They always let me back in. (Sometimes with a stern warning to behave..) Their food is decent and inside dining suitable for family. I truly love this place, she is like my home away from home.
What I like about Casey Moore's (other than the obvious drunkenness) is that it's a converted house. I'm a sucker for anything that's not in a strip mall and the fact that it's in the historic Maple-Ash neighborhood in Tempe is a bonus. It's neat to sit and drink on the large patio and watch people walk to their homes or on their way to Mill Ave. I'm always jealous of those people. If I could afford one of those houses, I'd move there and frequent Casey Moore's every week. Being walking distance from such a cool bar? Score. It's a nice change to have brews on their large patio and enjoy the winter or spring weather.
C Moore's is a nice place.  The only "neighborhood" bar I know of in Tempe.  Good beer selection and some decent eats.  I'd visit it again.
One of the better bars in the area. It's a real gem hidden amoung the big tree's. It reminds me of a place back home called Nye's.  So if you want to just go hang out with a great mix of people and drink, and hopefully not fall in the pond that's in the back, it's a great place. Summer is usually a better time to go to avoid the young college crowd. Those little guppies don't know how to handle their liquor yet! The staff there is great. Humorous and if your not a total doushe bag they'll mix you a mean drink. I wish I could go there more often because it's always a good time when I'm there.   OMG and I had this really good sandwich there once. It was killer!Mmmmm......sandwich.....uuggghhh!!!  I wanna go there now!!!! You wanna go there? Let's go!!!!
love this place. great food with local feel.
A cool 96 degree summer evening in Tempe, 3 delicious ice cold brews and average bar grub made for a splendid way to spend a Saturday night with friends.  If I went to college at ASU I know I would have been a regular at this place.  I love how many places there are to sit outside and I love the lighting.  I can imagine day drinking would be glorious here although I have yet to experience it.  I ordered the strawberry chicken salad and it was great but for some reason the spinach was not cold...maybe that 96 and balmy had something to do with it.  My boyfriend had the burger and my best friend enjoyed her seafood sandwich.  The star of the table was the chocolate cake which I sadly bailed on.  The ambiance makes the place and when in the area, I am sure to return for a casual evening with friends in the future
All time favorite. My husband and I go here frequently. Great place to catch up with friends or just simply have some beers and people watch. You must try their Hippie sandwich and the oysters.. .WOW! Great place to start and/or end the night. If taking kids, they can only be in the dining room until dinner time. Totally chill and away from the Scottsdale scene. Bring a deck of cards...
This is my favorite bar in the entire world.  While in college at ASU, we found a mathematical truth:  No matter where you were in Tempe and where you were heading, Casey's was always in the middle.  I really like that it doesn't cater to one crowd, but instead welcomes all.  It goes through phases with different groups, but at the end of the day this is just one of the most comfortable places to knock back a pint or 5.
Okay...i was with a bunch of ASU students on a Friday night.  For not liking the uni crowd...i had tons of fun this time!  Our server had the timing of a Swiss watch, up to the second accurate as to when the next round had to be ordered, and never skipped a beat!  I drank 10 London pubs worth of gin and tonics and had a happy buzz going.  I was kinda hoping that this crazy guy sitting with us was gonna start shit cuz I was feeling good and numb I could've gone a full 10 rounds with him, but I maintained and circulated instead.  I am giving Casey Moore's another star for our stellar server!  If the management reads this I hope that they believe in merit raises and employee rewards and utilize these incentives.  My rec stands...unless you are going with a gregarious group who can handle a lot of alcohol.
This place deserves the accolades.  As far as I've found, it is the best bar in the greater Phoenix area.  The huge patio space and limited interior means that it's friendly to both smokers and non-smokers, which I think has had a large part in their popularity.  It also just seems to attract an interesting crowd, and I think that's what really makes it different.  Every bar attracts a specific average of people.  Casey Moore's tends to attract those involved in creative fields like theatre, film, music, etc.  I don't want to say this means any one thing, but it really does make the place more interesting.  If you are creatively inclined, you are far more likely to meet someone you might actually like as a human being there, and that means a lot.
Let me be the first to pile on Casey Moore's with review number 72!    As a place to go drinking with friends-4 stars.  Great atmosphere, diverse crowd, good stuff on tap (my favorite is the Four Peaks Scottish Amber), great outdoor seating area.  For dining they get 3 stars.  It has been several months since I left New England and Casey Moore's is my first venture out for seafood, albeit with diminished expectations.  That being said, my Fish & Chips ($11.00, Cod, not the Haddock overhanging the plate I had grown accustomed to) was pretty good.  The fish was lightly battered and done just right-moist, tender, soft and juicy.  The chips were skin -on fries.  My wife had Salmon Oscar.  The salmon was slightly overdone, and the crab and hollandaise sauce was a little too fishy.  She ordered a double cooked baked potato that looked and tasted exactly like the prefab twice baked potato's that came with some Omaha Steaks I received from my boss last Christmas.  There were also slices of zucchini and yellow squash which were sauteed with mild seasoning.  The waitress was outstanding and gave us unbiased recommendations such as: "I would stay away from the Surf & Turf.  We just don't go through enough lobster and the kitchen doesn't always do a great job with it.  It gets sent back sometimes."  Good to know.  She also recommended the Salt Cellar for great Fish & Chips.   Overall, I would give them 3 stars and I would return for Fish & Chips and drinking.
This bar is the coolest hang bar in valley.  I liked it so much I moved across the street from it.  The patio is huge and usually always buzzing with drunks and attractive women or the ever coveted hybrid of those two groups.  They have a decent tap, and the place is relatively well priced.  It seems to be the central nodal point of the Tempe hipster scene.  I met a lot of people through there.  A good place to go if you're single or as a couple.  If you're a guy, you even get to piss in their "blarney stone".   The bartenders are super cool, and make seriously stiff cocktails.  Go there, tonight.
I had lunch here last weekend. I have yet to experience the weekend night crowd though. So I plan on going back. I had the seafood salad sandwich and it was awesome. I love the neighborhood and the relaxed feeling of the place. My only complaint was that our waitress was really bad. She was pretty vacant. We ate lunch and then took a short walk to shop for vinyl. All in all, a rad Sunday afternoon.
I went to Casey's last Friday night and was severely disappointed in the food.  I had their signature Cajun chicken dish and it was one of the worst meals I've had in recent memory.  The beers and drinks were good and the fries were amazing, but the chicken was just not good.   Since my friend's meals looked decent and the atmosphere was fun and friendly, I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 1.  The outdoor seating area was huge, colorful, and had a great vibe.
How can you go wrong with Casey Moore's,  This chill location is like no other, located in the middle of a residential district Caseys offers a chill location compared to the busy Mill Ave.  The wait staff and patrons are great peoples that come to enjoy a good beer and their friends.  Be ready to enjoy a very diverse crowed of people here.    The food, Ok well the food is above average here, personally I like the fries and the sandwich, I won't boast about every item on the menu.   Look for the lights on the tree when you driving down Ash.
This is one of my favorite bars in the world to spend time at. The crowd is always a great mix of people. The drinks are always cheap and come quick. I always run into a friend or two that I haven't seen for awhile, and wasn't expecting to see here.   It does get overly crowded sometimes, but that is definitely part of the charm.
When you go to "the bar" in Tempe, you go to Casey's. It is THE neighborhood bar (literally), and it always feels like home.   In the summer, sit outside and sip on your ice cold beer. In the winter, sit under the heat lamps and bundle up to whoever you're sitting next to. It doesn't change; Casey's is always a good time.
what a great great bar.  I love coming here in the day and relaxing all day with friends. It is such a chill place.  The food is pretty tasty and the waitresses are always cool. There is a mix of everyone there from punks, to preps and everything in between and everyone is cool.  I also love to pee on the blarney stone and you should do it too if you get the chance.  If you are bored and are not sure where to go this is the best answer.
Four stars because I've never eaten here, BUT ... as for the bar ... what hasn't been said? It's a cool place, especially with all the outdoor space.  Speaking of, you know that one week of GREAT weather between Summer and Not Summer? Go here then.
Great bar with mediocre food.  The best times to go are happy hour and from 10pm on.  Happy is $2 off food and $1 off beer.  I get the wings during happy hour and am always full from what seems like more than a dozen.  This is kind of a see and be seen place, but not a meat market like the bars on Mill.  If I am downtown and get sick of annoying frat kids, Casey's is always good.
So Casey's has been reviewed up and down on Yelp. I hope to provide some detailed information to help you get the best experience you can when coming to this neighborhood bar.  First off, there are beer specials every day. If a review states that the beer was $3.50 it was either on happy hour or was the beer of the day. Most of the beers on draft are regularly $4-$4.50. They also have a decent selection of bottled beers (and Boddington's in the can).  They have a board inside at the end of the main bar that has daily specials, this will usually consist of a higher dollar specialty item and desert along with a lower cost lunch type item. Just ask your server and they will give you the run down.  If you are in the mood for a very fast appetizer, the clams or shrimp will arrive in usually less than 5 minutes. Other apps come out as usual 10-15 minutes. Sandwiches and salads run about the same time depending on what needs to be cooked. I personally recommend the Hippy Sandwich with Blackened Chicken.  If you are looking for less of a crowd avoid Thursday-Saturday, as said before the bar is very popular and the weekend warriors come out in packs. Tuesday is a great day to come out, the special is Black and Tans but you can get either Bass or Guinness for $3.50 all day/night.   A good place to park is the alleyway behind Buffalo Exchange or the parking lot to the east of it. If it's a busy night don't even try to get in the main parking lot.  Sunday's a bartender named Tyler works the outside bar and he makes a seriously spicy Bloody Mary. He also loves to high five, don't let him down.  Hope this info helps you have a good time at this great neighborhood spot, see you at the bar.
Good because it's local, and you can sit outside and smoke. However, it is also highly, highly overrated. There is nothing special about the food or beer selection, and the parking situation is almost always horrid despite a large private lot.  Worst of all, it is usually peopled by soft, pudgy ASU kids. It's the kind of place sophmores and juniors go to, saying, "wow! This is so college! I am so in college now! Look how college I am! I'm going to flip my baseball cap around and put on some flip flops!"  For a real hole-in-the-wall, find a hole-in-the-wall. Casey Moore's is a place that was a hole-in-the-wall and is now firmly ASU establishment - a good place to network with the future VPs of Dupont.
Good place, good people... Me and my girl go here all the time and here you will find all kinds of people and I do mean all kinds of people. Which is a good thing, I love there chowda and clams, still haven't found a damn pearl though ha... The bartenders are cool I don't really order from any anyone else but the bartenders, no reason it just happens that way skip Zuma's and the Tavern Go there! just to step outside your box for once
Everytime I come here the service is great. Great food, great drinks, good prices. One of the best bars in Tempe, if not THE best.   A few bad things... The inside bathroom is pretty terrible and waaaay too small (another outside). Sucks when your stuck waiting for some coke-head to get out of the bathroom so you can go. Parking can be a real problem, mainly on weekends. You may have to get creative where you park (side-streets, near dumpster, dirt).   Crowds here consist mainly of ASU college types, hipsters, and theatre geeks. I've noticed most of the older folks usually hang out at the inside bar. No jukebox, but sometimes they have random entertainment, like setting up video games outside. Giant patio for smoking, if that's your thing too. Be prepared for large crowds on weekend nights. Oh, and a hungry kitty prowling around  =)  This place is definitely worth checking out if you've never been.
we don't know why this place has such a great reputation. it's loaded with hipster douches and assholes with attitudes who all look like lumberjacks.  boring.   it's just not that cool. the oysters are good though. free appetizers for happy hour on sunday. that's pretty much the only time to go. there's also never any place to sit on a busy night. dumb.  it's the shady's of tempe.
Casey Moore's was my favorite place when I was at ASU. Good bar food, I would always get chicken fingers and clam chowder.  At night I loved the bar outside and the booths. The outdoor bathroom is pretty unique too... I couldn't believe it the first time I went there.. I thought my buddies were messing with me.  Anyways... now that I'm not in Tempe I miss it so it's definitely worth going to
The food is always consistent, the atmosphere is like a little oasis in the middle of the desert.  I love the owner...Casey Moore!!
A classic. Go on the early side if you want to enjoy dinner, stay late for the crowds. Get their oysters rockefeller.
Drinks are a bit over priced. The food is above average bar food. My problem is with the doorstaff; it seems like everytime we are there the doorstaff is hustling me/one of my friends about dumb stuff [IDs, expiration dates, footwear, etc.]  They also seem to have a proclivity towards abuses of power. I've seen the doorstaff get into altercations, where they clearly had the upper hand/control of the situation and still continued to use violence [for fun]. Most recently, they had a guy on the ground on Ash in a headlock and still continued to kick him. Sorry, but I need a de-stressing waterhole.
This is a bar. I have never ordered raw oysters here, but the Oysters Rockafeller, though they take some time to arrive, are well worth the wait. The bartenders and servers are all super cool, they have a nice selection of draught beer and single malt whisky too. The crowd ranges from incredibly down to earth and musically inclined, to yuppy gay hipster, with a liberal smattering of Tempe Locals Faculty  and Students.  I don't really think that anyone plans to come to Casey's to eat. You eat at Casey's because you have been drinking!!!  This place has a really beautiful grounds. The beer garden and victorian really are a lovely setting in which to soak in your friend's story while. Lot's of eye contact and flirting seem to go down here!
I am finally compelled to write a review because I have frequented this establishment on more than a few occasions and for multiple purposes - hunger, thirst, and the need for a busy scene with a good dose of hipsters.   To eat: The food is ok, but I would never bring out-of-town guests here for dinner to impress. Would definitely recommend coming here after dinner or for a nice, fried drunken snack. To drink: The beer selection is decent, the wine isn't awesome but cheap, and the rest will get the job done if you are willing to wait at the bar.  Really, I come here for the scene. It's busy - lots of different people walking around. You can mingle with strangers or have a private conversation amidst the busy, drunken, smoky scene. Sitting outside makes it the great bar that it is, especially with the heaters on during the colder months. The waitstaff is super chill, considering the kind of banter and shenanigans they have to deal with. Overall, this is one of the cooler bars in Tempe and I'd go here over any Mill bar any day.
Casey Moore's is an institution as ASU. Having attended ASU and frequenting the establishment during my four years it is the bar I hold all other bars against.   I'm not going to bother writing an in-depth review because there are enough great review and very few bad reviews. I will say this Casey Moore's, unlike many of the bar around ASU, draws a diverse crowd. My art and design friends and my fraternity friends all came here regularly. It draws a bit older crowd as well, lots of alumni in the area still drop by.   As a restaurant I would give Casey's 4 or 5 stars too. Hell, whenever my mom would come to visit me she wanted to eat lunch as Casey Moore's. If you are averse to being around a bunch of college students then perhaps this is not the place you should be drinking at but it is still worth a visit for lunch or dinner before the night crowd comes.
I'll start by saying that I love Casey's and I definitely frequent there more than any other bar in town. But the service is absolutely the worst around (outside at least, and I would not recommend going inside). Expect to wait 15 minutes to get a waitress to notice your table and then expect another 15 between ordering and actually getting your drink. Oh, and don't be surprised it your waitress confuses Smithwicks with Fat Tire.  That said, the drink prices are good (especially during happy hour), the location is awesome, and nothing beats sitting outside at Casey's on a nice afternoon/night.  I would not recommend eating anything that isn't fried (how is this place an oyster house?!), though it does have good food for drunk people.
Casey's is a great place to bring friends and relax outside. It's also great for a late night meal and a beer. Their food is pretty damn good and I highly enjoy their pear cider mixed with Guiness. Yum. It's always a nice change to be able to sit outside at tables, instead of cramped inside some dark bar. The only down sides to this place are it can get quite packed so you're out of a place to sit  for the night, and it can take a good 5-8 minutes to get a drink. At least they have two bars.......!
To be a bit more helpful, I gathered up the list of beer specials and have a few more tidbits to add for your e-consumption.   Daily specials:  Monday - Newcastle  Tuesday - Black and Tan (Guinness and Bass, either together or separately)  Wednesday - Stella Artois  Thursday - Four Peaks Kiltlifter  Friday - Smithwicks  Saturday - Fat Tire  Sunday - Sierra Nevada   There are five total televisions; four in the main bar (two LCD big screens) and one small TV at the back bar. Sports is usually a safe bet, assuming there is something worthwhile/local to watch. If it's slow and nothing is interesting, ask for a channel change. Wait a minute, why are you here watching random things on TV?   The dining rooms ARE handicap accessible, you will need to speak to a staff member to have them open the back door and then go around the south side of the building to access the ramp. Handicap bathrooms are also available, again ask a staff member.   The main bar has a "classic" dartboard and a chalkboard to keep score. Ask the bartender for the darts.
Its a rarity to find a neighborhood bar with this kind of character and such a great patio.  The food is good, and at great prices.  Bartenders and servers are friendly and the place draws a very diverse crowd.
Casey Moore's is the kind of place where you can get comfortable at 11 at night, drink a pint and smoke a pack with other weirdoes and hipster wannabes. I'm a little bit of an awkward geek, and I always find myself pretty comfortable here, regardless of the time of day or my mood at the time. Hang around the outdoor area around the side and back; that's the best spot in town and everybody seems to know it. Since it's just off-campus, they're naturally a little extra careful regarding ID checks. Both entrances are usually manned by someone checking IDs, and it's pretty much the standard for downtown Tempe, so get used to it. Drinks aren't cheap, but run pretty much standard for the area, and they do have a pretty decent selection of brews for the beer snobs (count me among said group). Their daily specials are worth taking advantage of when you can, and their food is pretty tasty when you're hungry and just need to chow. I'm not a huge seafood fan (blame my desert heritage), but even I can enjoy these things they call "Oysters Rockafeller". I think what I like most about the place is the interesting mix of people you're bound to meet here. It's deep in the heart of college town, smack dab in a neighborhood populated by crunchy old granolas and tattooed art punks. I think I ran into my old life drawing teacher there half a dozen times. Just don't let yourself be intimidated by the d-bag hipsters, and you can have yourself a pretty good time. Thursdays and Fridays are the busiest, but it's a rare place where you can find a steady flow of patrons and regulars every night of the week. I suppose that's the benefit of literally being the "friendly neighborhood" bar.
Love the ambiance here, and it doesn't get any better. Don't bother sitting inside; the outside is the place to be. Grab a few beers, get the club sandwhich that has chicken, bacon, AND ham and enjoy!  We use to have ASU classes here when I was in grad school. I love this place.
Not much to add to the other reviews. We happy houred there a few times and eat oysters and fries. The drinks are strong, the bar tenders friendly, people drunk, and the oysters a bit small. Maybe they shrink on long plane rides...;-). In summary, a pretty happy experience!
Her name is Peaches and she is my bartender and not yours.  Sure she'll still serve you, get you shit faced and maybe even remember your name; she is good at what she does.  She'll take your money, talk some shit with a mischievous smirk and you might even get a genuine laugh out of her from time to time; but she is my bartender and not yours.  You see dear reader; I know Peaches from a time long before she was a bartender and even before I fell in love with and was heading to Casey Moore's on a regular basis.  That is to say I know her from the "real world" that we one and all leave behind as soon as we stumble past Casey's gates and on to its rustic yet ample and cozy patios.  We've been friends longer than you've been trying to score her number or weasel a free drink from her; which are big No-No's in the bar world.  Peaches is fast, funny, friendly, fair and no, she won't go out with you; so stop asking.  If you get surly with her she'll give it back twice as hard and even when Casey's is packed to the gills on a Friday night, with her behind the bar you'll never be waiting long for that next thirst quenching libation.   Combined with how absolutely fucking awesome she is at her job, my pension for draining brews and the fact that Casey Moore's is going to be around forever, my patronage to this place isn't likely to waver anytime soon.  Of course Peaches is the reason I still go to the place.  With the death of the Mill Ave of my youth, it is harder and harder for me to bring myself to make the freeway dash from my compound in Central Phoenix.  But this is a bar review blog, so if she is my bartender and you are either new to the valley or have been living in a hole for the past decade here are some reasons non-bartender related to fork over your hard earned doe for a night of drinking delights.  First off and foremost, Casey Moore's is one of the last holdovers from what Mill Ave and downtown Tempe once was, a living breathing, drunken time capsule if you will.  It is an iconic relic of days past when Hayden's Ferry still actually made flour, before the dried up Salt River bed was terraformed into a stinking, mosquito infested swamp and when the only tendrils of corporate Americas extension was Fat Tuesdays.  Everywhere you ventured were dive bars, tiny music venues, independent stores and family owned eateries.  And now a decade later Casey's is the last bastion standing all alone as a reminder of the "good ole days".  The bar itself is technically a restaurant, serving up very good if not slightly over price grub.  It also one of only a handful of places in this desert oasis that I would recommend eating an oyster from; that's right, ice cold and on the half shell honest to goodness oysters.  It is a great place to grab a cool one on a beautiful October afternoon and the solace of the location (in a residential neighborhood and literally, off the beaten path) is broken up at random intervals by passing freight trains.  On the drinking side, Casey's has a cramped interior where you can throw a few darts or pony up to the bar; and if you are feeling froggy you can even grab an honest to goodness meal in the interior dining area.  But where the place truly separates itself from the pack is the patio.  Running the entire length of the property it is an enormous "L" shape.  There are tons of trees, tables, benches, heating lamps (for those chilly winter months) mister systems and hurricane fans (when it is hot), a Koi pond, full service outside bar and the infamous Blarney Stone all of which make the outside hospitable and desirable year round.  There are a dozen or so beers on tap and most days and night there is some of drink special running for all you college kids on a budget.  Even though Casey's has a hardcore following of loyal customers, the medium age for patronage is roughly 21-26 and due to its proximity to collegetown a vast majority of these are college students and artistic types.  During the summer months, when all that is left in this sun scorched hell on earth are the hard core locals and those too stupid to leave, you will find me there.  And maybe if you are lucky enough you can join me and find your own bartender, just like mine.  Casey Moore's has no cover charge and proper attire is never required.   Depending on what is going on in the valley (or more specifically Tempe) it can be packed to near capacity or eerily dead.  Food is slightly over priced and actually pretty good.  There is almost always something on special so ask your waitress/bartender.
The actual bar (especially the outdoor area) is really pleasant in the cooler months.  That being said its also near the university so can be overcrowded with snotty hipsters at times.  A good place to socialize with reasonable prices, and oysters, yum.
+ Cheap & fresh raw oysters. Not very big, but we're in a dessert, and with that price, I'm not about to complain + Delicious clam chowder + Amazing blackened trout + Unpretentious atmosphere (aka reasonable price) + Prime location, downtown Tempe + Decent parking  This is my favorite spot to chill and relax with friends. And did I mention they have oysters on the half shell for $12/dozen?
This is a fun place for appetizers and drinks if it is not too crowded and the temperature is just right outside.  Otherwise the inside gets way too packed and you have to go outside where it is sometimes way to hot or way to cold depending on what month you go.  I have been here many many times for dinner/drinks/appetizers and have had a good experience every time.  I am not really a fan of most of their food but do enjoy their oysters and their beer.  The service is relatively quick, prices reasonable, and staff fast and friendly as long as it isn't too busy.  However, this review isn't just about sitting outside drinking beers with a few friends.  This is about a very unique experience I had recently.  Until recently I had no idea this place even had an upstairs.  It turns out there are a few small rooms upstairs where patrons can dine.  So, I reserved tables for 10-12ish people that were to join my fiance and I for dinner/drinks for her birthday.  I called a few days prior and they were very friendly and said it wouldn't be a problem.  Upon arrival the night of we were taken behind the bar where a "secret" staircase could be found that leads upstairs.  I have been here many times and had NO idea about those steps or where they led.  Anyway, up the stairs, are 2 what used to be bedrooms converted into dining areas.  Each room had several small tables.  They reserved one of the rooms for my party which was perfect.  They put all the small tables together in the middle of the room and it was more than enough room for everybody.  Our waitress and servers were quick, friendly, and had plenty of stories about the "haunted" 2nd floor.  The food was ok and I should have just stuck with oysters and shrimp but oh well.  I guess its all about the same after a few drinks.  We were upstairs at our table for about 2 hours and they didn't try to rush us out which was good on this busy Friday night.  I could have sat up there longer to avoid the hassle of going downstairs and fighting to get a drink and a table, but my party grew restless.  We headed downstairs, grabbed a picnic table outside and had the "typical" Casey Moore's experience.
have to write a quickie! this was great, my BFF and i jumped on the rail on monday, and went to Casey Moores. i had never gone she loves the place. i was not disappointed, it was a beautiful day and we sat outside. services was great. beer was great. i had wings, i liked them. we did order potato skins,which had green chile's in them, kinda weird?? but i liked it, other people at the table didn't.. overall i will be going back.
Casey Moore's is my favorite place to meet friends and enjoy an evening catching up.  The appetizers are consistently great and the veggie burger (get the chipotle mayo!) is perfection. It gets extremely crowded on Thursdays, Fridays & Saturdays (11-close). Although that doesn't stop me from going, if you are hoping to find a place to sit without stalking getter-uppers, you'd beter go Sun - Wed night.  Dinner hours are almost always accessible.  I'm a veg, so I can't comment on the seafood....But my friend Skye hearts the oysters!
I've been here once, and I will only go here once. I met my husband and some friends there after work sometime in February, when it was still cold enough at night to require jackets and outdoor heaters to sit outside. We were seated in a dark corner of the patio, where there were THREE portable heaters, none of which were turned on. We asked our ditzy, busty, DUMB waitress FOUR TIMES to turn them on, and she kept saying, "I'll have to ask someone to do it. I don't know how."  I finally asked her WHO she had to ask, and she pointed to the dirty looking guys acting as bouncers at the gate, who apparently are the only ones in the joint authorized to turn on the heat lamps. Fine. I walked over to them and asked if we could get our heaters turned on, and the guy walked right over and did it for us. Took all of 30 seconds.   Oh, and it took about 45 minutes for our food to arrive, and when it did, several of the orders were messed up. And the waitress didn't care. And it wasn't that good.   Can you tell I didn't really care for this place (note my frequent use of all-caps)? And yet it will continue on, because college students will continue to buy their beer and flaccid fries as long as ASU is there.  Ah well. We can't all have as refined taste as I.  OK, as long as I'm in pretentious snob mode, I'd like to point out that one of the reviews of this establishment excuses the small oyster portions because "we're in a dessert." Um...stripper jumping out of a cake? Or do you really not know how to spell DESERT?  Yowza. I'm usually nicer.
Good prices and plenty of drinks on tap. Yet to try the food, but I hear good things.  The patio outside is spacious and I have always found the crowd to be good.  Nice relaxed place with a diverse crowd.
If I was still on the college boat I imagine this would be an "Everybody Knows Your Name" place to wind down the days.   I was in the area and wanted to find a new place to eat at.  This was Yelped about highly so I gave it a shot.  Average college hang out, little effort on amenities and full attention to stocked taps and bar specials.    I was expecting a generous variety of Oyster dishes to choose from.  Not many on the menu but the basics so I went with some grilled salmon.  It was topped with crab and I got the sauce on the side.  Crab wasn't so good and I pushed it to the side.  The salmon on the other hand was just the way I like it.   Bottom Line -  I did go during happy hour (not purposely) and no one was really eating (except my face) but everyone was drinking and having a good time.  Go there for the booze is my best advice and keep the food in mind as an after thought.  It wasn't bad by all means but it wasn't something I would go out of my way to eat again.  Avg dinner price was $20 per person with no drinks.
He had the halibut dinner ($17)special that came with veggies and rice and I had a burger with swiss cheese and fries($10).  VERY good food.  Service however was slow.  The menu is full of seafood.  There was nothing seemingly Irish about the place and nothing on the menu but beer was Irish.  There meals seemed to be well thought out and detailed for a pub. But hey that's a bonus for us, right?    I am not sure I would go there while school is in session.
The outdoor patio is what makes this bar great.  If you can find a spot on the patio, which can be hard because it gets busy, you are set.  I love the vibes of this bar.  It has a very laid back environment and it is not intimidating or lame at all. I have only experienced the food once and it was simple bar food but it was much better then the average bar.
I have been patronizing Casey Moores for 10 years and have never had a bad night!  Great for people watching and the service is always great!  Get there early or it will be standing room only!
A great change of pace when you need a break from Mill Ave. Fresh beer, great food, and great service. A lot more tables and space than it seems from the outside. The indoor bar is great but can get cramped when the bar is packed, but the outdoor bar and the surrounding tables are a great alternative.  Of course Fridays and Saturdays are packed, although still a great time, but if you want to get a few beers and relax, go early in the week (great parking during the week too). When it's happy hour, the food is absurdly cheap and fantastic. I find Casey Moore's to be a good place to go before a night on Mill. It's only a few minutes from the corner of University & Mill on Ash in what used to be a house. Great atmosphere and a true bar experience.
the good: cocktails are great. bouncers keep the place free from overly annoying drunks and fighters. parking is easy. chill atmosphere.  great gathering place with friends. go to the bar and order a drink? even when it is crazy busy you get a great pour and quick service with a smile. i always run into someone i know.  the bad: table service is slow, even when the place is empty. appetizers are mediocre at best.  will i be back? sure. best in town? nope.
Quick attentive bartenders. No Convenient parking. No Patrons above the age of 24. No Hot waitresses. No. Slow Waitresses. Yes. Everlasting brodeo. Yes. Dirty Bathrooms. Yes. Douchebaggery all around. Yes. Unfresh oysters. Yes.  $3 kiltlifter. Yes. Asshole cops that follow you home afterwards. Yes.  I decided that I pretty much hate this place. Sorry, I just do.
casey moore's is great for their happy hour - a few bucks off appetizers and all beer is 3 bucks. they have lots of beers on tap including my favorite, newcastle. i usually come here to grub after i get out of class.  the appetizers are great - fried zucchini, chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, buffalo wings - all very tasty and delicious. their sandwiches are pretty good as well. at my last dining experience i ordered the fish and chips, which were rubbery and basically inedible. the waitress had them remade and they were alright.   the problem with casey moore's is the service. you seat yourself and then you wait 10-15 minutes for a waitress to approach you. last time i was there our server was gone half the time and it took about 25 minutes to even get our orders in. i think i've had ok service one time. and usually in the afternoon's its fairly slow so there is no excuse for bad service. i really don't get it. maybe it's because we always sit outside and the waitress's are running tables inside and outside, but i really doubt that caused my 25 minute food wait. it's just plain bad.
I would have to say this place is my favorite bar in all of the Phoenix area. The Tempe land mark which is situated in a cool old neighborhood, offers everything from Oysters to their famous strong pours. Be careful though, I recommend taking a cab or the light rail to this destination (no joke). Ask for Jimmy and you will see what I mean.
I don't know what Tempe would be without it.  There is always some fun people watching to be had and there is always a good chance you'll run into friends there - or if not,  the chance of you meeting someone new is also just as good.
Awesome for having so much bike parking, awesome for having a cool place with lots of seating and lots of room. Why do they need so much room? because this place gets so busy it induces claustrophobia.  The atmosphere inside reminded me of the german restaurant Mark Rattner took Stacy to in Fast Times at Ridgemont High.  all in all, I thought it was an average place that was way too busy. I mean, it was like a rock concert crowd and took insane amounts of time to get a drink. Maybe it was a bad night.
Pretty average establishment and one of the few places undeserving of its 4/5 Yelp rating in my opinion.  The place is average in terms of size and accomodations.  It has a frustratingly small parking lot.  The service is slow and the staff is generally pretty obnoxious.  The food ranges from typical bar fare to a  couple upscale dishes.  The deal breaker here is the atmosphere.  I see reviews stating that it's a "great laid-back place to go hang out".  I'm not sure what bar they were talking about, but it isn't Casey Moore's.  This is the type of place people go to be seen.  Most of the patrons on the weekends look like they fell out of an Urban Outfitters ad.  These are the type of people that spend three hours in front of the mirror perfecting their "just threw this outfit on" look.  Yes indie kids, I'm talking to you: Don't worry, they serve PBR here.  I know you'll lose your superhero powers of "listening to music no one's ever heard of" if you don't consume at least one Pabst a day.   If you're determined to go, go on a weekday and avoid the hipsters.   People send friends ahead to camp out tables for entire weekend evenings, so good luck finding a place to sit.  Otherwise, just head a few blocks away to Four Peaks.
A very average bar. Do not be misled by the Irish-seeming name; Casey Moore's is your typical bar with a patio.   Pros: near ASU and Mill Ave, and probably cheaper than most around here.  Cons: very little indoor seating, and a patio which is only tenable 6 months a year.
I don't know what else to add from all the other positive reviews.  This place is the shining star of Tempe bars, being a old house hidden off of Ash St.  And then they get points for being in the Jimmy Eat World song as the place to meet on a Tuesday night.  Great atmosphere with a decent beer selection, and the food is actually really good!  This is definitely my favorite bar in Tempe!
Casey Moore's is the bar for Tempe locals in the service industry and Indie ASU kids to frequent. I have eaten dinner here once, fish and chips, pretty dang good. I have had the calamari and shrimp cocktail also, both were good. So food is overall pretty good, the night scene is just annoying in my opinion. The place is packed with hipsters after 11 and it is impossible to get an overpriced drink. I hate it if I can't even find a place to sit outside and end up having to sit next to Debbie Downer and her emo friends. Inside seating is not even an option on weekends, forget about it. The staff has never shown me any sort of friendly or attentive service, I don't blame them with the crowds they deal with. I would only go here willingly again for lunch/dinner or if I worked in the service industry and it was a late weeknight.
Went to Casey's for lunch. It was nice enough to sit outside but hey, I love sitting at the bar. At night it is thick with bar flies but around noon, there are some, but you can still find seating. The bar tender, while looking very much in the way of the establishment, would be right at home at a top end hotel with his level of service. Being lunch, I can't drink (against company policy) but they have great ice tea and the bar keep, keeps it filled  while so many other places let you languish with an empty glass.  My friend and I had two of the specials (which they write on a board by the side of the bar), the "Boss Hog" which is, I think, a rib eye fillet on a toasted hoagie with melted blue cheese and a balsalmic reduction. I know, sounds pretty gosh darn fancy and it is as good as it sounds. The other selection was the open faced, pan grilled, meatloaf sandwich with grilled onions and melted cheddar cheese. Frankly, a bit dry, the meatloaf needs to be more moist.  The total bill was about $18 and with tip, came to about $22 so pretty good for a sit down meal with wait service and endless ice tea. I've spent many a long night on the patio drinking glass after glass of their various beer selections but sometimes just a no-alcohol lunch at the bar is a great thing as well.
This is another one of those Tempe/ASU spots that seems to be very popular, and yet for the life of me, I just don't get why. It is definitely a more chilled out in terms of the environment than the majority of your options directly off Mill, but it doesn't make it any less obnoxious or overcrowded. It's just a different type of obnoxious. You won't see any shiny shirts, designer jeans, or orange spray-tanned Jersey shore trash here, instead you'll encounter an entirely different species of douche at this establishment. THE HIPSTER DOUCHE. These guys with their American Apparel deep v-neck shirts, ironic mustaches, and overly tight girl-jeans are an equally repugnant group in their own right, I truly detest them and the fixed-gear bikes they rode in on. Throw in a few random haggard chicks and white guys with dreads to represent for the "this fad isn't over yet" pseudo hippies, and a couple sleeve-tattoo wielding bros and that sums up the demographic that is pretty consistent at this place.   Honestly, hanging out with these people is not my idea of a good time, and therefore neither is wasting my money on drinks at Casey's. I've never tried the food, so I can't comment on that, but the drinks I had were weak. Parking is a bitch, and the cops do tend to stake out the lot towards the end of the night in hopes of generating more revenue for the city of Tempe. I only gave it a second star because the idea of this place being suppossedly haunted intrigues me.
I know, a ton of reviews of this place but i find it interesting that people either seem to love it or really just don't get it. It sort of reminds me of when pulp fiction came out and you either thought it was a masterpiece (I did) or just didn't get it. So maybe Casey Moore's is the dining equivalent of pulp fiction. It certainly has that sort of gritty feel to it. However, after my last lunch review I have found myself going back for lunch several times and even for a nosh on an early Sunday evening and...it is all good. On Sunday my friend ordered the curry chicken soup and it was like...wow, everything you would expect out of a curry soup and perfect with a nice salad. At lunch the service continues to be good and the food not only reasonable but it continues to taste great.  Now, I do understand that it has a bit of a different ambiance when it is busier but that that has a certain charm as well though when I really want to enjoy a good beer I find myself wondering over to Taste of Tops to experience one of their ever changing micro-brews. However, for a nice lunch in a dark bar, or hanging out at a happy hour at the end of a week with some friends, it is great for that as well.  As for the four stars..I will admit, service can be a bit slow but people...learn to catch the eye of your server! Consider it a wonderful opportunity for some training in dining assertiveness and then just enjoy the vibe.
I love this place it is very chill and great place to be on a warm summer night. Parking is kind of a pain but there are other places you can park and walk over, if you cant find any in there lot. The waitress's are a little slow but it is busy so I can understand, just order your drinks before you run out.
People used to rave about this place - I never got it...and I find it interesting that several other folks said the SAME thing in their reviews.  The parking lot would be full if you didn't get here before 7 PM, the service was always terrible and the crowd was overwhelmingly hipster morons.  Yeah, sure - that's better than the popped collar frat boy meat heads on Mill Ave but not who I want to spend my time with.  This place is for folks with too much to prove.  I'm pretty sure I only went once - maybe twice...I won't be back.
I don't get this place.  I went the other night just for some appetizers and drinks, and though the food was decent (fried zucchini and mushrooms), the parking lot, service, music, and crowd sucked. Parking is a bitch if you're gonna try parking in the lot.  I'd just skip it and try to find some parking on the side streets.    Before my group of friends got there, two other guys in our group were at a table, and apparently, the moody waitress (brunette with her hair in a ponytail) kept trying to get them to leave.  Maybe she thought more people weren't going to show, but still...wait a few minutes, you know?  Then, when the rest of the group got there, we asked for menus, and she comes and literally threw them on the table without saying anything to us.  When she returned to the table, she only took drink orders and didn't ask us about food.  Before we could even say anything, she had left.  When she returned with drinks, I asked if there was a drink menu I could look at since I hadn't made up my mind about what I wanted yet, and without even looking at me, she just shook her head and started rattling off ALL the drinks in the bar in one breath, which wasn't really what I was asking for.  And once again, what about the freakin' food?!  Only when she returned a third time did she finally ask us about food.  Then, later on in the evening, she started to clear off the centerpieces even before we were done because, apparently, somebody wanted to get a head start on cleaning up so she could go home early.  Well, Moody Waitress DID end up leaving, but without telling us, so when a different waiter came to finish up our table, we were all a bit confused.    Meanwhile, my friends and I couldn't help but discuss the horrible music that was playing.  And the crowd there was...interesting.  I'm not sure how to describe them.  Go and see for yourself.  Or better yet...don't.  There are better places to go in the area.  Don't waste your time here.
Yeah, I know it doesn't need another review... but it's seriously only one of two bars I've found since I moved here that I'll drive for.  I live in Gilbert, which doesn't leave me lots of bar options, because I'm not going to Applebee's or, like, the Tilted Kilt (ever again) to drink the night away.   I don't totally know how to award my stars here... I want to give it three because honestly, it's totally average, and marginally overpriced... but I'll give it four because it doesn't make me wish I had stayed home with a bottle of vodka instead like most places I've been in town.  It's not that Casey's is like a beacon of bar sainthood or anything, but it has a very large patio, and that's a good thing for a bar. I'm a smoker, loud and proud, and I when I am at a bar, I want to be able to smoke and drink in the same place without having to be sequestered off like some kind of leper.   The food's pretty good, the music is always substantially better than anywhere else I go, and I'd rather look at hipsters than Scottsdale folk.  Yes, people, there are lots of hipsters here.  If that's not what you're into in a bar, you're probably not going to be into the scene here. I've never had outstandingly friendly service here, but it's never been horrible, either.    It does get really crazy on weekend evenings, and I usually have the best experiences during happy hours and weekend afternoons. I've met some decent people here and had alright conversation, and also had the opposite experience.  I guess you can say that about most bars. I have to drive and park, and I've never had the horror-show debacle in the parking lot that other yelpers describe. I always seem to find a spot, even on the weekend nights.   Warning: the bathroom is crammed waaaay in the back of the restaurant.  It's a haul, when you're sauced and the place is packed.  Then you have to battle through the restaurant to the bathroom and without fail wait in line because there are two stalls.  Considering the amount of business this place does, it's not big enough. Honestly, it's my biggest complaint.
we love raw oysters. and we've never been here. now that we are working, we have the money but not the time. so we both left work early to get in on some casey moore happy hour.   this place is so charming and cool. no wonder the patio is so popular...it's super cozy...not trendy and cold like so many other patios. the happy hour menu pleased us as we ordered 3 dozen raw oysters and a fried clam app (33 bucks) which is a steal in a landlocked state. the drinks put us over the top though. i have no idea how much drafts were because there were no prices on the menu, but our drinks came to 35 bucks (3 beers and 4 glasses of wine).  very cool place and their dinner menu offered more options. sad we haven't been here before.
My first experience with Casey Moore's was a team lunch this afternoon - a team of about 20 people. The restaurant was large enough to accomodate everyone and the staff was very helpful in assembling tables and chairs. Ther service was prompt and the food surprisingly quick given our size.   I thought of trying the oyster po-boy that was a lunch special, but in the end I went with one of my favorites - fish and chips. I have had countless fish and chips and restaurants and bars throughout the US and UK. This was right up there near the top of the list. The breading wasn't heavy; the fish light and flakey. I found the cole slaw with the green and red cabbage and carrots was exceptionally good. It was not saucy or too rich. The flavor of the vegetables stood out with just enough sauce to provide flavor. Yum! The portion was so big that I barely touched the fries. You will most likely come away with a doggie bag from this place.  I would definitely go back - maybe try some oysters or try out the bar.
yo, bro, let's compare forearm tats and drink some New Castle. P.S. everyone saw you bif it on your fixie as you rolled up to the bike racks.  for real, most predictable crowd ever!!!!  I can talk mad shit on this place all night long, but when it comes down to it, I love it. The location lends to its patrons- alternative college students living in the only historic (PHX like) neighborhood in Tempe. Plus it is right next to HTC, so everyone is sure to be rocking the flyest of  -50 gauges. puke.  but.......the charm of casey's is in the cats. they are cool and roam around. Also, the best patio ever, and lots of room. Don't go inside unless you can't get a drink b/ your waitress forgot about you (which is most likely what happened). Or if you like old dudes 65+ eyefucking the shit outta you be my guest. Also, one night after I was there, the next morning someone had charged $2000+ on my credit card for an ad in New Times. shady......or recession? I think I know how this happened, they leave your card within an arms reach from the bar inside, face-up so any creeper with 20/20 can get a peek and thief you out of your identity and money, or maybe it was an inside job???  but I really like this place and still have "casey's nights" even though jimmy eat world sucks and I live in phoenix.   oh yeah, this place is haunted too....and if you are a girl do not go pee in the grotto.gross.
Yes, I will agree with some of the other posters in that Casey's has a definite crowd and can be a little pretentious at times but over all it's a fun place to be. Enjoy the scene if you're into it and if not enjoy the people watching. Maybe if we all just smiled a little bit, those hipsters wouldn't be so emo...haha, just kiddin. I've gone in to Casey's and attempted to meet new people; been looked at like a crazy and also have met some cool ones as well. It's location is close to many things in Tempe, which makes it a favorite spot for bike riders. Ride your favorite two-wheeled friend down there and strike up a convo with other enthusiasts, because a bike friendly world is a happy world.   I've never really had any problems with the staff, minus pouring me too stiff of drinks(their Irish coffee especially). It does tend to get extremely crowded nights on the weekends which can lead to slower service but that's what good company is for. Head inside to the bar, grab your first round, find a seat out on their wonderful patio and wait for your waiter for the next round. simple.   I don't really dig their food too much. I feel they dress it up saying it's an "oyster house" but really its just bar food. I tend to eat at home or somewhere else and just have this as a drinking joint. Otherwise I feel greasy and gross afterwards. I will say their portions are good enough to share.
I love how I can bike here (plenty of bike racks!) and enjoy the patio outside (gorgeous days) or the crazy-dark inside (need alone time)! Drinks are good and service is excellent, especially if you are ordering food. Of course the oysters are fantastic. Fresh quality, average-to-better sized and quite inexpensive for what you're getting. We also had an order of the fried mushrooms (skip 'em - too much breading) and we enjoyed the hot wings so much we ordered a second round of those. Man, the hot wing sauce is good... and the wings are of good quality. I didn't find a fatty one in the bunch. I can't wait until it gets warmer outside, because that's where you'll find me - full and hammered!
I almost died at Casey Moore's!  Okay, that might be a bit of an overstatement.    I'm sitting in a booth and enjoying my first visit to Casey's when a drunk guy decided to lean against one of those outdoor gas heaters and almost knocked it over on me.  I think I yelled "oh my God" in horror as it tipped over in my direction, but thankfully it was more like one of those Weebles preschool toys.  You know, Weebles wobble but they don't fall down.  Then he actually tried to lean against it again!  After a few awkward moments, he finally realized what a horrible idea that was and moved on.  It reminds me of the time I saw a waiter try to put some candles out at the end of the night.  He kept using his fingers to extinguish the flame and kept getting burned, over and over again until he realized that he could just blow it out.  Why are some people so stupid?   I loved the idea of Casey's.  The patio is awesome.  The food is basic.  I ordered the seafood sandwich and the waitress said they used imitation crab meat.  Not a big deal for me but I know a lot of people hate it.  Something I didn't know is that the process of making imitation crab was developed in Japan over 800 years ago... or so I read.  What the hell, did I just make this review useful?!   Anyway, great place to grab drinks.  Just avoid jerks who use gas heaters to steady themselves.
Been there only once and this place was filled with people but not too packed! Its very popular and just your regular Irish pub style with a big patio type of hangout! For a normal hangout with friends in a well known place I'd go there again!
Live near campus? Don't have a back yard? Like to drink? Than Casey Moores might be right for you.   The patio is the main attraction for me. It is like the back yard that I want but am too lazy and cheap to have.   A fire tables, pic nick tables, coy pod with waterfall, outdoor bar and the most unique men's bathroom anyway, more on that later.   As the name would imply there is a Irish theme, and they do have oysters in addition to other standard bar food fare. The food is nothing to brag about.   There is a decent parking lot however this place is popular and you may need to find a spot on a near by block. note go 1 block south to avoid being ticked as the restrictions change.   The outdoor men's bathroom known as the "blarney stone" is great. There is a motion activated waterfall, just unzip your full and donate your beer back to the bar in the most zen fashion available.
Good beer, decent food- but thats not why you go, close to campus, and a great way to end the day. Definitely enjoyed a happy hour or two especially after a long day or week of school.  Its really nice to sit outside and just hang out or people watch. Casey's certainly can attract an interesting bunch. All in all a solid place to drink and hang out.
A couple coworkers took me here for a HH for the first time. Immediately, I was impressed with the patio. I'm not sure why the patio hasn't become one of the area's favorites -- it is awesome!  Once I walked into the place, I was even more impressed. Not fancy, but classy. The customers truly ran the spectrum -- students, businessmen, blue-collar, and more. Everyone was there, felt welcome, and were having a good and relaxed time.  The beer selection is good, and the drinks are not watered down. The food is really tasty, and the prices are not too bad.  And the atmosphere rocks!  This place could (and probably will) seriously become my hang-out!
If you are looking for a great place to go in Tempe to sit, relax and have a great time with friends or make new ones at the bar you have arrived.  Casey's is the local pub of Tempe and has held that crown for decades.  It is where you find an eclectic crowd who are all just there to enjoy themselves.  It is where 60 something's mingle with 20 something's who have become grown up drinkers and have tired of the Mill Ave seen.  The old "craftsman style" house converted into a restaurant and bar are inviting, and the bartenders do remember your name. Not to be out outdone; the enormous patio is perfect for spending your afternoon day drinking and enjoying oysters on the half shell.  This would also be my choice for where to start and sometimes end your St. Patrick's Day celebration! Get there early and claim your spot because this place gets crowded early.  So if you are looking for a really chill place to just hang out and be merry with your friends Casey Moore's is hard to beat.  A couple final notes: Yes you can pee on the Blarney Stone and Yes Casey Moore's is haunted.  Enjoy!
Tasty standard bar food. Great bar service. Sweet servers (90% of the time). Huge awesome patio.  The cherry on top is that it is NOT on mill ave!  Best spot to be at on a beautiful spring afternoon in Arizona.  What else could you possibly need?
ahhh  Casey Moore's   Words barely can encapsulate the time spent in and my feelings I have for this Irish bar. If you are from Tempe and have tattoos you perhaps can identify with the culture of Casey Moore's.  Weekend patio excursions are a treat in the Maple-Ash district just spitting distance to Mill Avenue. There is never really a bad time to come to this bar and I have certainly been there enough to know. Casey Moore's oysters and cheap and good. As frequently as I eat oysters I would fully endorse this bars shellfish  The clam chowder is king for a snack. You can get escargot here that is decent and there is not much on the menu that I would not recommend.  Lunch is the perfect weekend after noon in the summer with misters and giant fans  There have been times where I looked for houses with the sole purpose of being "In the neighborhood" More of a lifestyle choice than a restaurant..  We have laughed,.. we have cried,.. we have sometimes gotten kicked out of it. We have always come back. Casey Moore's is certainly a place that needs to be visited while in Tempe.
My 1st time here.   We popped in for lunch and some sun on the patio. I can see why the place is so popular, they have a really chill relaxed vibe here - that is IF you can get a parking space. The food was decent for pub grub, but nothing too remarkable. I imagine it's best in the evening with drinks and some pals.  I'll be back for happy hour soon.
Drinks are reasonably priced, had an amazing time there with my friends.  Now here is the thing, i have a few friends that went before and had some what a bad experience, but they are more use to the scottsdale scene, so i guess that was the issue there.    Personally, i love the crowd there and its a great place to get shitty!
Casey Moore's is authentic. Perhaps that is why it is so difficult for some people to appreciate it. It makes no apologies for what it is - a great, neighborhood Irish pub, next door to a college. The outside picnic tables fill with that great city mix of academics, bohemians and the 20-something black glasses crowd. Inside, crowded around the small Boston-like bar, locals fill the bar stools reminiscing about days gone by and the neighborhood gossip. The conversations alone are worth a visit.
Casey Moore's is a cool spot to go during the winter because of the outdoor seating and the heaters outside. The inside is a bit grimy, but if that's your scene, go for it.  It was really relaxed and when I went there, it was pretty calm. (I went on weeknights; based on other reviews, I don't think I'm brave enough to face this bar on the weekends.) It's a good spot to sit and chat to get to know someone.
I don't smoke cigarettes. Most people do. You can smoke outside. This place barely has an interior. And that is about it.  I guess the food is ok, but the drinks are outrageously priced and all the tap beer taste awful.  I only go there when i have to.  There is nothing charming about pissing on a fake rock outside, and there is even less charm applied to the fact that it is RIGHT NEXT to the bar. Gross as hell.  More often than not, i go home instead of hit "last call" with any of my friends when they go here unless i am already wasted, thus allowing for bad decisions.
Holy hell this place has stolen my soul many a time. Something about the irresistible $3.50 specials and four peaks hefe on draft just instantly ruins the subsequent morning. I love the patio, very cool surroundings-aside from the occasional meat-head hitting on me or the girls wearing short shorts just to show off their new super cool thigh tattoos. I've never had a problem finding a table...maybe I get there too early (good sign or bad sign?) and have always had fantastic experiences with the servers. The servers always seem very down-to-earth and amused at our antics so that's a plus. When one drunk guy made a shitfit and threw a plate at my friend's skull, the server was awesome enough to join in on yelling at him.  Note: Do not throw fire in each others mouths, the owner does not like that. Who would have known?
Hmmm Casey Moore's, I love your haunted-ness.  I appreciate your bartenders doing handstands on the bar, I appreciate that you are a house in a neighborhood.  I appreciate that the locals rule.  Cheap-Decent food and excellent beer at your finger tips.  Thank you baby jesus!
My favorite restaurant/bar in Arizona.  This is the place to come to when you are visiting Tempe/Phoenix.  Great food/drink, great ambiance, it will stay with you for a long time.  Come at lunch for a relaxed atmosphere, or come for dinner in the elegant dining room.  Its quaint, has a lot going on, great draw for locals, foreigners, and its haunted! When you are in the Phoenix area, sit here for a spell, you will be glad you did!
For a late-night bar, I'd give it 5-stars, for a lunch stop on a weekday, I'd give it 4-stars. So all in all an average of (wait for it wait for it) 4.5 stars. (I think, I mean I did graduate from ASU)  I wasn't going to review this place until I finally made it here for lunch one day. It's pretty far from my downtown Phoenix office for a lunch stop, but I stopped here on the way to Living Canvas tattoos around the corner. I had NEVER seen this place in the light of day, and I was impressed. It was far different than the hipster/ASU kid hang out that it becomes after 9pm. It was an awesomely sunny day so we ate out in the patio. Although it's weird sitting on the same patio furniture that I've sat many a nights with many a cocktails, it's such a different vibe during the day.   The wait staff seemed really overwhelmed, and we had slower than normal service (so my girlfriend said). But the salad was 5-star worthy, which was totally unexpected from this place. I didn't check up on the #glutenfree-ness of the place (I'm assuming the fryers are used for fries, breaded chicken, etc. like most bar-food-esque places), so I ordered the shrimp salad, and the shrimp was unreal awesome. I'm sort of a shrimp fanatic, so I'm always impressed when seafood tastes like this isn't a landlocked state. The salad was huge and totally filling, and not expensive for a lunch stop. I wish I worked closer to Tempe so I could become a regular lunch enthusiast here.   And for the bar? Well you can read any other 5-star review on here...it's amazing. It's such a brilliant mix of people, with no drama BS you see at other places to drink near Mill. The drinks are reasonably priced and the wait staff is totally awesome. This is one of the few bars I actually enjoy going to, and don't mind feeling like I fit in. The bartenders also don't look at you like an idiot if you order an iced tea at 1 in the morning - sometimes you can get the wonky eye from bar staff at other places. I went at Casey Moore's for my birthday, so I feel like that pretty much gives my final stamp of approval.
I love this place.  I have been going there for years but less and less as each year passes because I am farther away.  First off, this patio is awesome.  It is huge.  There is plenty of seating to handle massive crowds.  If you are a smoker, this place is paradise.  They have giant swamp coolers set up to cool the outside air on the scorchers.  The outside bar is my favorite spot, but often taken up.    The food is pubalicious.  The menu is extensive with pubby seafood items to simple sandwiches.  I go here for the Oysters.  Nothing better than Guiness and Oysters and this place does it right.  The Oysters Rockefeller is a special treat the make and they take 35 mins!  Worth it!  I had the Fish and Chips the other day and that was a friggin tasty surprise.    Then you have the people.  If you like a variety of color on your palette, definitely come here.   No one looks the same, in my opinion.  It is definitely a more "young" college type crowd.  Hipsters, road bikers...  people have fun.  I don't find it pretentious at all but I also feel like I fit right in.  NEVER let a crowd scar you.  So, Cheers Casey's, your still holding up what I've always loved best about you!
I can't commit myself as a huge fan of Casey Moore's just yet. While the staff there has been great when I've been, the only time I've had food there it was just OK. I've been there a few more times for drinks and they have good prices and the environment is one of a kind. I guess I'll have to stop by again soon.
i love this place! the drinks are cheap and you can smoke on the patio (sorry non smokers youll have to deal)   food is good and reasonably priced. i go at least once a week, cant beat that!
First, I did not eat here.  This has nothing to do with the food.  I was in the area and had heard about this place.  Younger crowd (yes, it's close to ASU) but good music, good atmosphere.  Strong pours from the staff.  I mean strong.  I mean five stars strong, on any type of liquor, any bottle.  If you hang out in Scottsdale and need a reprieve from that scene (and that L.A./Vegas price point for drinks), this is a place that should be on your short list.  You will think you died and went to heaven when you get the tab!
Reading through the massive number of reviews that Casey's gets, lots of people have a great time here and some people have unfortunately had a terrible time and depending on which night you go, each scenario is a possibility.  Most often, when coming here, I've had a pretty good time, even when it so crowded you can't sit down and your elbows are literally touching like the back of a stranger.  I like to come in the afternoon or on an off-night like Wednesday night (it is Wednesday, so I may partake).  Their selection of beers isn't staggering or anything, but the food there is actually pretty damn decent and they have a fair number of appetizers to choose from that aren't too heavy.  Like I said, sometimes I've been here on days where it's totally bullshit.  I remember I came here once with my girlfriend at the time and we literally didn't get served for about thirty minutes.  I would've bailed but it was her first time there so I was like, "We're gonna do this shit."  The same waitress who took her sweet-ass time spent maybe like three seconds talking to and then on her way to get our beers, she stopped at a table with these dudes with British accents and giggled and slapped her knee and sat there for like maybe five minutes.  I was like, "Oh, great... our waitress is a whore for accents and two dudes with British accents are here.  We're fucked."  Yes, I admit, the English are quite charming, quite, but sonofabitch, man.   For like the longest time, that waitress would always be there when I was there and no matter where I sat, it was her section.  And there she was, takin' forever and lookin' mad at me.  Haven't seen her there in forever so I've lucked out.  You know, it's easy to complain, but most often I've had a really good time.  I love the atmosphere outside, the misters in the summer and sipping on a hot coffee in the winter.  All year round, it's fucking awesome to be there.  I love sitting by the koi pond, sipping on a beer and watching the fish go by.  It's a relaxing place when it wants to be and a fuckin' madhouse when the time arises.  It's one of the best landmarks we have in Tempe.
Had lunch there on 7-30-2010, my second visit ever.  The firstest time I ate here, I had a hankerin' fer some Fried-Up Oysters.  So Sorry Charlie !!!  It's an "Oyster House" but you cannot find Fried Oysters on the menu .  You can get Fried Shrimp, Fried Cod, Fried Clam Strips, Fried Chicken Fingers, Fried Calamari Rings, Fried Scallops, Fried Potatoes, but not Fried OYSTERS.    OYSTER HOUSE.  WTF ?????  Anyway, I think that is a cardinal sin, not offering FRIED oysters when they offer fried everything dang else.  So they lose at least 1.5 stars from me for that oh-so-obvious and ridiculous shortcoming.  I had the New York Strip sandwich, with the steak cooked medium rare (it arrived properly cooked) and added the "blackened" option.    It was REALLY REALLY good.  It's in the Top 3 steak sandwiches I have ever had at a restaurant.  And I'm 46 years old, so I've had a lot of steak sammiches.  My buddy had the Fish-N-Chips and liked it pretty well.  Sorry to bring down the average Star level, but I just think not offering fried OYSTERS at an OYSTER HOUSE is just totally off the mark.
Visited a dozen times or so last 4 years.. Near Mill Ave but hidden It's like a large outdoor, smaller indoor  hippy neighborhood dive bar  Great, great food! Very fresh oysters on half shelf Large delis shrimp cocktails Indoor dining has full menu. We had the steaks $25 each on 2 visits and thought mediocure. But the $10 New York Steak Sandwich is very delicious and great value. I got my blacked and loved it!  Service are usually excellent indoor. Outdoor is hit or miss depends on server. Got the grumpy, not so friendly Irish girl few times. There with 8 coworkers, she refused to track our tabs separately. I understand it gets hectic and hard to track large parties, but say it with a smile, not like we were a bother. Just wanted get that off my chest.. ha.  This is where I was introduced to  my fav red wine Menage a Trois.. Tried the Promiscuous Red last week, not as good.
Been eating here for years and I try something new every chance I get. I love the food and every dish shines in its own way.  Go there, meet some friends or take a date, try anything. You'll be back!  The drinks are cold and strong & the atmosphere is great. A rare combo in this town.  Also a great place to celebrate St. Patties Day, green beer & all.  Reverse happy hour 11-1 Free & fast Wi-Fi
As the 164th reviewer i feel pressured to be original and spin a yarn that will be deserving of such a hallowed and mythic bar. I cannot, however, as 163 people have robbed me of any original praises i might be able to sing of my beloved neighborhood standby. So im shaking off the cloak of endeavour, and loosening the albatross round my neck which squacks and screeches "be original! be daring! be bold and mighty forces will come to your aid!" and just gonna let the keystrokes fall where they may: Casey Moore's is the quintessential Tempe bar. It is a classy place, full of friends and neighbors that is home to so many. Thomas the bar cat could tell you as much, with her soulful and charming ways, but as she cannot speak i will do so for her. Casey's is home. It's a bar whose luxuries are enjoyed by young and old, hip and unhip, students, teachers, bar fly and newb, any and all.  It's a place whose epitaph would read "May you live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live." I firmly believe that Casey's is an establishment that strives to fulfill this for all of their patrons. They have never done me wrong and many a time have even come to my aid; whether it was a wretched drunk being 86'd after her provocations landed her into a fight with my girlfriend, or whether it was a beer spilled and dutifully replaced free of charge, whether it was a table shared with strangers, or the community of drunks & pleasure seekers still clinging onto the nights squandered dreams after last call. I feel at home at caseys: it's a place to rendevouz with old friends and a place to make new ones, It's a  lunch spot w/ my book in tow where pints are readily at hand, it's my start for the weekends pub crawl.  Casey Moore's i will always associate you and Tempe, even long after i am gone and moved on i will think back and smile at all the memories you have given me. thanks.
If you are looking to socialize or bring a group for people out that haven't experienced Tempe this is the place to be. The drinks selection is good, the food is a little better than regular bar food. The real highlights of Caseys is the Atmosphere and the staff. Located in the downtown college neighborhood the place is always bussling with people smiles and conversations. The door guys can be a little rough around the edges so don't try to get in the door if you had anything to drink prior to your visit. Also check out the upstairs if yo can sneak by the wait staff its a haunted room!
Outdoor eating, drinking, football watching  and great food. Nice ambiance and eclectic crowd with good Food. Had the spicy shrimp boat, Rockefeller oysters, fish and chips and hippie sandwich with ham. All Were great but the Sandwich was just "ok". All in all a good time. I'd come back next time I'm in Az.
I wouldn't change anything about Casey's -- I love it all: the open air, the door guys, the servers, even the bartender who takes out his love for Michael Jackson on patrons every Sunday night.  (Also, there's a special place in my heart reserved for any bar that serves potato skins with ranch after 12 AM.)  I have a serious soft spot for everything about this place.
I'd never really think to review Casey's if I wasn't leaving but I feel like I need to leave them a love note.  Casey Moore's has been my go-to late night spot for a long time now. The best part about Casey's is the variety of the crowd. I feel like everytime I go there to see one group of friends I end up running into several others that I know.  I'll definitely miss hanging out with everyone here on a Friday or Saturday (or Thursday or Wednesday or any) night.   The service isn't always fantastic, the food is greasy bar food, but it's home. And for that I love them.
I have been to Casey Moores Oyster and Seafood Restaurant in Tempe, Arizona a bunch of times and will continue to go back. We even had a holiday party there one year for work.   "The House" has seating indoors and outdoors with a bar in either place. Due to the laws in Tempe that prohibit people from smoking publicly indoors, outdoor seating is really popular. If you want to come home smelling like smoke, then you'll love sitting outdoors. Everybody in the nation will light up right next to you. :-)  At first I hated Casey Moores, but I have grown to love it. The atmosphere at Caseys is laid back and very chill.. after you've had a few drinks in you. Don't let the general dirtiness of the outside seating area deter you from getting completely tanked. After a while you won't even notice the smoke around you.  I would recommend the fried zucchini and the hummas. Both of which are good combinations when mixed with your choice of booze. When school is in session this place gets rather packed depending on what time you go. But when it does get packed there are some really hot chicks that can be found at this establishment.
I actually like this place but I can't give it more than 3 stars.  I've been there more times than I can recall but 3 stars for claiming to be Irish.  This is the last place to go on St. Patty's day.  I was served the equivalent of a high school cafeteria's fish and chips and everything was disposable.  I understand that it's a busy day and you have to accommodate the masses.  However, a regular goes there because they like the usual and anyone new will surely not go back.
Cool atmosphere.  Very laid, chill environment.  Good price on beers, but thats all I can say.  The server was pretty awful, not continually checking back with us and not friendly.  There were 4 of us and 2 of us order food initially and the orders came out about 5 minutes apart.   My friend order 1/2 dozen oysters (its an oyster house) and from his experience the person that shucked those oysters obviously was not a lover of them.  There were small broken pieces of the shell around the edges, and the bottoms were absolutely filthy dirty.  For being an oyster house you would think that would be the thing they take pride in, but not that night.  Then the remaining of our group ordered food and both those orders came out at separate times (almost 10 minutes apart) and one order was just a side of fries.  It's a great drinking atmosphere and a cool place to chill, but I wouldn't go expecting great service of great food.
Caseys does pour a mean Guinness. I haven't been here since my buddy Hannah Y. left us for her new life in Seattle, but I have fond memories of our drunken nights here after a tough day at work. Yes - we had some awesome sober days here as well but I think we didn't get as drunk thanks to their delicious assortment of sandwiches and oysters.    I did get sick here once having a screwdriver possibly from an unwashed glass, but this is probably one of the most laid back bars you can find in the Tempe area so minute things like this doesn't bother me. Hopefully, we can get the gang together and enjoy our time there once again when my dear friend comes down to visit for Thanksgiving   :)
If you're looking for a great place to grab a drink and indulge in conversation then Casey Moore's is the place for  you. There's a great vibe and the music is equally as good. There's a wide range of types of people that go to Casey Moore's, and miraculously everyone gets along. The drinks are inexpensive and the food is of the best of bar food. The patio is great for some fresh air and if you grab a seat at the bar inside you'll be able to watch all the great sports games that may be going on. It's also the best place to start your night off if you plan to do some bar hoping. Overall it's my number one choice for mingling around the Mill Ave. area.
My all time favorite bar, have been going for the last 10 years.  I am no longer a multiple times a week kid, but I try to make it in at least a couple times a month.  Great food, great friendly service, amazing patio...a really comfortable atmosphere all around.  Lunch is great, weeknights are chill, Friday & Saturday nights can get a little crowded, especially when school is in session but makes for good people watchin :)
Casey's is great.  It is one of the few hipster, bicycle bars in Tempe.  It has a huge outdoor patio that wraps around the building with trees, heaters, and an outside bar.  So if you are looking to go out and party with friends, it is a great spot.  Casey's also has a really nice upstairs for a classy dinner, and the rumor is that it's haunted.  The inside is a bit limited, but when you are in Tempe, AZ, you drink outside.  I mean, the weather is beautiful, and so are the ladies that attend this establishment.    The food is fantastic and the drinks are great, although it is a little pricey, and you can smell the pretentiousness in the air.  However, that is not the staff, that is just a bar filled with hipsters.
Been here a handful of times and have no complaints.  It's always a fun and interesting crowd.  The bartenders are good if you're there for drinks.  I haven't had much in the way of food, but the appetizers are good.  This is a great place to come and have a beer, but I really don't think it's anything special.  The parking is difficult, but the patio puts it into the 4-star category.  I don't come here often, but have a good time every time I do!
Good neighborhood bar. Great patio, laid back atmosphere. Males, don't miss the blarney stone, just don't kiss it!
being from seattle I was a bit hesitant to go to an oyster joint in the valley of the sun. however, i was pleasantly surpirsed - you don't find joints like this in chilly seattle. the oyster rockefellers were fresh and tasty - they even have outdoor heaters suspended over the outdoor bar......too cooool!
This review is for the service.  First of all - the "one check per party" policy is a pain in the butt for everyone - the customers and the servers alike.  I had a particular instance with a waitress today at lunch where we tried to tell her how to pay the ticket - "This $20 bill is for this item and this item" and "This green card pays for this item and this item." etc etc.  It's a pain, and confusing.  But she messed it up, and that was not unexpected considering the policy they have to go by.  But then when we got it back and tried to explain the problem to her, she got a little snippy.  Then got a little attitudinal.    Love the food.  But this "one check per party" policy really brings the place down, and causes the servers and customers both some grief.  Not good.
Casey Moore's is definately one of my favorite places to go in Tempe. The enviroment is very laid back and the people there are awesome! The food is great as well. I would recommend the calamari rings and their clam chowder. They also have an awesome selection of drinks, including my favorite Snake Bite =)....  I would recommend this bar to anyone and everyone who has not been there before. You will love it!
This place is just so cool.  The space is amazing - an indoor/outdoor, sprawling quarter block that includes various rooms in a converted bungalow, plus lots of outdoor decks, nooks, and crannies. The crowd is varied and chill - not a frat boy in sight for miles. Heat lamps, twinkly lights, booths, tables, and benches; something for everyone.  They're often crazy busy and should have more waitstaff to keep things moving at times. Plus the menu is totally standard and unremarkable barfare served reasonably cheap. If you're interested in fast as lightning service at all times and an adventurous menu full of organic locally grown ingredients, RUN! But if you want to hang out with your friends under the stars and over a beer for hours on end in the coolest space ever, this is heaven.
I've frequented this little restaurant/bar for many years and am always impressed. It's nothing to look at in the inside, but the chefs here always have a great selection of fabulous salads, fresh soups and yummy sandwiches. and the service is always great.  They have my favorite French onion soup in all of AZ and today I tried their carrot coriander soup that was phenomenal! Much like carrot juice it had a sweetness and not much true carrot flavor but several layers of flavors I coudn't identify. I practically licked the bowl clean.  If your into shrimp they have a salad with 5 huge prawns and avocado that looks too good to be healthy!  Fresh greens, tomato and did I mention 5 huge prawns?  Very yummy looking.  During our perfect weather months they have a cute patio that you can enjoy.
The place, parking lot and entrance were packed leading me to believe this place would not be so bad.  When I walked up to get my ID checked the muscle head chastised me for still having a vertical ID. What a great way to welcome patrons!  Once inside our friends had reserved seats, but only one, so Vince G. had to stand almost the entire time.  Alcohol sucked, tasted like peroxide.  Music sucked, a bunch of shitty trendy crap.  The only thing redeeming were quality servers.
A true Tempe gem.  One of the few old businesses that the City of Tempe hasn't run out of town.  Full of character in a people-that-drink-here-are-either-poets-and/or-criminals way.  Quality bar.  Huge Patio!  Old bar indoors, very divey.  Indoor dining/bar = two story house.  Upstairs dining is a trip, funky wallpaper.  Place is haunted?  Who cares?  Not me.  Great food, especially for dinner.  Service is lack-luster, but adequate.  Excellent beer and booze selection.  Attitudes, tattoos and haircuts galore, but in a good way.  I'd ramble on, but you can read the other reviews to hear more,  especially if you're in the mood for some wimpy nerds to complain about how they had their IDs scrutinized, or it was so packed they had to stand.  Casey's is one of the best spots in town to get lunch and a beer, or just a beer, and sit on the patio when the weather is nice.  Bring some friends, have fun.
RUDE staff that wouldn't spit on you if you were on Fire... mixed up our party's orders, ignored us when we needed waters.  Honestly, it was the attitude of the staff that completely turned me OFF to this historic restaurant.
So I went here last night to get a drink with a friend. I can't comment on the food (yet) since I haven't had any, but the atmosphere was really nice. We sat out on the patio and it's really relaxed and has christmas lights as the lighting. The service was kind of non existent... we sat around for about 8 minutes waiting for one of the 3 waitresses walking around to say anything, before we just went inside to the bar and brought our drinks back out. The beer was nothing special, they don't have anything really exciting on tap, but I could see going back there for a nice relaxed night. So for now, I'd say three stars, but I need to go again and try the food or mixed drinks to give any higher.
Its haunted! Isn't that enough to get everyone to go check out Casey Moore's?  Who doesn't like Casper?!  Such a great compromise... you are still right around Mill Ave and if you are an ASU student this is quite convenient.  However, Casey's is not part of the typical 'Mill Ave' meat-market scene.  Always is a whole slew of people from old timers, to angstful hipster, to stoic gothic, to average joe.    Drinks are reasonably price with a great late night happy hour.  Food is fantastic... the oysters really live up to the name 'Casey Moore's Oyster House'... besides they are supposed to be an aphrodisiac so bring your dates ;)    Lots of outdoor seating (picnic benches) so you can cram people at tables.  The interior is as divey as you are going to get in Tempe ... so I'll take it.   Only downside is unreliable service.. its been quite hit or miss as far as the bartenders go... but the bouncers/ID checkers are undoubtedly hilarious everytime!
I love coming here when it isn't busy, LOVE it. Problem is, it's busy a lot. I really enjoy the outside atmosphere sitting around drinking and laughing, but when it gets crowded and loud, it turns into an annoyance.    Casey Moore's is a Tempe staple and I hope it's here forever, but bro fights and jock bouncers are unavoidable when you're so close to ASU. I like it here way more than my other half, so Caseys is not a date night place for me, you won't be impressing a lot of girls here, but the food is decent, especially the ever popular fish and chips, but this is more of place to drink and people watch. Come at a good time and you may be blown away, come at a bad time and you may turn right around.
I've been here more times than I can count, and its almost never my idea to go. I like this place a lot more when its on a dead night. Fridays & Saturdays there are just way too many people. I usually order whatever's on special, most of the times when I go it happens to be Kilt Lifter. Good beer. Service is not so great, never has been for me. Even dining there (inside) wasnt outstanding service. Although, the food was good. I cant remember what I even had since I rarely order food there. Try to go upstairs, I did once and no one was up there.. it was kind of creepy. Not too sure of the whole "haunted" thing, but it adds to the bar's charm.  I do like this bar, a lot of my friends are regulars and mostly can be found there on any given day. I do like the type of crowd that goes to Casey's, at least on the nights I've been. The place would be a hell of a lot better if they somehow found a way to expand because I literally get claustrophobic on the busier nights. In an bar thats outdoors that just seems odd. lol. Also, the parking situation sucks.. the ratio of parking spots to bar goers is not proportionate.   Overall, I'm sure I'll be back many a time, since its a cool place to just hang out with your friends at.
Went to this place more then 3x's never had a good experience here. But, this time takes the cake.                                       After having Dinner, a medium  experience, nothing great!  My friend gave the waitress his credit card to pay the bill. 10 min later the waitress came back and said are you paying cash for the meal. My friend said," I gave you my credit card".  She said well , i don't have it.  This went on and on for quite some time with the waitress and some man who may of been the manager. They kept telling my friend that he did not give the card to them. He ended up just paying cash and had to cancel his credit card.  Well 2 hours later guess what??? They called to say they DID find his card and he could come back and get it.  What did they do to remedy their mistake???? Gave him a card for 2 drinks next time. Believe me , there is no Next time.                              Customer service does not exist here. When you loose someones card and then try to blame them and find that you had it all along, comp the meal.  At the very least!
Hipsters galore! This place is definitely good people watching haha! Good music, good food (they actually DO have decent oysters), different drink specials every day (even the weekends), and timely service! Everyone sits outside on the patio, because where else can you just chill drink and smoke cigs all night??
Casey's is awesome. It's the neighborhood bar of Tempe. On any given night you'll see 10 people you know here - that guy from chem lab, your gynecologist, your favorite local band, your neighbor, your best friend and your mom. Casey's is popular because they have a beautiful patio setup with lots of seating so groups can sit and talk, delicious food, reasonably priced booze and super friendly awesome staff. Personally, I prefer to go on off nights or in the early evening because Friday and Saturday nights get really packed and it's hard to find somewhere to sit.
I love Casey's...  The food is very good.  Fried clam strips are fantastic, love the spinach berry salad and the lyonaise on a chicken sandwich is fab.  Eat inside for a more formal meal.  The dining areas are secluded from the bar.  The house is very neat.  Outside is the real gem of the christmas light lit patio with large tables to fit all your friends coming and going.  Definitely a sit, chat and relax kind of place.    Best time to go is Sunday afternoon / evening or after 8pm Mon-Thurs.  Friday and Saturday nights are PACKED.  You will find all walks of life inside - quite a melting pot.  I give it 4 stars because nothing beats their relaxing patio on most (Non-July) evenings.  I will admit that service can be spotty.  My advice is to go often enough to recognize the good servers and sit in their sections.  They do have several really great servers there.  Also, the one check per party rule can ruin things at the end of a long night.  Trust me - the servers don't like the rule either.  Tip:  Bring cash and pay as you go.
This is my favorite bar. I used to live within walking distance, me and my roomie at the time were there almost everyday sometimes twice in one day. They've got good food, with good variety for whatever sounds good when you've been drinking. When i haven't been drinking I like the shrimp scampi, the sauce with the garlic toast is amazing! When i've been boozing and taking shots (which is usually the story with me and Caseys) i've been known to order multiple rounds of their greasy mozzarella sticks. They are obviousy the frozen-fry kind of food but when you got a good buzz going on, nothing beats the mozoralla sticks. Drinks at Caseys aren't expensive, and they are free poured. Which is always a plus in my book for any establishment. Mixed shots are huge. Service at Caseys is always hit or miss. You either get one of the servers/bartenders who has been there forever and gives you decent/good service with attitude/personality or you get stuck being served by someone who is new (rare) or the chick with the mustache who never smiles. Either way, your service isn't going to be the best but it won't be god awful. And when it comes down to it the ambiance will help you overlook any shortcomings. The outdoor patio is amazing, actually i've only sat inside once or twice and only because it was the hottest point of the summer. They have misters for the summer and heaters for the winter. Most of the patio is shaded, and there are lots of trees surrounding the restaurant itself. You will find all sorts of people at Caseys, but mostly the tattoo covered and pierced kind. If you're looking to go to Caseys on a Friday or Saturday night here is my advice on getting a table (which my roomie and i became pro at). First, stand in the middle and scope out the tables... Who is paying their tab? Which table has empty drinks? Who is leaving soon? Pick out your target tables. Now send in your blockers, have some of your friends stand in front of other people trying to scope out tables. Now when you finally see a table leaving, sit down as fast as possible. It is not uncommon to see people sit at a table before everyone from the previous party has cleared the booth. I know it sounds ruthless, but you'll be thanking me later.
If you're looking for a place to chill and drink that isn't a part of the mill ave scene, I would definitely recommend going to Casey Moore's. It's a bar built in an old (haunted?) house with good food, service, and drinks. It's also not over priced. I love their happy hour and would definitely recommend going to it, especially if you are hungry. You get a ton of food for cheap. There are so many different choices for seating, including the upstairs where the ghost has reportedly been seen. Anyway, if you're in need for food recommendations, I would definitely recommend the french dip for sure.
Recently went to Casey's last Friday and had the greatest server there EVER! Margarita was AMAZING! My wife and I have been going there for years and not one server has ever been nice to us, shown any sort of care for their job or treated us like a valuable customer. We have always felt like they were doing us a favor by being there, so we normally sit at the bar and up until recently gave up on going to Casey's all together. Margarita gave us faith that there is a fun and  personable side to the serving staff there. Hire more people like her, PLEASE! We will definitely be on the lookout for her if we go there again.
Cool neighborhood bar set in an old Victorian style house. Supposedly this place is haunted... go up the stairs next to the bathrooms and check it out yourself. They have a good beer selection and their wings and oysters are among the best I've had in the phoenix area. Pissing on the blarney stone makes for good fun as well.   The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the emo crowd can get annoying at times and service can be a bit spotty.   I recommend this place to anyone looking to have a beer and some food in a laid back atmosphere.
If you want to be surrounded by young kids getting their kicks... be my guest... used to be a cool place and is no longer... I give it 2 stars because the bartenders are fast but have no personality whatsoever and and there is no ambiance at all to this place anymore... Plus the fact that they violate Arizona smoking law by allowing people to smoke within 20 feet of the entrances, INFACT lastnight there was someone smoking INSIDE the side door!!   ALL I CAN SAY IS... DISSAPPOIONTED... NEVER AGAIN!!!
It's a good spot because of the atmosphere and the kitchen that stays open late.  It's always packed but there's enough spacing between the tables where you aren't crammed up against someone/another party.  I don't get to pee standing up but I head the men's bathroom outside is pretty cool as well (running water, anyone?)  Recommend the shrimp salad, oysters on the half, and buffalo wings.
I just love Casey Moore's. Tucked a few feet away from the chaos of Mill Ave, it's a perfect place for delicious food and solid drinks. Almost always crowded, the old historic home is full of character and is perfect for people watching. The place is mainly patio, with a small amount of indoor seating as well.   The staff is friendly and the location is perfect if you're looking for something different. Don't miss the chance to head upstairs and check out why Casey's is rumored to be haunted. I've heard about 100 varying versions of the story, but it's the small quirks like this that really make Casey's a local standout.
Perhaps I'm over stating Casey Moore's charm, but this has to be my favorite bar in the valley.  I love the energy, I love the low key, unpretentious, anti-normalcy crowd.  I love the beautiful outdoor seating, the little pond in the corner, the hanging lights, the giant trees, the drink specials, the Guiness on draft.  I always bring out of town folks to Casey Moore's because you can order anything on the perfectly sized menu and you know it's going to be descent.  The boyfriend always orders the oysters and the price for a half dozen is solid and affordable and I don't even mind watching him slurp them down as long as I have a nice buzz from one or two Harps.   I think I've ordered every appetizer and never been disappointed.  Also, even their prices when it's NOT happy hour are super cheap, 6 bucks for a dozen wings, that's totally perfect.  The service isn't extraordinary, but I don't mind waiting since I'm fond of the ambiance and enjoy people watching amongst the interesting crowd.  The chicken strips are awesome, the salads are good and never wilted or over dressed, the fish and chips are on par, the fries are always good; you can't beat anything for the price and the atmosphere.  I've been here for my birthday, taken out of town friends here, brought my mom and brother here when they were in town, had a million happy hours here and just can't seem to find anything I hate about it.  Oh, I hate when it's hot and we can't sit outside.   Casey Moore's is charming, cheap, serves above average bar food and essentially is an all around quality bar in the middle of Tempe.
I've lived in Tempe for a long time, and always wanted to try Casey Moore's, but never seemed to get there. Finally a group of friends said they were meeting there, so I figured this was a good time to check it out. Granted, we were there on a weekday, just after 3 P.M., so the place was not packed (a lot of the reviews I read seem to complain about the place being packed). Overall, a great experience. Love the atmosphere, and the food was great, too.
Yes!  I love neighborhood bars!  A very "you're like family when you come here" kind of place.  I'm here at least once a week.  Between the cheap drinks, great food, christmas lights strung all around the whole outside patio area, the nice and extremely generous bartenders, the very friendly Casey Moore's cats who just walk around and people watch, or just the awesome memories I've had there...this place has all of the ingredients for a good time!
What a DISASTER.  After coming up to the restaurant and having a young lady hurl on the sidewalk next to us, we wondered what would be next.  Trying to get a nice sit down dinner we went inside and had to wait ten minutes to get a menu.  5 of us ordered soup and when it came there was till no silverware.  The busboy came by and threw 3 spoons in the middle of the table.  Something doesn't add up.  Then the chicken florentine had no spinach in it.  Doesn't florentine mean spinach!  The clam chowder had raw potatoes in it that were very crisp.  The main meal was just as bad and still no silverware.  One patron ordered fish and chips which the fish had no flavor and had to be dunked in the malt vinegar to get a taste. When my Salmon Oscar arrived I wasn't sure I had the right dish.  On top of the salmon was a brown spoonful of something I couldn't identify.  When I tasted it, it tasted old and sodden.  I have never returned a dish to a kitchen in my life, but I was afraid this stuff might be rancid.  When the owner came by he acted all surprised.  I told him the menu said that the salmon was covered with fresh crab and I didn't see any.  He proceeded to tell me that he knew it was fresh as he saw the chef open THE CAN and it was never frozen.  He said Ruth Chris serves their salmon that way too.  I would love to hear Ruth Chris's reaction to that.  Then the bill came and it was added wrong since they still do it by hand.  All in all I can't believe anyone would ever eat here.  DISASTER AFTER DISASTER.  Anyone who does go, I hope you enjoy food from a can......
Casey Moore's is easily the best bar in Phoenix, and one my favorites in the country...very diverse crowd...even though it is hipster central...
Where do I start with Casey Moores? The food is freaking fantastic. I'm from Boston and their clam chowder is in my top 3 favorites. Their fried clam strips are equally awesome.   It's a good place to meet up with friends for drinks or even just a place to hang out at all night. It's got an awesome outdoor patio as well.   But the service even during the day can be pretty shitty and the bouncers can be equally as shitty. Since it's close to ASU they inspect and reinspect ID's and they have been known to hassle patrons. Another drawback they start carding way early. Most bar/pub/restaurants don't start carding until about 9. I brought a friend for a late dinner once at around 7 and the bouncer was already checking ID's so she couldn't get in. But inside it's usually a pretty good crowd and you'll always see a familiar face.
I hate to say it since this is known as a popular local spot, but I guess the idea of hipsters, punks, and scruffy dudes is cool for you then it's cool 4 U.  It's just not my cup of tea.  I can dig the outside X-mas lights and misters firing away cooling the patrons while downing a glass of beer.  Regardless, I think that's the best part of CM's -- the crowd and it's energy!  However, I sat inside away from the crowd to enjoy my meal.  To proclaim the Fish & Chips "best in town", you best be right and knocking my taste buds out.  (Then who can complain -- it' fish and chips -- it is what it is....)  It was okay at best and I was hungry!  Service was okay, but it didn't start out that way.  Couldn't find the hostess, either that or she was having drinks with the crowd haha! (place was packed!) - Enjoy!
Hipster central. An old Victorian home converted into a cool laid back bar. Drinks were decent, just typical normal bar drinks. Parking is rough and it's a packed house especially on a Saturday night. It has the capability to accommodate a larger group but you might have to wait around a while.  Server forgot the order and took over an hour to get a club sandwich-nothing special. If you don't mind the chain smokers and the hardly working misters and go with a group this place can be a winner for you. I'd rather hang at more low key places & not at a college hangout spot.
Been here a couple times over the last few years.  The ambience is nice. Historic haunted house a few steps away from Mill.  I've only been here on weekends, and it's especially hard to get seats when ASU is in session.  Parking also can be difficult.  The food has always been OK.  They do have non-seafood items for people like me.  Service can be spotty.  My last visit, however, really changed my perspective on this place.  I would have rated this place 3 stars, but they failed in a couple of key areas.  It took over one and a half HOURS for us to get our entrees.  We did get appetizers and soup/salad for those who ordered them, but the gap between those and the entrees was noticeably long.  I understood that since we were a somewhat large party that it may take longer but still, that long?  I was starting to wonder if they just wanted us to keep the alcohol flowing and that we wouldn't notice how long the actual food took.  When I finally got my turkey croissant sandwich, there was very little turkey, as in 2 thin slices, and I couldn't detect the avocado, lettuce, or tomato.  I could definitely taste the bacon, though, since there seemed to be more bacon than anything else.  The balance of the whole sandwich was lost.  Everyone else was happy with their food.  At least the servers acknowledged at the end that it took a while and comped a few items.  Since it was a large party, they included the 18% tip in the bill despite the somewhat crappy service.  Since people were more interested in the movie afterwards, I wasn't going to contest that.  I'll reluctantly come here again which is why I rate it two stars.  Luckily, this isn't a place near the top of my friends' go-to list.  And I will try to talk people out of this place if it comes up.
Where do I begin? I love Casey Moore's!  What a great ambiance! The outside patio is where it's at, with tons of seating and misters. Lots of beautiful decorations to stare at while you're waiting for friends to arrive, and the staff as well as fellow patrons are always very friendly.  When I feel like getting in touch with my hippie side I go to Casey Moores, because I can always expect to find someone outside painting a work of art, or photographing the wandering cats (yes, they have cats! they're well-fed and happy).   It gets pretty busy after 5pm, but the good news is that if you arrive before 5 you can bring your pets and stay all night. I bring my dog in all the time, and she is always met with animal lovers who didn't know they could bring their pets.. so now you know!  The oysters are good, but if you're eating them out on the patio the heat kind of kills that deal for you. I had never tried oysters before going to Casey's but they are surprisingly tasty and comparatively better than other oyster houses.  If you're feeling pretty ballsy, go pee on the Blarney Stone! Every time I go there I wish I was a man so I could do it.
A great break from the norm in Tempe. This place has character unlike many establishments in Tempe these days. It has a great outdoor patio and is in a historic house on campus. The food was yum, and the beers cold!
Sorry to everyone who loves this place, but you have not eaten there or your palate is better served at McD's.  It was even recommended by the front desk at The Buttes as a good place to eat.  First off I am 49, but no stick in the mud. I like energy and fun, but if they say good food it should be better than Denny's. I write to save another business traveler the trouble of a horrible dining experience. This place is BAR....get it...A BAR. It is filled with college kids drinking cheap beer. That is the best thing I had all night. $3.50 for Black and tan pints....although a little light on the black. I started with Oysters...Oyster House, right? 6 oysters. 2 of them bad from looking at them. Advice to kitchen, if they look translucent and milky, they are BAD. They look bad, they will taste worse. All of them shucked poorly with plenty of shell inside. Didn't expect super fresh in the desert, but didn't expect rotten either. Had a salad. Not bad but lettuce was wilted....I guess expected in the 103 desert heat. I did eat inside, as the smokers and shitty misters outside made that option for the redneck hipsters that frequent this place. Had the special as a main course. Teriyaki sea bass. Like something a 6th grader would make!! Horrible!! Swimming in that cheap teriyaki goo they sell at any restaurant supply store. Rice-a-roni, that was overcooked to the point of sticky glop. Side of steamed veggies....best thing on the plate...or the garnish, might have been. College kids, or 30 something redneck hipsters, or local drunks. Enjoy this place. It was made for you. Everyone else stay FAR, FAR away. There are options in Phoenix....I hope. I guess I could be in culinary hell here. After all they still smoke everywhere in this lovely spot in the western desert.
The only thing I hate more than frat boys is the smell of patchouli! This bar is full of hippies smoking cloves and hipsters who think this place is the place to be.   There were plenty of hot chicks and a few cute dudes. One of the door guys was sexy.   I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because hipsters are only a little bit better than bros
Fresh salads!  Had the spinach salad with apples, feta, red onion & grilled chicken. Fabulous & plentiful!  I always love this hidden spot for their fresh ingredients and homemade daily soup.  I have never had anything on the menu that I didn't think was 5 stars.  Keep in mind this is an old building and the owner keeps the decor the same no matter what century it is!  Know that your going to an old neighborhood pub and it's all good.
I still haven't eaten here. Its crazy I know but I sure enjoy the black velvets. Ill update this review when I've eaten here.
This review comes from a guy who is there for the food and not the bar. With that out of the way, I really like this place. The service can be a little slow some days, but with those stairs, I can completely understand that. They do seafood right out here and I've only had better when I'm near a body of water. People who complain about seafood in AZ should stop and think about that for a second.  I admit that the smoke gets to me sometimes and it's annoying to stand through the door and wait for someone to wait on you. It seems like a crap shoot when someone will see you, but maybe I'm wrong and they have radios ready.   Personally, I have really enjoyed their oysters, clam strips, fish and chips, etc. Hasn't made me sick and the prices for seafood isn't bad compared to the more upscale seafood places.   If you're there for the food, go early. If you want drinks and maybe some food, go later.
I've only ever been to Casey Moore's for appetizers and drinks, so my review is based on that.   Casey Moore's is situated in an old historic house in downtown Tempe on the ASU campus. They have a great outside patio area.  Casey's has a pretty good beer selection, both drafts and bottles. They have the beers that are typical of an Irish Pub. It's not the largest selection that you will find, but it's very solid. They have rotating beer of a day special, with a different brew featured every day of the week.   They have a very good and diverse appetizer list where you'll find anything from escargot to mozzarella sticks. My favorites have to be "Chipotle Hummus", "Crab Cakes", and the "Fried Clam Strips".   Looking forward to going back to try their dinner menu.  Good beer selection, awesome appetizers, and great atmosphere, give Casey Moore's an above average rating of four stars.
Amazing happy hour. go on Wednesdays and Thursdays 4 o'clock to 8 o'clock.outside bar has fans and ac. sun inside bar is laid back and great specials
Casey's is always one of our stops when out drinking on Mill. Love the bar staff, most of them have been there for years.  A great place to day drink (when the weathers nice of course).  If youve only ever drank at Casey's, you NEED to come back for lunch/dinner one day. Their food is stellar.   Faves include: Hippie sandwich (I love that they use pesto as mayo), Potato salad, Fried Zucchini, Chipotle hummus, Reuben, Classic club, Croissant sandwich, and finally their New England clam chowder.
Casey's totally transports you from being on campus all day into completely forgetting about anything that happened on campus that day.  It's a great little hang out for the college scene. Very close for those on the west side of campus, so close a group of us sometimes heads over between classes or at the end of a rough day to grab a drink and some grease.   So needless to say I have had a few of the items on the menu however, I haven't found something I really, really like. I've had the tuna bacon melt (overkill-too much grease), fries (yum, they put a sprinkle of parmesan), fried clams (good), turkey croissant (okay), zucchinis and mushrooms (good).   I think the patio really makes this place great. It is fun and welcoming. You could hang out here all day (in great weather that is).  They allow smoking, kinda sucks, but most people are respectful and blow up rather than at you. If you go during peak hours (weekends/nights) you might not be able to get a table as most people make a looooooong night of Casey's and usually stay put. Cheers!!!
When in Tempe, this place is a necessary stop. The atmosphere is casual and laid back. The bartenders and service is great. The drinks are phenomenal. They offer an inside and outside options. They offer a decent selection of beers and cocktails. Love this place!
The best neighborhood bar and restaurant...  I've been coming here for at least a decade.  I bring my family here;  from fiances to gfs to wakes... toasting life and love lost.      What makes Caseys so special is that the staff is personable;  not in a corporate way of pretending to 'love' you, but in an honest, sometimes frank, or even humorous style.     The food is always good;  its been a rare occasion in ten plus years that I haven't be satisfied or stuffed with the goods!!   And just because we are in the desert, don't stray from the fish; I've had all sorts of goodness here; look for the specials and try something a bit diff than just wings (which are great,) or a burger (one of the best burger deals in town.)  I always try a bit of whatever dessert is being served, and the menu is also flexible as to what you desire.  Don't want fries w/ yr fish n chips? Get a cup or bowl of the delicious clam chowder.  Order a caesar salad with no croutons and some tomatos.  No big deal;  and the food is good.  I have had days where I hit up the ol' caseys for lunch, and by nightfall i come back for a late dinner. They even serve til 1am!  In tempe?  Hell yes!  Every night at caseys, especially Fri/sat, you will see an eccentric, albeit young and hip, mix of people.  As the days' regulars give way to the night,  the tattooed, loud, and sexy make their way to crowd the outside patio.  Its rare that you could feel out of place unless you are expecting yr average hooters... there is a air of unexpected joy, of raising a pint of guinness (which is poured astutely,) and of seeing and meeting old and new friends alike.
This is a great bar in an old historic house that has a comfortable vibe to it.  The food and drinks are good and they have a great happy hour.  I was suspicious as to the quality of oysters available in the middle of the desert but I found the ones here to be very acceptable.  There is a great mix of all sorts of people here that you don't seem to see at most of the other places in the area.  Probably my favorite bar I've been to in the Tempe area.
great beer, great food, great prices and it's haunted!!!
Great food, good drinks, close to ASU.. i seem to be becoming a regular. wish their drink prices on happy hours were worth it though
Casey Moore's is one of few places in downtown Tempe were I can relive my ASU glory days, without remembering how long it's been since they passed me by.  It's probably the only spot around Mill Avenue where I can go to on a Saturday night and not feel like I'm too old to be there.  If it's not too crowded, and isn't too hot outside, it may be the perfect bar to relax and have a drink.  Maybe it's because the bar is in middle of a neighborhood, or maybe the koi pond, or the "fire pit," or all the wood tables, but when you drink on the patio, it feels like you're sitting in a big backyard.  If there were a pool, it would be the younger single me's dream backyard.  Casey Moore's also has pretty good selection of beers on tap.  What more do you need?  It's been a while since I've eaten at Casey Moore's, but the food is pretty good.  A few years ago, I had the opportunity to eat with a big party in hidden room on the upper level.  There's two converted bedrooms you'd never know about unless you got up there.  It was a pretty fun private dinning experience.  The staff was very attentive and engaging.  They even told a few stories about how the second room has haunted.  I'm not much of a believer in ghost stories, but still entertaining to hear.  We must have been up there for at least two hours before going outside to have some drinks in the crowd.
Great patio atmosphere.  Never have had the food tho.
I have enjoyed some tasty food here in the past, but I won't be stepping foot in here again.  One of their bouncers, who refers to himself as "G", decided that it would be completely acceptable to let some transphobic words escape his mouth.  Now, in no way am I a transgender individual, but I do have much respect for the trans community and I can't believe this place would keep this dude around.    So, my girlfriend had to use the restroom and there was a huge line, so she peeked around to see if there was the same traffic jam by the guys bathroom and this dude just comes at her all aggressive like telling her she needed to get away and all that...which she was quick to move and apologize.  But then she asked him, "What if I was a transgender person?" To which this guy replied "Well then you can get out."  Really dude?  So, she informs the manager of this and he was on her side for sure.  The bouncer then began harassing her again and was trying to kick her out of the bar (for what?! Right...he didn't say) and she called to the manager that he was still being aggressive with her.  The three of them went to have a talk and the bouncer was trying to say that she called him the "N" word...UM MY GIRLFRIEND IS BLACK TOO JACKASS!  She never uses that word and would NEVER call someone that because she actually is a respectable person and isn't ignorant.  Did the manager say anything to the bouncer about his transphobic comment??  Did he?! NO!! I later called to ask what the manager's name was, and found out that not only is Gavin a manager but he's also part owner...you've got to be kidding me.  It's a real shame when you let your employee harass a guest who didn't do anything but try to go pee.  Yelp folk, whether you're gay, straight, bi, queer, trans, a straight ally or something of the like, I strongly urge you to steer clear of this establishment and spend your money where this kind of behavior is not tolerated.
I love the atmosphere at Casey's, outside. It's a great place to meet up with friends, though I prefer not to go too late at night on a Friday/Saturday as it can be hard to find a place to sit and there's not a lot of good areas to stand. The servers often have a bad attitude, and it can take a long time to get the check. This is the one downside.
Great place to get your drink on! This bar has that dark musty smell that goes perfect with a beer. Didn't try any food, not that I wouldn't trust it, just didn't have space in the belly with all that beer. I will definitely go back next time I am thirsty in Tempe.
I love this place so much that I was tempted to give them only 1 star so that hopefully people would read this and not go there so it would be easier for me to find a table!!  All joking aside, this is my favorite bar in Arizona.  Plus, I think it is the only place near Mill Avenue where you can get  Smithwicks on tap and not be in a club setting.  I love the fried Zucchini and Mushrooms too, you never see that anywhere!
Gosh this place is great for beer drinkers!  Learned what a black velvet was here.  Amazing but I don't know how often I'll be able to get this drink at other places!  Not a lot of places have pear cider on tap, that are also affordable ;P  By the way, a black velvet is pear cider and guinness.  Oh man that was delicious.  I could never really drink guinness on it's own, it's much too heavy for me.  But paired with that light and fruity addition...so good!  Came back Sunday afternoon so that I could try the oysters rockefeller before I headed back home.  They were just okay, not as amazing as what my friend made them out to be.  Though, I was completely surprised when my bill came and it was 8 and change.  The oysters rockefeller alone should've been 8, but to include a beer too???  So.that.must.mean. ... HAPPY HOUR ALL DAY ON SUNDAY??? :O!!!
Great place for a Beer! Awesome outdoor seating and great food! Love this place
Love the atmosphere - outside, good beer, delicious escargot and oysters!
Guess What!? After all the times I have been coming here. I finally got a chance to eat here. The you can come here an get food all the way up to 1 am. (Just saying for those looking for that late night aphrodisiac boost) I really can't believe how fresh the oyster are in the middle of the hot Arizona desert. I come here as an regular for their delicious oysters. The flavors are very clean and taste slightly briny like the ocean. I highly recommend this place for the great food now and the low price booze.
Ehhhhh. When my favorite part of the meal is the salad, there's a problem with a seafood restaurant.   I got the spinach and berries salad which was actually REALLY delicious, I ate every bite of it and I'm glad that I did because the crabcakes I ordered were horrible. So bad in fact that I sent them back. The clam chowder my friend ordered was kind of watery and might have had a good flavor, but it wasn't even that hot. Blech.  Other friend got some shrimp dish and she really couldn't say much about it except "meh". I was really dissapointed that we came here instead of one of the other places in Phoenix/Tempe because I've been here for work before and had much better food. I definitely won't be back next time I'm there for work!
I love Casey's. This is a great place to kick back and drink a beer and people watch. Love the outdoor seating! A lot of "hipster" type kids hang out here but the vibe is laid back and relaxed. LOVE the hummus! And if you get there early enough on Saturday or Sunday and eat inside the brisket is to die for.
Can't help but like this place. The food is about a 3.5. I think the beer selection needs to broaden! Bring in some locals like Santan, or some CO beers like Odell's or Lefthand. The typical beer selection is getting old even though I am sure they make a killing off what they have always served. I guess thats what makes this place good. But I personally want to see more beer!!  I use to frequent this place at night but only during the day and HH to avoid the hipster crowd who think they and this place is the shit! Sorry, yeah...I forgot my fixed gear bike at home and my chucks too! Deal with it! Oh wait, I don't own any of those things cause I am not a hipster nerd! No tats either!! So I go when the crowd is semi-normal for Tempe...haha! Yeah right! Anyway, love the oysters and the typical mesh of east coast and west coast seafood treats. Can't eat here much but it is fun when we do. Keep up the good work, maybe the hipsters can find somewhere else to hang out? Too bad Coffee Cartel is not a bar too, then they can just stay there! Oh well. Cool place, been going here for years.
The food here is pretty good. I enjoy drinking outside.  A lot of hipsters hang out here.   Get over it. It's Tempe
my favorite bar in tempe. i have been going here for the last 8 years. the food is great and the music is great.   get the french onion soup. my absolute favorite!
Service:  Terribly slow.  My boyfriend & I went during Happy Hour on a Wednesday evening.  We were told by the bouncer to seat ourselves.  We found a nice spot on the patio next to a heater.  We waited for quite some time before a waitress came over to take our drink order.  Took her like ten minutes before she came back to take our food order.  Food:  If you come here, you've gotta have oysters.  $10 for a dozen during Happy Hour.  They tasted very fresh.  I hate it when I get tiny pieces of the shell on my oyster, though.  Love it with cocktail sauce and/or Tabasco!  We also tried their chicken fingers & fries.  The chicken was very crunchy & well-seasoned.  Atmosphere was great.  I love the lighting on the patio.  Everyone there seemed to be having a good time, all chatting & laughing.  I'd come here again.
OK We need more like this . This is like something out of A story book . You wont want to leave . I'm hooked  Staff , very nice , and clean . Easy to make friends .
The Good: 1. Excellent food. 2. Excellent intimate location. 3. Close to light rail. 4. Friendly employees. 5. Laid back atmosphere  The Bad: 1. Some of the patrons are weird (emo-ish) 2. Mixed drinks are on the small side and can be pricey.
What is the big deal? The menu was terribly limited, the waitress didn't get around to us for 30 minutes. Luckily we were in a group so we didn't notice that much. This place is constantly over crowded, and the staff is rude. Their alcohol selection isn't anything special, and after we were done here we ended up going somewhere else for food, this place was hardly worth it, and certainly over priced.
Atmosphere here is perfect. We sit outside all the time, scoop out a spot by the heater, since it's usually night when we get there. They have beer specials late night which in my book is perfect.  I was here yet again with some amazing people the other night... we're that table that never stops laughing and is always having a good tme.  The food... ok so I've only eaten the food here once, and I ordered the fish & chips... it says best in town. Not the greatest tasting food ever I was incredibly hungry and ate most my fish, and all the cole slaw. I must admit I am a used to really amazing fish & chips moving to AZ from San Francisco and always being in Malibu. But considering I'm now in the middle of the desert they were pretty legit.  I would say go here and drink your night away. I love people watching here and sitting outside in the trees I feel like I'm in  a secret spot where you could possibly see a unicorn.
Came here for the first time on Sunday afternoon, and loved it.  Ordered strictly off the appetizer menu so we could try oysters, clam strips, hummus, and crab cakes - and all four were amazing.  Best crab cakes I've ever had.  Nice beer selection, good mixed drinks.  Also enjoyed the layed-back patio setting.  People brought their dogs.  Nice casual atmosphere with friendly servers.  Can't wait to go back!
This is a cool hangout. I wish the heat lamps were used...  because it's cool.
Yelp, your mobile app has taken me home again!  It's nice to have a spot that has not significantly changed in the 20+ years that I have been a patron...even tho nearly 20 years has passed between my last visit and my most recent.  Casey Moore's Oyster House patio was the spot one of my instructors selected for the lecture portion of his class.  Every Tuesday, from 2-3:30 PM, we sat at a table and discussed designing costumes/lights/sets/sound for ASU theatre productions.  Between the munchies and the black and tans, our discussions became quite animated and we certainly considered more creative design concepts.  It was quite cool to be able to have class and a beer (or 3) at the same time.  Fast-forward from 1989 (my first experience at Casey Moore's) to 2011 (my return to Tempe for work).  The food is still outstanding, the location is easily accessable, the atmosphere is laid back and comfortable.  The prices, unfortunately, are a bit higher than other places.
Best Irish pub in Arizona
I love this place, the service at the bar is always amazing and no matter what day it is there's always people buzzing around! I had some disappointing crab cakes that put a bad taste in my mouth, even though they say homemade I tasted something that was caught in a aqua duct. On the plus side I love the calamari rings and LOVE THE OYSTER ROCKEFELLER, great group fun, and soooo fresh! I've done lunch here and I had the meatloaf that was on spec that day and was in love, the flavor and complementing mash potatoes and veggies were a perfect match and I'm glad I listened to my bartender. I couldn't decide because I was hungover and this meatloaf and a Harp did the trick. Hippie sandwich is also on the top of my list and will always be my go-to meal at Casey Moore's.        Patios are open and have enough room for a larger group to meet and outdoor bar that is always open during the night, serious door people though, so don't forget your ID. I hear there's live music sometimes but I have never been. Great surrounding area, great local shops and walking distance to Mill Ave.
My husband came here with some co-workers and really liked the food.  So we decided to give it a try when we came to Gammage for "Wicked".   Great menu - lots to choose and great service.  We were there about 11:15 AM on a Sunday and the bar was already full!    Only negative for me - was it still smelled a bit smoky inside and the patio although spacious and very pet friendly (love that!) still smoky and no appeared to be smoking!  That is just a personal preference for me.
I go to Casey's every time I travel to the area for Spring Training. Not sure why I like it so much, but it works for me. I love that its basically an old house with a huge patio. The patio is a great place to hang with friends. I also enjoy the small bar area inside which doesn't try to be anything its not.   Look, the food isn't that great, the prices are just fair, but the location is pretty unique (especially in chain haven Tempe).  Grab a pint & stool & ENJOY! See ya next Spring Training Casey Moores.
I don't go to Casey's to eat, I mostly go over the weekends or late night. I have had the chicken fingers, which were tasty. Their drink prices are alright, they do have nice beer specials and some interesting shot combos.   On Friday's and Saturday's the place is overrun by hipsters. It's hard to get through the crowd at some points. Thankfully there are two bars, one inside and one outside. It can also get pretty loud, there is music playing and a lot of cigarettes being smoked. The music ranges from Michael Jackson to Mumford and Suns and everything else in-between.
Best oysters I have ever had in the middle of the desert! Actually, I would venture to say they are better than some places I have been to on the coast.  Being in town for work I sometimes eat alone and sit at the bar...the real mark of a top notch establishment is a good bar staff. This place has it for sure. They were quick to get drinks, got my food orders spot on, and were fun to talk to. It was especially hilarious when some foreign students came in (I believe french) and began to hit on one of the regulars. Considering how drunk they already were they got cut off after one drink...and of course left shortly after.   The restaurant is a bit off on a side street in what looks like a converted over house...so it has a very relaxed and cozy feel. They also have a huge outdoor patio area. On top of the amazing oysters I had I also had a tuna melt sandwich. It was very good, but was open faced...I expected two slices of bread to make it into a full sandwich. Not a big deal but a little odd.
I live down the street from Casey Moore's. I have been here a total of three times. The first time a group of us just ordered drinks, and the margaritas my friend and I ordered were so terrible that we sent them back. The second time I went with my husband and ordered a crab salad sandwich. Again, it was so awful I had to send it back. I am not a picky eater, nor have I been known to complain about food or service when dining out. There has only been one other restaurant I have ever been to where I sent food back. So, this place was already two for two. Alas, my husband begged me to go back once more. He was craving oysters and since this is an oyster house, I figured it wouldn't hurt to give them one more shot. It was last Thursday evening, and the place was hoppin'. This time, the food was decent. Not good, but decent enough where I may have given Casey Moore's a fourth chance had I been impressed with the service. But the service was HORRIBLE. Our waitress got us our drinks and didn't come back to take our orders for another 20 minutes. We sat there awkwardly waiting for her to stop by, and though she passed us quickly several times, she never even acknowledged us with a simple "I'll be back with your orders." When she did arrive 20 minutes later, she asked if we were ready to order without even an apology. I am not kidding you when I say she acted like she wanted nothing to do with us. She was very monotone and never smiled with us. I would like to pass this off as her having a bad night, but when she went to her other tables (all full of men with drinks) she suddenly lit up, laughed, and had a blast with them. It was so awkward to the point that my husband asked if maybe we knew her and had upset her in some way in the past. But no. This was our first time meeting her. We were pleasant customers who didn't complain about the mediocre food or slow service. We were polite and left a good tip. We pride ourselves on being fun, engaging, and polite with our servers since we go out often. But let me tell you right now what makes me the most angry. We live so damn close to this place and would have loved to be regulars... It is such a shame that Casey Moore's has now given us three good reasons to never come back. And I can't find any information on their website of how to contact the manager about this, so I am left to rant here on Yelp, completely unsatisfied. Sigh...
Excellent place to eat or day drink during the day. It's great to have a place that is unique and awesome staff.
Not sure what happened here @ Casey's, the Guinness is not being poured correctly, is it too busy, understaffed, untrained bar keep? I'll go to Rula or Fibbers next time.
First timers with a large party. Everybody liked food and service except the halibut was awful.
Was recommended to come here by a bartender at another joint, ended up coming back the next night during my Spring Training trip.  Not a Mill Ave joint...which is one of its better features.  A beer special every night.  Food was good.  Large patio.  Loved the bartended Ipod selection.
If I could give it zero stars I would. Worst service I have ever had at a restaurant in my entire 29 years of life. I was with a large group of 10 people and we ordered some beers and food (coming to an "oyster house" and being told they don't recommend them on the half shell) and when we got our food the waiter got our order completely wrong and when we told her what happened instead of apologizing and offering to make it right she proceeded to tell us that was what we had ordered and that we were the ones who were wrong! I couldn't believe my ears! When I politely told her again that was not what we had ordered she kept arguing with us and then just took the food and left. I was beside myself. I have never been treated so badly in a restaurant before. I then asked to speak to a supervisor and she shot back that there was not a supervisor on that night. Yeah I believe that. So we promptly left and were NEVER not once offered one single apology, instead we were told that we were wrong and then ignored. Will never set foot in this establishment again and I hope to speak with the owner to let him/her know the level of wait staff they have representing their restaurant.
Based soley on the food - 4 stars !! The service was less than stellar because the waiter looked like he was hungover and not very attentive. YOU MUST GET THE OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER. They take about 40 minutes but well worth the wait. My and my better half shared a steak sandwich with garlic cheese fries, it was way more than enough food. The total bill - $23.00 including a beer anda  soda ! Love me some phoenix! The atmosphere is very laid back, outside seating as well as indoor restaurant and bar options. Smoking outside which is kind of gross but I guess its customary here and im just jaded because you can't smoke anywhere here in California.
Casey Moores was excellant--great Blue Point Oysters (farmed --but they all are really) and Black Oak Nut Brown beer from Sedona was very nice and potatoe skins (soory DAN Q).  Super service and nice time ---the outside was full of college kids and I'm 60 ---still every one was cool and I still like to look at Co-eds---now please stop smoking kids so you don't F yourself like I kinda have over the years
Love drinking at Casey's in the evening. Although their drink specials are not really special at all, you can't beat the atmosphere, the string lights, the crowd. I've also eaten here a few times - their clam chowder was really good, and their build-your-own burger is seriously perfect. However, service is REALLY spotty. During the day I've had pretty good service. When I'm drinking there at night the service is really good too.   But there was one time I came with a few friends and I had, I kid you not, the absolute worst service I've ever had. Our server took 10 minutes to even greet us, and then she was downright rude to us, snappy, unhelpful. I always try to give servers the benefit of the doubt, as I am one. I tried being polite to her and still got rude, short responses. My boyfriend and I were eating (the meal took forever to come out) and our two friends were just drinking. Halfway through the meal, I swear to God, the woman must have bumped a few lines, because she came back weirdly animated and chipper, although it was super fake. Still could not flag her down for extra condiments for the life of us.. she would literally glance at us as she walked by and turn away if we waved like she was ignoring us purposefully.   Then she asked my friends if they wanted another round. They both politely declined. She made some inane comment about being on the liquid diet and came back with two beers for them a few minutes later. We all said OK cool, I guess she got us a free round. WRONG. She charged them both for two beers despite their explicit "No, thank you's." We were too irritated by this point to dispute so we just left her a crappy tip and got out of there. This place would have four-five stars by my rating if they just made sure their servers were halfway decent human beings.
Eh. Just okay. Outside bar was great but that's due to the weather. Service blows and food is just okay. Nothing special. Great for people watching though. My fave was the chic with the big boobs and mohawk.
If you're going to go here for Happy Hour on a Friday night, I suggest going early.  We got there after 6:30, hoping to grab a table or seats at the bar & make our orders quickly before HH ends at 7.  Well of course the bar seats & every table was taken.  All of the waiters/waitresses seemed so rushed & overwhelmed.  We finally found the hostess & asked for a table for three.  As she went off to look for a table, another hostess came up to us.  I specifically stated that we were there for HAPPY HOUR.  And she was like WELL ARE YOU EATING?  I had to make this point twice.  Then the first hostess came back & said she could seat us upstairs (I didn't even know they had a second floor!).  Well, bad idea.  First, the decor upstairs was a lame attempt at making the Oyster House look the least bit classy.  Then, the waitress told us happy hour is only available downstairs.  Wow.  After a second look for an available table downstairs, we decided to just stay on the second floor & pay the regular price for oysters ($12 per dozen versus $10 per dozen during HH).  The service upstairs was super slow.  The waitress wasn't even paying close attention when we made our orders because she definitely forgot my friend's beer.  The good thing was she comped it since he waited for like over half an hour.  The oysters tasted extra fishy that day, not like the first time I tried them here.  I lost my appetite for anything else after that.  My boyfriend's solution to the fishy-ness: mask the taste with horseradish & lots of Tabasco!
Mmm...came here the other night before a show at ASU Gammage. We had a group of six around a big round corner booth. Very comfortable and great laid-back tavern vibe. Our server was vibrant (literally - with purple hair and purple fingernails) and very friendly, we enjoyed her a lot. We ordered the blackened salmon Caesar salad and it was perfect. Juicy tender salmon with lots of blackened seasoning. The dressing was VERY good, not your average grocery store Caesar. Our friends had the fish and chips, the turkey crossaint, and the blackened salmon berry salad. Great reviews all around. The berries were amazing. The clam chowder was also very good.  Decent beer list as well and very reasonable prices - something like $3.50 for a pint of a good IPA or a Blue Moon.  It wasn't even Happy Hour!  Definitely looking forward to returning.  Only complaint is the same with many venues around Phoenix: the patio was way too smokey to even consider sitting out there.
Oyster House in the Desert?!? Say whaaaa?  Believe it or not the oysters are pretty good. Personally, I'm not a fan of the raw oyster's but I love their rendition of Oyster's Rockafeller. I think there lunch specials are also another bright spot of this establishment. If you add them on their facebook, they sometimes post their specials.  Aside from their food, their drink selection is rather simple. They don't really offer anything that I can't get anywhere else. The happy hour is not really mind-blowing either. I think a dollar off drafts and specials on wells if I remember correctly.  Really, what you are paying for is the ambiance. I get that it's historic and it's got an irish pub type theme, but I didn't really think it was anything special.  Oh, I forgot to mention, if you do decide you visit (and if you are male) if you have to use the blarney stone restroom on the outside patio. It's basically a simulated rock fountain that you pee on. Now that I think about it, I guess it sounds more fun after a few pints...
One of the few pub grub joints in town with character. Ask for seating in intimate dining rooms upstairs for better experience and service.  Pros: The only place in Tempe, or the Valley for that matter, that I go for Ostyers on the half shell that are affordable at $12 per doz. Clam chowder and Onion au gratin soup are solid plays at $4 per cup. Great apps are the mountain of Clam strips for $6 or Cod fish and chips for $10, which are perfect when you're craving something fried to go with your brew. A surprise is the Angus quality beef - try the $22 petite filet with sides.  Cons: Parking sucks. Bouncers checking IDs at the doors are annoying. Hipster crowd smokes like chimneys and makes outdoor patio unusable for dining at night.
Tempe pub staple, as the Phoenix area goes, Casey Moore's is pretty good. The atmosphere is hipster, arty - but you won't be judged when you go. The patio is great during nice weather and the food is good enough. The wait staff always has a bit of a "holier than thou" attitude, but it won't distract from the overall experience. I met my husband here, so it holds a special place in my heart!
Saturday 12:30 a.m. You'll find cool, hip, modern-urban people here trying to have a good time, for the most part.  You'll have to walk in, through and around the crowds to find your niche conversation with authentic, real minds ready to have an open talk with you.  It takes a few moments to filter through the fake characters that are just there to be furniture in the scenery.   Topics on music festivals, your area of study, occupations, place of origin, vacation spots, existentialism, viewpoints on abortion, immigration, drug policy, healthcare and student loans all ran the gambit of speech. Each person giving their opinion, respectfully, for logical scrutiny, which is all fine and dandy for a prospering democracy.  The bartenders in the outside bar were a bit half-ass, trying to pose for the camera, figuratively speaking of course, so I didn't bother tipping them, since I'm use to Austin bartenders who hustle to get you your drink to earn that tip.    For Phoenix ,it seems like one of the top places to drink, potentially, with progressive, liberal, art-minded people.
Well, we all  went to a going away party here at Casey Moore's Oyster House and the place was fairly nice lots of security around  but very limited parking (we parked a few blocks away and had to walk in) food was good but my onion soup was way to salty though and the dip sandwich was by far the worst item to order on the menu (just sliced meat and bread)  and I had order it.  My wife ordered the shrimp scampi and for some reason it came out with a heavy cream sauce, no complaints because it was good but it was not scampi.  Tuna was perfect I had a chance to taste it  and that cooked perfect and I did notice a co- worker leave the 1/2 of the fish and chips on there plate no a good sign.  Clam chowder was good as a few friends did say they enjoyed it.  Calamari was off the chain "Perfect".  The server was warm,  friendly and polite and had some great suggestions for dinner and was very patient and waited for us to have  few rounds before we ordered dinner.  The place is pretty big and it seems that if you would come and sit in a different place each time it would be like going to a different place.  Music was jamming something for everyone. Folks were friendly and the place was packed.     Now, cleanliness it  seems like it could use a wipe down, moping an a power wash in a few spots but I guess after a few cold ones you don't see it anymore.  Will I go back?  Yes, I would, affordable food, good music and  folks all in a good mood I'm there.  4 stars due to they are still a littler ruff around the edges.  Peace :)
Let me preface this review by saying I have only ever enjoyed Casey Moore's as a bar and have never had the food, though I hear it is good.  The bar is nice, right off of Mill Ave/University but a bit tucked away from the Mill crowd.  You will definitely get a unique people watching experience, as the crowd is diverse from college co-eds, to hipsters to punk...you get my point.  The alcohol selection is great, my fave being Ace Pear Cider, they also have Stella Artois, which I have found to be quite difficult to find on tap in other locations.  Added bonus, men get to use the "stone" outside restroom, where you pee, well on a stone outside. Kinda jealous considering there is always a wait for the 2 stall women's bathroom.  This place is always crowded, on this occasion I went on a Wednesday night and it was packed.  Service is always good and friendly, though they could afford to hire more people as the wait for drinks when being served is usually long.  It beats going up to the bar inside though, as that wait is usually just as long.  The parking is a mess, as the lot is small and well, it's always crowded.  Be wary of parking in nearby apartments, as your car will be towed.
Wen't in last night and found out that Gavin Rutledge was fired.  Gavin was the face of this great neighborhood pub.    The people who own this business have no idea what they've lost.  My patronage is now going to dwindle to a trickle.  Two decades of coming in here at least once a week - I think you can do the numbers.  Head over to House of Tricks as the perfect alternative if you like an outdoor bar in old town Tempe.    A little stunned as I write this.  Good luck, Gavin, and Patty and David - here's hoping your numbers go consistently down.
Huge outdoor seating area that goes all the way around this house. Smaller indoor seating options. It IS a house. Amazing food and great beers and cocktails. The perfect place to meet with friends any time of day or night. Parking can be a bitch so plan accordingly. Your drinking experience doesn't g4t much better than this.
When people in Arizona complain about the seafood we have I want to smack them. What do you expect in the F-ing desert? I grew up in the Ocean State, 40+ years of top New England fresh seafood on my doorstep. I don't expect that in Tempe but I know where to find good seafood, Casey Moore's is my first choice.  This is a very cool bar, a neighborhood hangout, not some corporate designed food slinging franchise. They don't have the big bucks backing them up so they better be consistently good, or they're out of business. CMOH has been in business for a very long time, and business is good.  I prefer Friday when the dinner specials go on the board. I've had marlin, shark, swordfish, ono, mahi and all kinds of fish you don't find in AZ restaurants. You never know what they'll have for fish specials. I'm rarely disappointed. I have the oysters regularly and Casey's Oysters Rockefeller is one of the best I've had in my life, including my home state.  The patio is often packed, the bar gets crowded, the many small dining rooms are full, so you may have occasional lapses in service. The CMOH staff is very good but sometimes they're overwhelmed by the popularity of their pub. The bar staff is second to none, I should know, I've bellied up to many bars in my day.  Rumor has it the upstairs dining rooms (formerly bedrooms) are haunted. I don't know, but I love dining up there. It's a great place to take a date. The menu is varied, from bar standards to specials you won't find anywhere else.  Give Casey's a chance, and if you're not convinced, try again. You may be the problem, the common denominator in all your bad restaurant reviews.
Upon my first visit to CMOH, I liked the casual ambience and the outdoor patio. The oysters on the half shell were exceptional, especially with the house-made fresh (and potent!) horseradish. Kinda wakes up your sinuses and makes you say "Boy... Howdy!" This is Japanese wasabi's American cousin driving a monster truck through your uvula!  However, there were some misses with the food on the rest of our order. The chipotle hot wings were way too subdued, although the texture was decent. I was hoping for a spicy wing that would grab me by the gooch--alas, these did not. The fried mushrooms were a tragedy. Crispy and breaded on the outside, but when you bit into them they turned to mush.  I'd come back for the beer, the interesting crowd, the great outdoor patio or rustic bar interior. I'm advising you order carefully though. Maybe their sandwiches are the big draw (besides the face-smacking, face-hugging oysters).
I like Casey Moore's, it's a cool place, and a good option for lunch and late night.   For lunch, the service typically takes forever. I've had 1.5-2 hour lunches because it's painfully slow. The food is pretty good and the drinks are strong.The best part of Casey Moore's is the vibe and the atmosphere. It's very laid back and a nice place to hang out.  I don't think it's the cleanest of places...One night I saw a cockroach in the tiled area between the bathrooms, which was nasty. There's definitely a dingy element to it, which isn't really my thing but maybe enhances the vibe.  It's worth checking out if you're in Tempe and tired of Mill.
When I moved from Phoenix to Tempe 6 years ago (even though I am back in Phoenix now) I picked a place that was within walking distance of Casey Moore's because I love it so much.  The food is great, much better than bar food, which is what some people mistakenly think they are going to get.  $4 will get you a super strong well drink, I have been knocked on my ass more times than I care to think about from their pours.  The staff is great and really does know your name.  I have been kicked out but they always let me back it.  Once after a bitchy girl started screaming at me and calling me names for no reason, the owner offered to kick her out simply because he knows I am a regular and would never fight in his bar.  That is customer service at it's best.  I miss you Casey Moore's, I don't go often enough anymore... I must change that...
I have had both good experiences and mediocre experiences at Casey Moore's.  I find that more often than not, the weather and the crowd dictates the enjoyment of this place.  When the weather is mild or cold this is a really great place to go.  I love the patio seating, it is comfortable and plentiful and the grounds are relatively attractive.  The seating outside is well spaced enough to not have to share your elbow space with strangers, but close enough that you can easily mingle with others.  All around a great patio!  The service is fine, but not stellar.  They are usually quite busy, so while the wait staff is pleasant, they are sometimes lacking in attentiveness.  The food has never been bad, but has definitely been mediocre at times.  The one thing that is terrible is the parking.  Since they are always busy, the parking areas are overflowing.    All in all, I like this place.  Only the heat deters me, since I prefer their patio seating over the indoor area.
Great spot to grab burgers and beers. The burgers always come out perfect, and the bartender is always friendly and quick to serve.  I wish I lived closer, that is my only complaint!
The atmosphere here is a very large social gathering and seems to be a great place for the alternative crowd from mill and college kids. The bartenders are pretty fast and spot on. the prices are average. The food is pretty good, and not too expensive. It's a great place to go to spend an evening with friends or to meet new people. It can get pretty busy and the parking lot is not very big so sometimes you have to walk a little bit, but usually not much.
Casey Moore, Oyster Whore By The Rue  This Tempe icon deserves 3 stars, Gets one extra because the girls here are above par, The cocktail sauce doesn't come in a jar, I'd come here more if I didn't live so far.  Stopped by here on a Saturday afternoon late, I was rolling by myself, can't find a date, I didn't order food but it all looked great, Later I got on my board and went to go skate.  It's a cozy place on the inside and out, Couldn't catch her eye but I didn't pout, I don't mind cause she probably likes No Doubt, That band sucks and Gwen Stefani has gout.  I sat at the bar and ordered Kilt Lifter, It came in a pint and not in a snifter, Slick, switch the 100 for a 10 like a grifter, I got the chrome skull on my Jeep's shifter.  Going out on a limb to say best outside bar in Tempe, Outside, on a wall is where the men go pee, Come in late spring all the girls dress sexy, Full time single dad who's weekends are free.   Blarney!!
beer is cheap. food is not so great. patio is fun. yelpzilla is happy! It a fun dive. full of grad students and zombie hipsters. service is slower than the second coming. ORDER WITH CASH AT THE BAR.Reviewer Rya needs to check her self before she wrecks herself. Honey, its a bar and a divey one at that. Slow ya roll.
Since it was raining the night we went, we sat inside. Our service was great!! Maybe that's where you can find good service, patio is hit and miss.  Oyster's Rockefeller and fish were flavorful and fresh!!
It ain't what it used to be. On two occasions I was "greeted" by door guys that must have mistakenly thought they were bouncers at an L.A. Nightclub.
Pretty good food - actually better than you would expect - but what really brings you back in the ambiance.  We love the outdoor seating and patio areas.  Great place for happy hour or just hanging out.
I finally went here, after reading the reviews and pouting about how busy I was with work and how it is hard to find someone to be my Designated Driver, since Arizona is way more strict than NJ when it comes to people drinking and driving.    So, I finally arrived at Casey Moore's last night and was impressed.  This is an upgraded Irish pub/bar with a great beer selection, yummy yummy yummy crab cakes, and a cozy atmosphere.    It was Thursday night in which they have a special on Kiltlifter (sp?) and I was pretty excited.  The music was not that good.  I wish that they would have a DJ there on busy THursday nights.  That would really enhance the atmosphere and probably their people traffic as well.  I vote for a DJ on Thursday nights, heck, I have amazing music, I could just be the DJ.  I will be back very soon to try their oysters and some of the other seafood dishes and of course more beer on tap.  Seriously, you need a DJ on Thursday nights.
Honestly, I think the service has gone downhill. Last time we were in for dinner we couldn't find our server towards the end of our meal. After 20 minutes of sitting with no drinks or food my husband asked the bartender if he might know where the server was. He apologized and said he got too high before his shift and couldn't help. Not to worry, she was in the bathroom crying the whole time, something about the boy she liked not reciprocating the feelings.  I like the atmosphere, I love the patio, but the service could use a little help.  Side note: I was pretty grossed out when I saw cats walking on stacks of clean plates at an outside wait station.
Writing this review makes me pretty sad, because the atmosphere and crowd at Casey Moore's is probably my favorite in all of Tempe, and the food isn't half bad either.  That being said, the staff and bouncers at Casey's are so unnecessarily rude and disrespectful that I cannot justify ever going back there.  I've never seen anything like it at a low-key-environment place like this, and as much as it pains me, they've finally lost my business for good.
By far my favorite bar/pub in the Phoenix area. I'm not sure if it's the coy pond, the blarney stone (you'd have to be a guy to get it), or the great whisky sours. I'd say for me the quality of a bar is judged about 60% by the drinks, and 40% by the atmosphere, and Casey Moore's has this combo locked down.
I feel like I'm writing several negative reviews, but maybe I was just unlucky with my choices?  Drinks - I had a nice white wine I cannot remember the name of, but it did the job. Food - I had maybe two bites due to chatting with my pals, but ended up leaving the leftovers on the table since it didn't really do much for me. Maybe I order poorly, but my pasta was lame. Service - Waitress with an attitude and waiter that walked around with an aloof expression on his face. Neither were very attentive to our group of 13+. Ambiance - I'm confused... We're in Tempe... a land-locked state, correct? Oysters? At an Irish pub? Really? Like I said, confusing!
Have been here several times and just realized have not written a review! How blasphemous.  Was here on Friday for happy hour. $2 off appetizers meant a dozen oysters for $10. Not bad. Also indulged in some brews on tap. They have indoor and outdoor seating, the outdoor being the most fun, in my opinion.  I've also had some of their other food in the past. Mostly pub-style sandwiches and the like, very tasty.  Service can be slow, the place has sort of a laid back attitude. So be prepared to just sit back and relax.
the wife and i biked down to tempe yesterday for a bite to eat and settled in at casey moores. specifically because they offer sat/sun happy hour from 11-4!!!!!  a dozen oysters (tasted fresh and salty), the clam strips app (good), and the wife had the hippie sandwich....essentially a vegan/vegetarian sandwich (which she liked).   2 beers, outside patio, beautiful phoenix area day. casey moores is a great place for oysters, happy hour, and atmosphere.
Sometimes I just wanna sit on the patio with my friends and not worry about having to chase down a server or bartender to get a brew. Casey Moore's fills that void in my nightlife, I had to put *zero* effort into getting a pint. They even patiently made obnoxious, complex drink orders without showing the slightest signs of irritation.   This is what a perfect staff looks like. IDK about the food (not important) or like the restroom (size of a closet), but it gets 5 stars so that other bars' staff can perhaps down a black velvet while they take notes.
The absolute must go bar in Tempe. Perfect for an afternoon drink with friends. Sit outside nestled in trees, blocked away from, but only a few feet from busy downtown Tempe. Perfect place to kick back, relax, and talk with friends.  The atmosphere is very relaxed. The music is also a plus playing music spanning from independent artists to classic rock.  If lunch is what you're looking for then look no further. Casey's has a terrific menu of sandwiches, appetizers, salads, and full meals. Famous for their oysters, Casey's is definitely not just your average bar. On that note it is also very laid back and very much so "every mans" bar. A strange paradox! Check it out! It's also haunted!
Great food, great atmosphere and the bartenders are the best!  A must visit when you are in Tempe!
I was SOO pissed they took the seafood stuffed tomato off the menu, but SOO happy they had Raj on tap, the Prime Rib was way more than 16oz, and I still finished it, seemed kinda pricy for the quality. Raj make Crispy happy.
I had not stepped foot into this pub since the mid eighties, when Gavin did his nightly handstand walk across the bar at closing time.  Sadly, Gavin has sold and left.  Happily, the newer, improved version has a lovely, sprawling patio.  Music is always good and the food, a great value for pretty decent ingredients, too.  My only complaint: the patio is loved by the smokers...shame on you smokers!
Casey Moore's is like one giant house party but with much better people, and much better beer available.  The extra special vibe is due to its long/sordid history, secret upstairs breakfast room, weird Blarney Stone pee rock, inside dining nook, corner "beach"/lounge area, and hidden neighborhood location.  It wasn't until I got older that I had an honest to goodness dinner here, and that was f-ckin fabulous too.   Everyone makes it to Casey Moore's at some point...and even after those college years have become a distant memory, you can still pop in for a pint and have an equally great time (just stay inside, and avoid the ubiquitous stumblers...)
Went there on a Sunday afternoon because wife wanted some seafood. We got there around 4pm, it seemed busy but not crazy since the dinner crowd doesn't come in till after 5. The service was sub par; condiments, silverware and napkin not served until the food arrived and only after asking. Sorry but these are basic things a restaurant should get right. Food is so-so, we definitely had better. Then came time for the check, took our server 30mins to return with the card. Its got 3 stars because I think the patio (which is huge) ambiance is great for hanging out. Not a place to go if you don't have too much time.
I love Casey's for the laid back atmosphere and beers. Recently, their food has been subpar which is a shame because the crab cakes used to be amazing. They must've gotten a new cook? Or bad crab? Not sure. But I still pop in for a beer. Bike friendly.
Wow been going there for years but went there recently and was really disappointed, food was horrible, the urinal rock wall was overflowing and leaking all over my shoes and to top it off I sat in a bar stool for 30 minutes before some big shot drug dealer they like there arrived and told me I was in his seat, when I refused to move the bouncers asked me to move. Casey's FAIL
Place is pretty awesome.  Nice and laid back crowd.  Been there twice now.  It gets kind of loud in there.  I didn't realize that I was somewhat "yelling" to have a conversation with my friends there until I woke up at my buddies after leaving tore up from their delicious white chocolate beer and he said that my sore throat was from talking so loud to be heard.  Yes, the deducing agent would be that his throat was sore as well.  I'll definitely be back, although next time, less white chocolate beer.  Man is my body just aching today!
The most unique bar in Tempe, in my opinion. This place is an absolute staple for me personally. If you're looking for something different from the Mill Ave crowds, this neighborhood bar is worth a look. As you can see from the neighboring houses, Casey Moores is actually a historic home modeled to run as a pub. While the indoor area is comfortable and homey, the patio is exceptional (especially for brunch) during nicer times of the year.   This place has a rich history, almost too much to fit in one review. They have their own wandering cats, a koi fish pond, blarney stone that doubles as a restroom and apparently this place is haunted too. The outdoor bar is perfect and the service is always phenomenal, all the bartenders are some of the best I've encountered in the area. The servers are always friendly and used to large amounts of traffic. I've seldom if ever had a bad experience.  I didn't expect the food to be that good, thinking beer was more their thing, but in recent years it's actually become quite good. Bar food is always top notch, chicken fingers and wings, burgers, etc. I'm partial to their salad with blackened chicken added. Oh, and you can customize your own grilled cheese. One of the best I've had, hands down.  This place is no longer a secret. Friday and Saturday nights people turn out in droves. If the 'cool' crowd isn't your thing, no worries. Get here early evening pretty much any night of the week and the place is ideal. Love this place!
Great bar scene! Foods decent but the atmosphere, people, and beer make up for that.  This place has a great personality and is a great place to meet up with some friends.  Very laid-back feeling, almost like your hanging out at your friends patio.
I might still be black listed for peeing on the patio in my tutu... but, I mean it's usually poppin. I think.... I black out every time I go.
We were told this is the cool and hip bar that ASU folks frequent. And that they have bomb oysters and various plates of fried fishy goodness. So we had to check out this "staple" bar.  The atmosphere is casual and laid back. You can grab seating at the patio (recommended if the weather is bearable) or at the cozy wood-themed indoor bar. The place was quite empty, but we visited on a Wednesday night so that was expected.  The food was okay. Oysters were fresh but the flavor was a bit off. One of the oysters in our plate was spoiled and that ruined the plate for us. Luckily, the waiters were glad to replace it for us. The fried bar food selection includes fried mushrooms, fried oysters, and fish n chips, among others.  None of the plates were remarkable, except for the Oyster Rockefeller, which I highly recommend.  Wide selection of local beers on tap. And I hear this place is happening during happy hours.  ----  Distinguishing factor: Warm and cozy bar with a lively local college scene and fresh selection of oysters and fried goodies.
The outdoor patio is the ultimate spot in Tempe for people (mostly hipster) watching. The drinks are reasonably priced, the food is awesome (I've eaten here for lunch, dinner and random bar snacks), the staff is polite (and sometimes you get a really friendly person), the place is always packed.   I have spent many a night at Casey's and think you should go there, too.
I've been coming here for years. I always spend New Year's Eve here as well as St. Patty's day. Great social environment, staff is excellent, worth a visit. Try the food, it's the best. If you're a guy, make sure you use the Barney stone in the outside patio.
On a recent vacation, my man and I took a trip down to the ol' Oyster House so he could reminisce about his bachelor days in sunny AZ. I guess this was "the cool spot" when he was growing up... literally, the only cool spot... nothing like self-consciously hipsterized, bar-lined, alterna-culture Seattle, where we live now. This was a lot of fun for me.  1) I have never seen so many different kinds of bar flies in one place. In Seattle, having 10 million bars means that each one can serve its own perfectly isolated niche (e.g., bearded heavy metal knitting enthusiasts). I guess living in a town that mainly has tumbleweeds and meth to offer means that on Friday night, everybody looking to party ends up in the same place.... soccer moms, goths (really? still?), bros, and yes, hipsters, all gettin' wasty in their own corner of this sprawling bar.  2) Property is pretty cheap in AZ, I guess - this place is huge!! That was fun.  3) MMMmm I ate the hummus and pita it was delicious.  4) I can't believe how absurdly freaking cheap it is to drink in this town!! God, why'd I ever move to the Pacific Northwest? I shoulda moved to Tempe!! Oh wait... this would be the *only* place I'd ever go.
Great place on Sunday afternoon and sitting outside. I'll be a regular.
One of my favorite spots in Tempe.  Offers a very eclectic Irish bar setting with a great selection of beers.    The outdoor seating is very nice, especially with great weather.  Mill Ave can tend to get a little crazy at times, but Casey Moore's offers an escape that is worth the visit.
This was the worst place ever.  In my burger, there was some mystery meat that I bit.  When I told the waiter she took my food back and not once did I get an apology.  The service was horrible, it took an over an hour to get the food. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.  I hope this place gets shut down.  If you do go here dont expect good food or service.
I enjoy Casey Moores for what it is -- a place for young, music-friendly, super trendy people to get together, grab drinks, smoke a ton of cigarettes, and enjoy pretty tasty bar food.   It's better than the rest of the Mill Scene (no cover, ever!) and is a pretty large establishment. No crappy club music playing all over the place, and the entire outside is a smoking patio.  Recommendations: -Fish N Chips -Baked Oysters (it is an oyster house after all) -Beer specials  -Their burgers and fries are very very good.  Don't recommend: -Calamari (it has this super heavy breading and it tastes more like an onion ring than a seafood product) -Cold oysters on a place -- not as fresh as I'd like them, and a little grainy.
Words cannot even express how much I hate this place. It's literally five minutes from my house in Tempe and everybody and their mother loves it here. I've been here four times. FOUR CHANCES, and they blew every single one.  Visit #1: I go with a handful of girlfriends. Order a margarita. Worst margarita of my life, hands down. My friend also ordered one and hated it. We both had to send it back (the first and only time I have ever sent a drink back. It was that bad). We told our server that we'd like something different, but we needed a moment to decide. She rolled her eyes, took them away, and we didn't see her until much later, when she delivered our bill. I had no drinks that night.  Visit #2: I went with my husband for lunch. Ordered the crab sandwich. I took a bite and it was an effort to swallow it, it was so disgusting. Now, I used to live off of eating out just about every day of the week. My husband and I are always incredibly polite to our servers and feign enjoying meals that are sub par. Getting meals you don't like is a part of life. This, however, was inedible. For the second time ever (I never send food back, I know how annoying it is for the servers and feel so bad), I had to send it back and ask for something different. Our server seemed really perturbed, but did bring me the meal I ordered instead. It was mediocre at best, but I ate it without any complaint. I apologized profusely to our server and assured her that I liked the new meal, even though I didn't, in hopes of her mood improving. It didn't.  Visit #3: Don't even ask me why, but my husband and I were craving Oysters and thought that we'd give Casey Moore's Oyster House another chance to impress us. Not only were the oysters not good (we did not complain about them this time, though), but our server was so rude that we thought we had wronged her in some way. Dirty looks, only stopped by twice I believe in the hour and a half we were there, didn't say hello or smile once. We thought maybe we had caught her on a bad day, but the joyful smile on her face as she laughed with the table of men directly across from us quickly made us realize that this was not the case. To be clear, we did not complain about anything at any time. We were kind, polite, and didn't keep her from other tables. What the hell?  Visit #4 (tonight): I went with a girlfriend for drinks after a run. I only went because it was a beautiful night and I wanted to sit outdoors. First off, we had my friend's dog with us and went to the front without the dog to see if we could tie him up outside of the establishment (around a tree). Nobody was there so we went back to get the dog to tie him up (again, outside of the place, by the sidewalk). A man promptly and rudely said, "I'm not letting you two in with that dog out there." Okay. So we took the dog back to the car and left the window down for him. When we got back and found a seat, I smiled and said hello to our server when he greeted us. Upon asking us what we wanted to drink, I said, "There is a drink at Boulder's (bar down the street) I really like and was wondering if you guys might do something similar..." "We don't." He said, and just looked at us. That's it. I proceeded to tell him what the drink was (Strongbow mixed with a Raspberry type beer). "No, I told you we don't." Finally after awkwardly floundering about, my friend and I settled on another drink. We did get what we ordered and it was good (we both got Strongbows with a shot of Fireball). But seriously, dealing with TWO rude men tonight, plus the history I've had there, makes me realize I really will never go back ever. And I mean it this time.  I mean truly, I am extremely polite and go above and beyond to make people feel comfortable and happy to be serving me. I smile big, say hello, don't take too much of their time, don't whine or complain, etc. But the fact that four of my all time worst restaurant experiences were all from Casey Moore's is just too much to ignore. I hate that place and hate that I'm the only one who feels this way.
The patio space is great to grab a beer and pair with some fried oysters. The oysters are perfectly crisp and HUGE! I really hate second hand smoke but the patio was large enough for my husband and I to enjoy an outdoor meal but yet not lose a few minutes of our lives while doing it.   The atmosphere was very comfortable and would be a great place to come with large groups to have a good time.
The beer selection sucks and the little bit of food I have had here was unimpressive. BUT! A good place to people watch? And be watched? If you're into that.
Located just off Mill Ave.  When the weather is nice it has a great patio. Inside is a total dive. Pretty decent food but it is a total drunk fest type of place. Lots of ASU kids and a whole host of regulars whose sole purpose in life is just to hang out and get drunk.
I had a very interesting experience at Casey Moore's.  I went with my g/f, meeting with some family (including a child under 21) for an evening of food and drinks on a Wednesday night.  Now, I know that the weekends get really busy and kind of rowdy.  Wednesday night was quite slow and very quite.  My g/f and I sat down and ordered a round of drinks and an appetizer.  The server was nice and service was quick.    My family and I have been there numerous times in the past with no issues of having my family member under 21.  For some reason this time was different.  I tried flagging down my family as they were walking into the bar.  Apparently the door man has said the only way a minor is allowed in is to sit inside, not on the patio.  Again, this is 100% different than the other ten times we have been there during the week.  When I went inside to find out what was going on, I over heard the server saying "they should go somewhere else, like I care anyway."  Wow, that was super rude.  I don't think she knew I was standing there.  Regardless, it was one of the worst customer service experiences I've had.  The worst part is the family is full of restaurant managers and servers.  We all have been in situations like this, which is why we don't put up much of a fight.    Now, if the business policy is no minors under 21 are allowed ever, I can understand if they made an exception one time. However, as I've previously stated, we have been there over ten times with no issues.     I gave 2 stars for the beginning server being nice and speedy.  But I cannot go above that because the rude comments and extremely uncalled for glare we received has pushed me away from this place to never return.  So much so, this is my first negative post ever on Yelp.
This place is my absolute favorite! I recently moved to Phoenix and someone recommended this place to me. I immediately wanted to check it out and now it's my go-to spot. The crowd and staff are extremely friendly and inviting. They have a full bar and beer on tab for everyones palate. The food also tastes very fresh, including everything from the seafood to sandwiches and burgers. This place also has a huge outdoor patio, which I enjoy before all of the smokers congregate.  You'll probably find me there most weekends. Cheers!
This place is a fun little dive bar with pretty good food and a nice patio.  The service is nothing spectacular, but the food is pretty tasty.  I recommend the fish and chips and the greek chicken pita.  Both were very tasty.
Drink the beer.
They're not kidding when they say they have the best chowder in Arizona.
I've always loved this place and used to come here a lot more frequently 10 years ago. The other day I came back for the wings I love. The price went up to $6 a dozen for happy hour, but they're worth it. Generous helping on the ranch for the carrots and celery and presentation is nice. Some of the same familiar faces still work there - some of the gals are still there ("Very few people leave."). Of course Phil, perhaps the best bartender in the valley, is still there (he even remembered part of my weird drink I used to get!!), and Dave is showing some age now (sorry Dave, still love ya), and the comfort level is alive and well. At least until it gets crowded. However the staff knows how to BUST ASS, they've dealt with crowds for years. Gavin is no longer there, but he can be found lurking sometimes in other places in Tempe.   The patio is still great and the top floor is still haunted. No thumping music. So come on back!  INSIDE SKINNY:  Get there early for Happy Hour, especially on Friday. If you arrive Friday 6pm the place is packed and you probably won't find parking or a free table, but there's the small lot directly next to Casey's on 9th that services the little apartments you can park in. Painted signs abound - "We love Casey Moore's, parking allowed." Hopefully you're not the first one in your group to arrive at 6pm.
First five star rating. Everything was perfect. Ordered three appetizers for my girlfriend and myself along with a few drinks. Got a seafood combo which consisted of shrimp, oysters, and tuna. Really yum. Ordered the lobster cakes which were good but who can mess up lobster cakes? Last but not least, by far the best oysters I have ever tasted, the "Rockefellers". The name exceeds its quality. Unreal. The waiter warned me it would be a 45 minute wait for the oysters to be steamed and baked and the result was astoundingly impressive. Seemed as if I was tasting oysters combined with a cheese pizza. Good stuff! I will be going back.
I love the location and atmosphere of this place. It's dark inside with a dive bar feel and a huge open outside with plenty of misters to stay cool. My favorite item on the menu is the Rockefeller Oysters! It takes about 30 minutes to get them but they are worth the wait! They also have a full bar!
Seriously good oysters with real horseradish (which is very rare). Very relaxed atmosphere. A mix of Irish, American & even Southwest foods.
Dude, people try to put caseys down but it's a go to spot for a good night out with "drinks on me!" Once my cousin from Leeds, UK was vistiting and we drove by. I told him it's my favorite watering hole. we drove by once at 130 am and heard somone screaming "help! help!" inside...it was pimp
I can't speak to the food here, I've only ever had it drunk. Also, I've never ordered it, I've just stolen it from friends. If memory serves, the food was fine.  But more importantly is the beer. It's reasonably priced. Also, the people-watching is great because the crowd is ridiculously hipster. Yes, I realise the irony at staring at a bunch of hipsters, feeling superior, and judging them, but I guess that's part of why I feel so at home here. In a way, aren't we all obnoxious hipsters who don't know how to dress?
If you like eating next to stray cats and tons of birds then this is your place!  Food, service, parking and decor are horrible. The inside looks like a haunted house and the outside is a complete wreck. I literally had stray cats walking right past me while I was sitting outside. There were also tons of birds swooping down to get bits of food right next to me. Wow...just wow I couldn't believe it, I've never seen that before. I quickly paid my tab and got out of there. I cannot ever recommend this place. They should give Jon Taffer a call, because this place needs help.
I would not ever, ever, ever go here again if it weren't for the fact that my group of friends practically lives here. I really don't know what they see in the place other than "hey we've been going here every week for the better part of 10 years now...why would we do anything else?"  Pros: It's uh. It's a bar? With an outdoor bathroom that lets you pee on the wall? I dunno. I digress. There are some good parts.  1. Management and Bartenders: Awesome folks. Very personable. If you have any issue with the place at all, the manager will do his best to make sure you're happy, even if there's not much he can do.   2. Aside from the people who drink here(which I'll touch on below), the actual physical atmosphere is nice. I like patio bars.  Cons:  1. Door staff are assholes. This is the first place I've ever had a security person anywhere ever lay their hands on me. I walked out the side entrance to make a phone call in a quieter area and told the guy I'd be right back in. Finished my very short phone call within eyesight of the guy making eye contact with him a few times during the call. I walked back into the bar past him. He followed me 50 feet into the bar and grabbed me by the back of my neck and started screaming at me about showing ID every time you walk into the place. I literally talked to the guy not 5 minutes before in order to avoid having to go through the ID process all over again. If it ever happens again I'm calling the police and filing a battery charge.   2. Food is garbage. With the exception of the potato skins, everything on the menu sucks. But it's REALLY hard to make lousy potato skins.  3. Beer menu is small/not really listed anywhere. Ask the waitress which beers they have and she'll tell you a few random ones that she can think of off of the top of her head and say "and we have others I guess". If you want Kiltlifter or Fat Tire, you're set. If you want anything else, it's a 50/50 shot on whether or not they have it.  4. Hipster. Central. Seriously the clientele here is atrocious. I've literally been verbally assaulted here for eating potato skins by a waifish, meth-mouthed denizen who was the human embodiment of the lyrics of Macklemore's "Thrift Shop" because there was cheese and bacon on my food. He went off on me for being offensive to animals or some such. Telling me I would be a vegetarian if I had to kill the animal myself. On a friday night, the place is packed wall-to-wall with the whiniest, heroin-chic douchebags you will ever meet. I feel like this is the case because they don't like the loud music of the bars on mill so they walk around the corner and park themselves at Casey's.  5. Cops. Lots and lots and lots of cops. If you go here on a semi-regular basis(once or twice a month or more) for a long enough period of time, you WILL be stopped immediately after leaving the bar. The Tempe PD are for the most part nice folks, but the ones who patrol looking to catch a DUI coming out of Casey's are all assholes. Not really the bar's fault at all, but it's part of the experience of going there.  6. Pricing. Two drinks and a plate of aforementioned potato skins? 20 dollars plus tip. Look to spend at least 5 dollars(tip included) for a pint of beer here unless it's on special/happy hour. 7 to 10 dollars for a mixed drink with well liquor(tip included).   7. Parking. 10-15 parking spots in their lot. Yeah. 10 to 15 spots. For a bar that is usually packed to the brim with people. After the stores close down, you can park in the little strip mall parking lot around the corner. But again, there's always a cop car or motorcycle cop just sitting in that lot waiting for you to look like you're walking toward a car.   8. Wait staff sucks. It's always sucked. It's not really their attitude all the time(though it is sometimes). They hire like 3 or 4 girls(I'm not being sexist, they only hire females to do wait staff) to cover what's usually close to 1,000 people(maybe more? I'm not a good judge of actual numbers of people) all asking for booze at the same time. Don't even bother placing drink orders with them. Just walk up to the bar and pay with cash and then go back to your seat.    9. Bathrooms are horrendous. It's really hard to use the bathroom when there are 2 urinals and one stall for guys. Especially once 10pm rolls around and the holocaust-skinny hipster kids I mentioned above start vomiting in the stall and sink because they can't hold their booze and drinking in a college town means DRINK UNTIL YOU DIE. The blarney stone is all well and good until a dude takes a dump in there.   10. Climate control. Because of the patio setup, it's always too hot or too cold to be really comfortable, save for the few months per year here in the valley that the weather is really nice. It's still 90+ degrees at 11pm here 6 months out of the year.   If you haven't been here? Don't bother going. You'll get suckered into meeting your friends for drinks for the next 6 years.
Total disappointment.  When told two of our three entrees would take about 30 minutes to prepare we ordered appetizers.  They were brought to the table, along with the third entree which the waiter said "oh I forgot and entered this at the same time."  No offer to keep it warm until the other entrees arrived, but wait, why worry? Within minutes the two 30 minute entrees were on the table along with the appetizers.  A total mess.  And apparently there is a bread shortage if you order clams or escargot.  Two small pieces! When asked for additional bread, the waiter said "sure" and thats the last we saw of him.  Last time for us.
I've been to Casey Moore's a few times. This past time will be my last time. I met up with a few of my buddies on a Sunday afternoon. We ordered some beer and some food and waited. And waited.....and waited.   It wasn't very busy but out waitress apparently felt it was more important to serve other people in the area rather than us. It might have been because we didn't look like hipsters. Maybe we didn't have enough visible tattoos. Maybe because we don't have any facial piercings? We got plenty of attention from the feral cat that was walking around the place. Perhaps it was left behind from one of the many hippies that frequent this place.   After our nice long wait for our food, the food was wrong. Our waitress was obviously bothered by our requests to get our food correct. I mean we did order the oysters and some sandwiches, clearly we were out of our minds for bothering our server and the kitchen staff to make the food properly. I forgot who ordered what but the sandwich was missing the bacon. We only got one round of beer, not because we only wanted one round, but because our server didn't bother asking if we wanted more.   We would have pulled a dine and dash if our credit card wasn't being held on file for our tab. Between the lackluster food (the oysters are decent), the roaming animals, the dark and gloomy dining area, and the general craptacular wait staff, I'd say avoid this place. Unless you have very low expectations of what a bar/restaurant should be. But even then I think this place would disappoint.
I come here for the oysters and get sucked into the chicken fingers every god damn time. It's a massive portion, they are a great value.  I got food baby octomom preggers at this place more times than I can count. This place kind of reminds me of a pirate ship. Also note: Hipsters dig this place.  That's all.  PS: One time a dude walked in on a Sunday morning when I was trying to conceive and just said: "I'LL HAVE A DRAFT AND A PRIME RIB" in an old codger "I'm-not-fucking-around" voice.  It really set the mood.
I like the large patio but the seats and tables are really small on the patio. The food was really salty. We ordered the calamari and crab bites but couldn't eat them after a while.  The waitress was pretty prompt. The restrooms are really small and hard to find. Only thing I thought was nice was the wrap around outdoor seating. Parking really is a pain.
I eat a lot of wings and these are as good as it gets in Tempe. Great staff. Decent beer selection. Extraordinary patio.
I don't know what all this talk about hipsters is about. I don't think I even know what constitutes a hipster, but I do know that I love Casey Moore's.   Granted, I've never eaten anything here except for their oysters Rockefeller and potato skins (which were both pretty good) but I have spent many-a-night here, people-watching at the outside bar, enjoying an ice cold beer, and soaking up a few of our beautiful Arizona sunsets.  The service is generally fantastic and the bar is never as crowded as the one's on Mill. And, to top it off, it's within walking distance of ASU!
I lived in Scottsdale for about 16 months and didn't make it here until my last week. Ugh... I wish I could have come here a few more times.   The only reason I can't give it five stars is because I only tried one appetizer here and it wasn't oysters. I will be back one day and will update after I eat a meal here but for now, all you need to know is that this place is bad ass and just has a great vibe.  My buddy Paul brought me and some friends here for a night cap. The place was hoppin' and  we got lucky enough to find a table that fit four out on the patio. Patios, as most Valley residents know, are a focal point of the AZ culture. If crab cakes and football are what Maryland does, then Patios and Spring Training are what Arizona does. Anyway, they got a good one, definitely come check it out. You will not be disappointed.
Really fun bar. We used to go here all the time in college and always had a good time. Lots of people ride their bikes up here and there's usually a pretty big crowd at night. I like the picnic tables that are outside on their patio. Good beer selection and they also have good food. I came here after I graduated from ASU and ordered the Hippie sandwich with extra jalapenos.... just be aware that those are raw because I was not and my mouth was on fire for the next 5-6 hours...no exaggeration. It's surrounded by a lot of trees so it kind of feels like you are somewhere else and keeps it cool. Hard to believe it is so close to Mill because the crowd is soooo different. This place is much more chill and casual and cheap. Good vibe here.
Great patio, really great food (tacos, salads, sandwiches, burgers...all my favs), strong drinks, friendly staff. Generally too hipster for my tastes, but worth it because it's a lot more chill than Mill Ave. and skews at least a little older. You can't beat this place!
Fabulous crab cakes and oysters.  Thus place feels like dining in a tree house with rock'n music. The patio is fun and casual.
Ridiculously packed on the weekends which makes it a bit annoying to go to if you're not into pushing through a lot of people but the bar seems to keep up with it well and the drinks were good and strong. A regular of the Reddit meet ups and for good reason I suppose.
Best outdoor bar in Tempe. Excellent atmosphere. Super friendly neighborhood. Such a great environment.
I love the food here and the beer specialities are always fun. Prices are reasonable for the quality of food. It's definately got a good vibe and there's always a crowd.   The patio area is really nice. But a word of caution, if you eat outdoors, be prepared to be swarmed by flies. We ended up moving inside after a few bites because they were all over us once the food arrived.  The inside is nice but it's a tight squeeze. The decor cracks me up. I feel like everytime I go there I find a new sign to read or notice a new picture. The staff is great and the bartendars keep up the pace to get the drinks served quickly.
Great place to hang out. Off Mill so it's not too loud and has a great vibe. The employees are great and the bartenders know how to make good drinks! If you're looking to go out and don't want to deal with the insanity of mill this is the place to go.
So good is the fish and chip! I like the outdoors bathrooms very much. In summer heat, outdoor tinkle is very good yes!
First time here....and Im sure it won't be the last!
Once I walked in, i was greeted and had the option to seat myself wherever I pleased. I had trouble deciding so the waitress recommend the crab cakes and the spinach cheese baked oysters. I washed it down with age pear cider. Oh was it delish! The crab cakes came shortly and it was paired with an aioli tasting sauce. It was really a good combination and I would highly recommend it. It's the best crab cakes I've tried even compared to steelhead diner in Seattle. The oysters came in after 20 minutes after the warning did mention on the menu to allow for up to 35 minutes. It was delicious, but very rich to the taste. It had cheese and spinach and with a spritz of lemon it was just right!   I came during happy hour and they knocked two dollars off my crab cakes or any appetizer and it all totaled up to 23 bucks including tax. It's fairly cheap.   I would come here again! I am a big fan of fresh raw oysters so that would probably be my next purchase.
They have a very nice patio . And of course it has a haunted feel to it. I love their oyster rockfeller, clams and  crab cakes.
Talk about a HUGE wrap around patio! wow! The lighting is kind of dark inside, but that's probably intentional for atmosphere. I ordered the basil and pesto linguini with chicken. It was good, but I was full after a few bites so I asked for a take out box. Unfortunatley, I didn't realize that I had left the box on the table until I got to my car. The box was gone when I came back in to ask for it so the manager had a whole new meal prepared for me. How could I not be happy with that? Hence, I was able to have three meals for the price of one. #happydiner
I came to Casey Moores with a mission. I was gonna drink beer. But what I got from this establishment was so much more. I was exposed to some kind of eclectic hipster meet. Hip neophytes that finally decided on a style or a lack thereof, that has settled on some kind of facial hair construction and to back that up with a shirt that clearly was suppose to be ironic, but which message totally was well over my head. My focus was beer to dull the senses.   But enough about those on whom the old Jedi mind tricks work, the service was OK. The rest of the people here was interesting, if I do come back here it probably will be for the people. I didn't eat, but I have heard that they have great seafood. Maybe I will try that the next time.
I am in Tempe a number of times a year and I love this bar, staff are good, food is awesome. A little over priced but it is still the best bar in Tempe in my opinion.
I love that it feels like your hanging out in someone's backyard! Food was great and moderately priced. I loved the mozzarella sticks for an app. Always a great time at Casey Moores!
I love this place! It's hipster/motorcycle "bary" so I definitely feel out of place when I go there, but who cares! Their oysters are frikkin delicious! They are always soooo fresh and at $13 for a dozen, you can't beat that! Their horseradish is probably made from the devils flesh because it is so damn hot, but so damn good! It is probably my favorite place in Tempe.  Go here. It's cheap. It's good. It's fresh.
Saw this on the map and yelp reviews were good so we tried this funky sounding place out for lunch on a weekday. We sat ouside and were quickly greeted. We had beers, an fried oyster app, a nice berry spinach salad and a eastern style fish sandwich that were all good. The only problem is the whole ordeal took an hour and fifteen minutes. There was a reason there were no business people there. So if you have the time, check it out. I bet this place has a whole different vibe at night.
Was looking for a place to eat on the patio, this place seemed good so we tried it, I really enjoyed the beer , food, and patio. I would give five stars except the area I sat in smelled like BO from a couple straight hippies at the bar. I had the fried oyster po bo, it was awesome. I will definitely be back. My girlfriend also enjoyed herself. Also if cigarette smoke bothers you I would not eat outside here, luckily I am not sensitive and don't mind smoke. Very fun atmosphere.
This place has been a tradition for me since I was a baby and my mother would walk me over and feed me cole slaw. So, it's more loyalty than anything keeping me coming.   I'm not part of any 'hip' crowd, so the people watching and atmosphere is foreign but enjoyable.   The food has been sliding steadily downhill for years. They use to make that slaw by hand. Not anymore. But, they have a great selection.   The service is subpar, almost notoriously so. Except at the bar. The bartenders and the drinks they serve are a reason to keep coming back.   The patio is lovely all year around. Thomas the cat is a local celebrity. And, you can tell who's working by what music is being played.   3/5 stars: Loyalty and atmosphere keep me coming. Food is always a hit or miss. Service is always a miss. But with good company and a Guinness, who cares?
I enjoy going to Casey Moore's. It's a nice change from Mill Ave with a more relaxed environment, definitely full of hipsters. The prices and service are both pretty good but what really makes this place is the huge patio. Even when the place was packed after the homecoming game there was still plenty of room and it wasn't hard to get a drink. One of these days I'll come back for the food.
This place was aight,  $4 Beer specials were a pretty good deal but the sole reason I'm not rating this place any higher is because of the food. (Better options at 4Peaks and Santan)  It was Underwhelming and Overpriced~ The ambiance of this place was nice though  Had the Oyster Po Boy and well.... if you want seafood I guess one should move a bit closer to the W-Coast.
I've been hear at least four times. Each time was different, that can be a good thing and a bad thing. if you are a looking for a good time with poor friends who are stressed after a long and brutal ASU finals come here. if you are looking for burnouts and succinct points on trivial matters, such as sugar packet best used to trick unsuspecting coke users....look no longer. if you are open minded and to attached not to glitter and gold this is a place for fun. Don't come your hair or forget your plaid. and make sure to try the oysters, yes, try the Arizona oysters
Don't sit by the north east corner of the patio.   The bar blasts music that only the bartender seems to appreciate and the other side of the patio plays their own music.  You can barely hear the person next to you.  There is also a bad fly problem.    This is unfortunate because Caseys has one of the best patios in Tempe and good food/drinks.
Best bar in Tempe, hands down. Cool customers, cool servers, great service, delicious food, fun atmosphere. And they never mess up my black and blues when I order them! Their escargot and fresh oysters are bomb.
Been coming here for years and it never disappoints. I've tried many different desert oyster places around here and I must say this is my favorite. Very fresh and large oysters. Also love getting the shrimp plater. Nice and big. Large selection of beer and all at a great price.
Pretty good selection of food. Ambiance is really nice. Edge of old Tempe neighborhood, it's a landmark and a great place To go to once in a while
I tired the oyster on and half shell for the first time and it was good. I used a little to much horse radish which was my own fault I ended up coughing and sneezing at the same time, think "nacho libre" that's what happened. They also make classy drinks like an old fashion or a Tom Collins. The beer is pretty good too, this place is a place for you if you like sea food as well as bar food beware of the random cats stalking around.
Great place! Great oysters! I can't wait to go back again!
Great local joint to hang out and grab a drink or a bite.  Excellent food and oysters.
My all time favorite bar of all time. I frequent here at least 3-4 times a week. I have been doing that for about 4 years now. I will never stop coming here. Amazing drinks, food, beer selection, and most off all the staff! Keep it up Casey's.
Great place to hang out after class/work, grab some grub, and have a drink.  Expect a lot of hipsters, smoke, and some dogs and cats.  Overall a unique atmosphere for the laid back folk and like to feel relaxed and right at home.
Great place to enjoy your afternoon after work. I used to go all the time then they changed the calamari from giant legit ones to tiny pieces of breading so I stopped going. I probably won't go back till they change that back. Other than that, the place has great food!
Excellent ambience. Excellent service. Food was yummy. As a Floridian turned Arizonian the shrimp was pretty tasty even though it was from Thailand. Pretty awesome place. Just don't get frustrated with the parking... It's worth the wait. Awesome once the sun sets.
I ran across a note from 2 years ago about a great Irish Oyster Pub in Tempe. As we pulled in the parking lot, we worried about finding a spot but there's plenty of parking! We went inside for lunch instead of the patio, & first off my husband saw the dart board! He definitely enjoys the darts! Then we ordered two beers & discussed the great little pub we didn't know about for years! What a charming, warm & unique place to enjoy a few hours! The food was served quickly, & we enjoyed the oysters, beers, soup, etc very much! It is on our radar now as a great place to go for a delicious meal & a pleasant time!!
I've been in here several times. The girls -- never had a male bartender or server -- are always on top of their game. Saturday night, with a packed patio with standing room only, our server never left anyone with an empty drink. She was quick, polite and just damn good at her job.   The large patio is heated, so you can sit indoors or out.   Now for the food! We had a mini buffet of apps: Fried pickles, fried mushrooms, fried zucchini and chicken fingers. Yeah it's all fried food and hard to mess up, but everything was indeed tasty.   Will definitely be back.
It gets a little busy here, and although the food is good and the drinks are reasonably priced, I find it a little difficult to get service or even find a table.  I would stay away during the weekends, as it tends to be the same people going every time, and you will never find a seat. It is nice for a lunch during the week, and it does have a nice pub feel.  However, be warned that this is an obvious spot for the ironically hip.
Cheap, had 3 beers and they were only 3.50 each and they were IPA's all three of them.  Found it odd that people could still smoke at a bar (from Wisconsin where you can't do that).  So I didn't know I was sitting between a guy who was smoking (I don't smoke) and talking on his phone to some event coordiantor and another guy who was chewing copenhagen and spitting in his glass and talking about scuba diving to another hipster who was chain smoking Camels at the end of the bar.  All very appealing.  I was clearly the elder in the bar by 20 years. Mostly hipsters and spinsters with tattoos, or talk of future tattoos, or considering a tattoo or just got piereced at a tattoo shop.  Either way there were tattoos...everywhere.  Had the fish and chips. average.  Not spectacular.  Still can't beleive you can smoke at a bar...wow...go AZ.
Did I just pee outside?  I think I just peed into a cascading waterfall deep in the wilderness. This place rocks.
I love this place. Lunch or dinner...consistent, rock solid service and food. I can't really think of a negative other than you get carded on Friday and Saturday nights. I've eaten and some high brow steak joints. The most recent was Shula's. I can honestly say it's the most expensive restaurant I've eaten at where the menu was a football. Here's my comparison. Dinner for two                                                     Casey Moore's                                       Shula's    Wine:       4 glasses             $30.0                                                      $70  Appetizer: Fried Calamari      $8.00                                                    $16                     12 Oysters           $10.00                                                    Not on the menu Salads:       House                 $10.00                                                     $30 Steak:         9 oz tenderloins $50.00                                                    $130 Desert:       Shared                   $8.00                                                     $ 20 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                   $116.00 + Tax & Tip                           $266 + Tax and Tip  To be fair, Shula's is a fine dining restaurant and Casey Moore's is an Oyster House. You pay a premium for the ambiance and the aged beef. To be honest, the food is far better at Casey Moore's. I don't remember the wine choice but the retail of both wines were around the same. Just more than twice the price per glass.
My usual for lunch is their French Onion soup (which I still say is the best in AZ) and a small caesar salad w/ chicken.  They no longer offer the 1/2 salad and soup deal so your paying a bit more now-a-days but it's worth it.  Both are fabulous!  The caesar dressing is perfectly balanced and the chicken is always moist and flavorful.  I took a cup of chicken noodle soup to a friend as I know their soups are always top notch and this one can heal anything that ails ya!  Make sure you take advantage of the patio now while the weather is perfect!
A few of my close friends and I come here quite often when we feel like having a get together. (Which is usually once a week?) Chill atmosphere and variety of music i.e Punk Rock, Ska, Classic Rock, or Old School Rap will be heard playing. Never do they fail to provide excellent and friendly service! Bartenders and servers are always patient and strike up conversations with customers. Each day has their own drink special and draft selections are good!
This restaurant is amazing.  The ambiance is fantastic and the food is very reasonable.  A dozen Blue pointue point oysters for $13 is a deal.
Casey's is all about history, memories, and it's symbolic standing in each life it's come into contact.  A pint here has depth, and human warmth. It has it's line of regulars, and a feel you can't buy in these new "made to look older" pubs springing up. When you think Casey's think Classic.
Casey Moore, a hidden gem in down town Tempe Az area. I've been going here for about 6 years and still keep coming. Food is always good and always seems to have a nice group of people.
The food is okay, the service is alright and the beer selection is decent. I come here every now and then because a good portion of my friends are hipsters and they all tend to congregate at Casey's.The parking lot can be a pain at times but other than that, no real complaints.
I like the tuna melt also with the crab meat in it. Also the bloody mary was really good. I like the fun atmosphere what is a great place to eat and the prices are not too bad
If you love oysters, then you'll love Casey Moores. Great sized oysters for a great price. The horseradish on the side is simultaneously brutal & delicious. The patio has an awesome atmosphere with string lights and good music. Perfect place to have a beer and some oysters on a nice night in AZ!  Oh and I highly recommend the oysters rockefeller if you're not so into oysters on the half shell
Ate the fried oysters, and some BBQ wings. Oysters were pretty good this far out in the desert. The BBQ Ribs were slightly under cooked and a bit to mushy in my opinion. Not a big fan of taking a bite of poultry and getting a vein stuck in my teeth.
Casey Moore's is the place we "stumbled into" years ago  back when Mill Avenue was not yet discovered by every crappy franchise in the Western world. The service, the food and the atmosphere keeps us coming back every time we are anywhere close to Tempe. Our cab fares to make it Casey Moore's last night (trust me, a GOOD idea when doing the MIll Avenue crawl which is, along with Bourbon Street, one of those places you can accidently discover that you are drunk) was far more than our tab and we enjoyed a full meal....with oysters...and a large variety of drinks, laughs and fun.   Meredith and Jimmy, the bartenders (along with Dick?) know how to pour a drink, maintain a bill and keep things moving. The service has always been fast, the drinks are solid and fairly priced and you don't stay thirsty long. The food has been and continues to be a step above pub fare.   Some of the other reviewers note that the house is now a local hipster gathering place, but I only mention that ironically (take a minute to get the joke). Seriously, though, in this day and age...this is one's issue with a place?  Last night was probably my 25th visit to Case Moore's and for the 25th time we ended up meeting new friends, Adam and Vincent. This what I like best about this place, people on both sides of the bar are friendly, interesting and happy to be here.
Stopped by randomly because we were in the area and craving oysters.  They checked ID at the door because it's also a bar, and we stood there like idiots for a while before being told that we can sit wherever we like.  We opted to sit outside, further away from the drunken middle-aged people at the bar, and the patio was quite nice.  Looks like a great place to have a few drinks and hang out.  They have a pretty good deal on oysters--$12 for a dozen.  I didn't like these oysters as much as the ones I had gotten on the east coast, but they still satisfied our craving plus it's cheap.
We had the fried clam strips and calamari. The breading was a bit too thick and overcooked. Service was a bit slow but it was busy as it was Friday night. Most of the crowd seemed interested in the drinks but the food was good, and we got a great deal. All appetizers are $2 off during happy hour so the calamari was $8 and the fried clams were $5 . we tried the Oysters Rockefeller, and it was amazing. Great place for happy hour if you're not put off by an abundance of hipster college students that are smoking outside. I am not put off by this and I will definitely be back. I'll just avoid the fried foods.
Fun place to stop and have a beer. Unique atmosphere and good selection.
Great patio. Ice cold PBR - the bottle literally has a layer of ice on it. What more more could a girl want?! How about the best chicken fingers (no, they're not just for kids!) and great happy hour specials? Done! This is not a get in and get out type of place. You definitely want to come here with a group of great friends and stay for awhile. The crowd is great and the atmosphere is even better.   I started off giving this place 4 stars just because I save my 5 star reviews for the best of the best, but as I started thinking about it more and more, I've never had a bad experience here! Definitely worthy of 5 stars!
6 days and counting.  I called CMOH to inquiry about having a dinner/event there. The woman who answered the phone (rough offshore oil man voice) attempted to answer my questions but wasn't the event coordinator. She took down my information and said she would place it in the box of the event coordinator. Still waiting for a call back...its been 6 days.  The three star review is for at least someone answered the phone when I called.  Great atmosphere and food. I've been here many times with friends but disappointed with this experience.
I love eating the raw oysters here.  The best tasting fresh oysters in the area.  Today I came for lunch and had the blacked catfish.  It was so heavenly.  I can't remember tasting catfish that good ... ever.  I've eaten seafood all over from Seattle to Miami to Hawaii and this blackened catfish was that good.  I thought I was in a dreamland.  I have eaten other dishes here.  I thought they were good quality but nothing out of the ordinary.  During lunch, the place seems a bit empty compared to how crowded and packed it is on weekend nights.  Its really hard to find parking during those times unless you ride a motorcycle.  Weekend night crowd is mostly college crowd but lunch and happy hour crowd seems to be mixed with different kinds of people here.  Ambiance not that great during lunch because it seems too quiet and lonely but definitely a fun place on weekend nights if you are coming with friends for a good time.  I always had good service here.  Waitress may be a little bit slow when it is really packed.
I have been here a number of times.  The service is always just ok (as in, most of the wait staff just always seems meh), the food is better than ok and the ambiance is what sells this place completely.  It has a pretty sweet wrap around patio / deck that is dog friendly, and the interior is just so cozy and kitschy that you can't help but enjoy yourself.  There is always an atmosphere at an Irish pub that cannot really be explained - and this place is no exception.  Yes, I tried their oysters, and they're tasty.  I especially enjoy it because it's near Mill, but not pretentious or trying too hard like most of Mill Ave tends to do.
Cool place, giant patio, cheap drinks.  Super artsy crowd and gets packed after 11. Great place to people watch but you have to get there early for a seat.
This really showed me a new side to Arizona I wasn't expecting. Fun crowd, cool environment, and great food. The burger was so satisfying. The fish and chips were also fantastic. Service was ok. But I liked this place a lot!
Well, considering the fact that the busser picked up a napkin from the floor and put it back on my table, I'm a little concerned about their adherence to health codes....thanks for the good gin and tonic and service (from the server) but no thanks ... no matter how close to work this place is I'm not coming back
Love love love the vibe of this place! The Oysters are my fave and the Spinach salad with berries. Have been coming here for 10 years and it has not changed one bit!
This is a Tempe staple. My favorite bar out this way.   The drinks and strong and cheap, the staff is very attentive and quick, and the food is yummy!   I always get the chicken strips with buffalo sauce. The best I've ever had. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.   Love this place.
Surprisingly, the oysters are not very good. Decent place to grab a beer though.
Hold your breath and don't wear your good shoes, walk thru the ashtray patio and sit inside.  It is daaaaarrrrkkkk and kind a moldy, but the side room is actually kind a cozy and had suprising crisp white linens over the table top.  Just in for a very quick dinner pre horrible broadway show of Once (horrible because Gammage SUCKS for acoustics, not because of the lovely talented cast)...anyhoo..  Just had time for the New York steak sand.  Told the waitress we were in a hurry and she completely got us in and out.  Steak sand for $11 was tender and good.  Fries were hot and pub-like.  I would like to try the raw bar, but some dude claimed he got food poisoning this very same day (not sure if I believe his review as I read it around 2 pm and he claims to have had some oysters and has been throwing up every since...and I'm thinking.."You're upchucking, but have time to yelp about it??...hmmmm"  Anyway not sure if I would go back mostly because of the patio and the college hangout.  For raw bar..drive a little down the 17 to Pappadeaux's.  Muy Excellente!!
Always been a favorite bar for my boyfriend & I . The vibe here is what I really look for in a bar- easy, no problems. The patio that wraps around the whole old house is really neat & really cool pond.  Cold beer & oysters is what I come in for- every time great. Bartenders are really nice & chill . They are attentive & hold good polite convos.   Only think that bummers me out is I am not closer to the location !
If I could give zero stars I absolutely would.  First, we walked into a huge SMOKING patio trying to figure our where the non-smoking area was. It was horrifically smokey and there were no non-smoking patio. Then, we cannot figure out where the hostess is only to figure it out after asking the bartender who advised this unusually dressed guy who was sitting up against the wall drinking a pop.  He seats us.  The actual hostess walks up to us to tell us that she wasn't ready for us to sit as she wasn't done preparing the table. We advised her that the hostess seated us and she argued that she was the hostess.  Moving forward we get out waiter who ultimately took our order.  My boyfriend orders a chowder and we both get one. I tell the waiter I did not order a chowder. He argued that he was 'positive' that I did.  I don't eat chowder so I assured him I didn't.  Btw, chowder, according to my boyfriend was terrible.   I order oysters that were literally warm and had unusual black things in them and we thought they were bad so didn't finish.  I order the steak with brandy sauce. Sauce was literally cold and although the steak was good, it was barely warm.  Also, I didn't get butter for my potato and didn't see the waiter for at least ten minutes so I was done.  I asked them to remove the steak as I was done. My boyfriend got the oyster shooter and saiid it was literally the worst thing he had ever eaten in his life. We got the bill and it was an old freakin' fashion tab that you couldn't tell what you were paying for and what you were not paying for.  We paid and left.  Probably one of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had.
Not an oyster man myself, but a great hangout and great place to grab a drink. I loved their mozzarella sticks. But then again I'm a sucker for mozzarella sticks.
Pretty good food and nice atmosphere (especially when the frat packs go back home to Wisconsin or wherever  for the summer). Nothing incredible on the menu, but the burgers, sandwiches and fish and chips are pretty good, as are the oysters in season. Good beer also. Only complaint is during the day there always seem to be a lot of flies in the two inside dining areas. But otherwise, Caseys is as close as you will get to nice homey eastern style tavern out here in this land of chains restaurants with no ambiance.
Stopped in for dinner tonight after reading mostly positive reviews. My quick take? not bad but not great either. Service was pretty prompt, food didn't take long, so those things were nice. I had the wings and a shrimp & avocado salad and wasn't blown away really by either, at least they had a decent beer selection though.
I've had better oysters before.   I like the atmosphere of this place.   You should check it out if you're in the area and don't have anything else planned.   Will most likely come back on my next trip to Arizona.
Welcome Hipsters, one and all. What can I say that hasn't already been said? I enjoy this place, it is open, busy, and when in Tempe it is one of the better places to go. Great beers and the food is actually damn good, go earlier if you are not trying to bump into the other patrons.
I tried the berry salad - great fresh taste in a large portion.  Lots of blueberries,  raspberries,  and strawberries with goat cheese and almonds on spinach. We sat outside.  It was nice a cool under the canopy despite the 90 weather. Only downside was that the benches were sticky and didn't seem to have been cleaned recently.  Service was attentive but not overly so.
Food is all right, not my favorite, but it's a great bar!  Good selection of been, including some local brews.  The outdoor patio is popular year round, even in the summer (at night at least), and it's right next to mill.
Huge fan - love this place.  Great patio seating - good beer list and the food is good too.   Have been on several occasions for special events as well as small gatherings.  You have to get some oysters... try them with a stout.
Great place for lunch and happy hour.  Nice outdoor beer garden.  Bicycle friendly.  Good st Patrick's day parties too.
I can walk there from my house; that's all the equity I need.  - Great for intimate discussions or meeting new people. - Great for watching a game or having a beer with friends. - I tried my first mollusk there and survived...everyone else liked them. - Sometimes we rate people's attire (style, creativity points, etc.) for fun.  You can smoke outside. By 10pm on a weekend it's pretty packed to show up before 8pm to get an outdoor table. Oh, and ride your bike or walk there like the rest of us, don't be a drunk driver please.
Met my friend for lunch. She picked the place. I decided I should try some sort of fish since it's a seafood restaurant. I had the fish and chips. It was delicious. The batter was nice and crispy and the fish was flaky and juicy not dry. Nothing worse than dry fish. Cole slaw ok fries were good. My friend had the chicken tacos. She said they were good. We both had dessert. Black Forest cake and Strawberry cake. Both were tasty. The service was very good. Our server was pleasant and checked on us a sufficient number of times to make sure we were happy.   I would definitely go back.
I just cannot say too many good things about this place. It is busy all the time though so someone likes it. Looking back it has been here for at least 30 years. It is the College crowd that keeps it going for sure. The service is pretty bad, they do what they want to do and take their time about doing it as well. Oyster house,I would not trust eating seafood here my friend. It is more of a place to drink. Though yes, they do serve food. Nothing grat about Casey's . just an old place that people like to drink at.
Went on a week day for dinner. Service was so so and so was the food. Nothing to really brag about. Place is old and had a funky smell when you walk inside. I would say this is more a local watering hole then a restaurant.  There are better places to go then here for Oysters and other food.
The food is pretty good. The waitresses have always been inattentive though, even on slow nights. It seems like it always takes 10 minutes or more for them to get our drinks and our order.
Haven't been since they changed the size of their calamari to small ones. They have the big calamari again! The best!
Awesome patio. Good food. I always get the hippie sandwich or a salad which are both pretty good. Wine is usually mediocre.
i guess my new thing will just be writing reviews about all the shitty bouncers at bars in tempe.  back on st. patrick's day i was going into casey moores and as i was locking up my bike as i watched a bouncer beat up an innocent drunk guy, who was already out of the bar and on the sidewalk trying to leave. he was pushing the guy telling him to leave but pretty much wasn't letting him leave by grabbing his shirt and throwing him around. the drunk guy kept saying "i'm trying to leave, stop touching me!" the bouncer ended up throwing the guy against a car and punching him while he was on the road. then he dragged him onto the side walk and held his head by the hair and started hitting his head on the sidewalk. the bouncer was bleeding from the hand and when he noticed he started saying "you bit me, omg i you bit me! i love putting people in jail. you're going to jail" once the cops showed up they wanted my story since i was a witness. me and two other people gave the police our story. once the bouncers hand was washed off his cut was clearly not a bite. probably cut it while beating the guy up.  anyway, i went into the bar to get a drink and i was told to leave because i talked to the cops. i guess the managers really support a roided up bouncer beating up an innocent drunk guy. SO fast forward 3-ish months and i go back to casey moores with some friends. i was there last night and GREAT the same bouncer is surprisingly still working there. when the night ended i was outside the bar in the parking lot and the bouncer comes up to me and whispers "if you fcking tell anyone about what happened you're not allowed back here" and i respond with "what??" and he says it again "you heard me. if you tell anyone about what happened you're not allowed back here. you're on a list you know" and then went into the bar. i hear the bouncer get crazy in the bar and start yelling and gathering staff and is talking and pointing at me. so i just stand there and wave.  also great idea to make a scene like that in front of a parking lot full of people if you don't want me telling anyone.  sorry bouncer. i told the internet about how shitty you are. maybe have some respect for people and talk to people nicely.  i'm not sure what else to say but i wanted to tell my story about 2/5 of my experiences of ever going there. i'm fine with not being let back in, especially if they're going to keep staff like this around.  BESIDES these incidents i've had good experiences here and the other staff is awesome. nice nice people.  *the bouncer who did this was a Caucasian, short stalky guy kinda chubby, short brown hair, has a scruffy beard, usually has a backward baseball cap on.
I like the atmosphere and the service. They also show the world cup games. They have angry orchard on tap.  Try their snake bite. It's delicious!
Love, love, love Casey Moore's!  It's a great spot for St. Patty's or just to grab some delish oysters.  Good beers on tap and the staff is always great.  If you are in Tempe you need to check this place out.
The food was spectacular.  The atmosphere outstanding. The service was lousy.  My waiter was almost nonexistent. Had to wait 15 minutes to get the check on a Saturday afternoon.
I love this place! It never disappoints! Every time I come here, the food is great, the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is very kick back. Casey's gets a bit busy on the weekends, so if you don't want to stand, I would recommend arriving earlier in the night to grab an open table! When school is out, its a lot less busy! My favorite dishes here are the Chicken Pesto and the Escargot! The Chicken Pesto has a great seasoned pesto sauce, which compliments the grilled chicken breast very well, on top of linguine noodles, served with a side of garlic bread! Its amazzzzing! I have had the Escargot twice and I am not a huge snail fan, but the sauce Casey's serves the Escargot in, makes the dish!!! Squeeze some of the lemon on top of those snails and dig in! This dish also comes with 2 pieces of their yummy bread! Last of course I can finally say I had the Oysters!!! For my first time trying these, I was super nervous I would actually spit them out, lol, but to my surprise they were pretty tasty! Our server delivered a dozen to us, on a huge ice plate! We all dug in and everyone seemed to like them! Great place to kick back with your friends, have a drink and a yummy dinner!
I love Casey Moore's.  It's probably the best bar in Tempe and kinda hidden from Mill Ave.  It has more of a hipster vibe for sure.  The inside of the house at the bar is very cool.  The food is good but I mainly went there to drink with friends.
It's a really old establishment. I'm not the biggest fan of the design of this place. However, they have the most amazing oysters in the valley. They are really very delicious. Casey's is a great place if you want to ride your bikes and grab a quick serving of oysters. Yum!!
Casey Moore's is an awesome spot to stop in for lunch, or to swing by at night for a drink. The time of day you go definitely makes a difference in how busy the place will be though.  If you're here to eat you have to try the escargot! Great selection on drinks too but can be a little pricey. Still worth stopping in though.
Love this place! Cool atmosphere, great outside patio, and fabulous food!
I like it more for hanging out and having a pint.
Casey Moore's is a tempe establishment that should be coronated as a historic place officially by the city so that it can never be changed.  This wonderful establishment has provided so many people with good times, meetups, delicious food, great service, and great beer and drinks that it should be awarded something like a statue to commemorate it's foundational usefulness.
I've been here a couple times in groups and I've never been really impressed.  The way the interior is set up is odd; I don't like where the bands have to set up and feel far too close when they're playing.  Service can be slow.  There's just nothing fun or authentic about it.  It's like someone got their own 'Grow Your Own Pub!' kit, planted a few seeds, sang it some U2 and sprinkled it with Guinness and - lo and behold! - out grew a generic Irish pub!  Additional star for, despite all this, being a fun place to do the Great Guinness toast although I'm sure it could have been more fun in another venue.
I'm not going to get into a discussion about authenticity...in Las Vegas, that point is moot. Maybe some view going to an Irish pub anywhere outside of Ireland as a lame attempt to claim membership in the IRA, but I don't. What I want is a place that knows how to pull a pint of Guinness properly (it requires a proprietary delivery system that keeps the lines clean) and for God's sake, be able to cook a potato.   McMullans does both of these things admirably, and I have become a semi-regular. Put it another way, when I am going for a pint, I'm going to McMullans. The service issue, I have only encountered once...and I was in a "snug" which is an enclosed table, sort of in its own little room. I had to go out and tell the bartender to send a waitress in. No big deal.   McMullans has a lot of those snugs, and I would imagine some people feel overlooked...speaking for myself, that's why I go there. Sometimes I conduct business in those snugs(I work with musicians) and they are private, and, er...snug.   So, the Guinness is correct, they actually have more than just the 2 standard Irish whiskeys, which is nice for a change, and as to the spuds, they serve a big plate of fresh cut potato chips (in the American sense of the word) with Marie Rose sauce for dipping, which are proof enough.  They're perfect for snacking while drinking, but they also serve really great Fish and Chips(in the Irish sense of the word), stew, corned beef and cabbage, the usual suspects. Great latenight breakfasts, too...a Las Vegas staple. The Irish breakfast has made me reconsider beans as a breakfast food, and I think I am better for it.    The only thing I have had there that I was not 100% happy with was the corned beef and cabbage, and that's just probably because it was different than Grandma's, which is a problem I have at Italian restaurants too.  It was still delicious, but...different.   I've gone there late for a pint or two, to meet prospective clients, and I've gone for dinner...I particularly like Tuesday night, which is Pub Quiz night. That is one of those things that gets everyone in the pub feeling like they are all hanging out together, and is really all  the authenticity I need in an Irish pub.   Now, if there was more singing, that would be about as close as you could come without getting on a plane.
McMullans is awesome. I really like everything about this place. The staff is very friendly. The food is great. The Beer selection is good, with alot of imports as well as my favorite Miller Lite...:) They make fun of me for ordering Miller Lite in an Irish pub, but I get a Guinness from time to time...to mix it up.  Tuesday night pub trivia is alot of fun. This is my favorite Irish pub in town, plus I can avoid the whole strip to get to it. Too many pubs are in the hotels....McMullans is a much better option.
The chips are awesome - order the chips! ORDER THE CHIPS!
You are not going to get a traditional Irish pub in Vegas, it's just not going to happen. That would be like saying that the Venetian makes you feel just like you are floating down a canal in Italy or that the New York New York is The Big Apple of your eye. Hell, if this were true we could all just flock to Vegas and come home saying we traveled the world...and save a lot on airfare in the process. No, this is not a possibility.   What you get in Vegas are suggestions and small glimpses of places that actually exist, done up in bright lights with a dash of tacky and a facade of what the real thing might slightly resemble.   The farther away from the strip that you get, the less inherent these qualities are, so, since it is a bit out of the way, McMullan's is not a bad rendition of an Irish Pub. They pour a good Guinness, are one of the few places that carries Magners in Vegas, and many of their menu items are traditional pub fare. They, however, seem to be, like many establishments in Vegas, trying too hard and overdoing it a bit.   Nice switch from the glitter and glam of the strip, priced more local friendly, and a variety of bands most every night of the week. Not a bad place, but if you want a true Irish pub Ireland would be a good place to look.
I was whisked here right from the airport upon my arrival.  I was tired, hungry, and grouchy and prepared to hate any place that didn't involve sleeping.  I ended up sharing some fantastic potato chip nachos with my friends, and meeting some new friends, too.  Decent beer selection, and I suppose in Vegas it's normal to have so many video poker machines in the bar that you can't set down a drink.
I've only eaten here once.  It was an interesting spot for the restaurant, hidden away among a facade that did not strike me as an Irish pub/restaurant.  However, once you step inside it is obvious what this place is.  It is very charming and almost makes me want to purchase a pint right there.  I do my best to stop the urge.  The seating is odd; we are taken off to another room that I must admit is much nicer to sit in than the bar area.  As the band was showing up right as we were leaving, I could see it getting quite loud in the bar area but could be not nearly as bad in the back room.  I wasn't that hungry to begin with but one look down the menu had me ordering Beef Stew w/ Guiness.  I was thinking soup more than stew for some reason so when a huge bowl was served to me, I was taken aback.  Had I been hungrier, I would've eaten much more, but instead my companion was asking me if I was gonna eat that.  That was a first!  I didn't partake in the alcohol consumption here (saved my money for Casino Royale) but the choices seemed plentiful and the bar would be fun when a band is there.  The cost is reasonable and you get what you pay for.    I'll be coming back, hopefully sooner than later.
As an Irish person living in Vegas, it saddened me to see no "Irish" pubs in Vegas when i moved here and then in the space of 3 years we had 5 and now there are 10 so called Irish pubs.  All i can say is that in my opinion there are only 3 Irish pubs worth visiting in Vegas where you :  a) don't get ripped off b) get good service c) get good food d) get a good pint of plain.  Mc Mullans is one of these establishments.  The staff are very friendly and the food is great.. (Irish nachos.. mmmmm). The Pint is great and  so is the price.  Live music during the week is great as well.  Soccer and Rugby is shown here as well in the area in the back which is great when you get a crowd.  (it has its own bar so no need to go far to get a pint during that nail biting game)  The biggest thing though that makes an Irish Pub is not the decor nor the selection of drink nor food. It is simply the staff and owners.  In this day and age where more LLCs and Corps own bars its a refreshing change to see Lynn and Brian (the owners) serving food or walking around greeting customers.  I have NOT come across that anywhere else in Vegas.   So if your after a great Irish pub, Give theses guys a shout.  Oh !!!! don't get confused with the Irish bar in the Orleans hotel and casino, (which is crap) Mc Mullans is beside the Orleans Hotel.
How many times have I've been a drunken here? More. then i've got fingers.  The atmosphere is small, and social. Drink. and be merry. Also for all those newbies who move here.. This is a good place to see what locals do. Especially after work. :) oh and check out what they do on the nightly basis. I don't participate but it's all gravy.  And did i mention i've been drunk! But no experience bad. :)
If you are looking for a place to meet up with friends, then run, don't walk, to McMullan's Irish Pub. Maybe I was high from winning $50 on bingo earlier that night (HUGE winnings from someone who usually gambles about $1 per Vegas trip, on penny slots no less), but I was really taken with this little gem of a place. It's such a well-hidden secret that I'm guessing the only the locals go here, but once you step inside, you will be transported to the Emerald Isle. The pub is run by an Irish gent, and hey, my waitress was Irish too, so there are some authenticity points.   I played a show on this particular evening and the crowd was enthusiastic, polite, and focused on the music. (I guess my expectations were that of playing to a bunch of rowdy footballers (so maybe the pub is not THAT authentic). I sold some cds, met some new fans, and sat back to watch the headlining band Darby O'Gill and the Little People. Things got particularly raunchy when they covered "Baby It's Cold Outside". I mean, hey, they also play a song called "Got So Drunk I Crapped Myself" and have an album called "Christmas Songs for drunken Athiests" , so you kind of know what you're in for. Darby O'Gill is the house band...make sure you get there on a Wednesday night to check them out.  What to order: Guiness, a Veggie Burger, and Mashed Potatoes (w/ a sprig of Rosemary).
this is the first time I've been in an Irish pub or have had Irish food...and i absolutely love it..we weren't planning on having dinner here..we just saw that there was not wait for a table...so we stepped in....i'm not a huge beer drinker but my sisters are..and they loved it...our waiter even had a thick irish accent..so freaking adorable...but the food was absolutely fabulous...i had the braised beef and my sisters had the pork tenderloin....we basically licked the plate...this will definitely be one of the "have to go to" places in vegas
This is my four day review of McMullan's Irish Pub. Just to qualify, I flew from Orlando Florida to Las Vegas just to spend four days in this specific Irish Pub. I may be a bit biased.  The pub has three distinct sections. At one end is a bar with video poker machines. These are the multi-denominational multi game machines so you have choices. The bar also has a lot of promotions such as a free spin for prizes for every four of a kind you hit. Smoking is permitted in this room - picture old vegas and you get the picture. The middle section is more like a traditional Irish Pub - no gaming and lots of private seating for meals. Of course the Guinness is a proper poor - no sense reviewing an Irish pub that can't do that. The back is another bar that is mostly for private events and the like. It's got a full bar and plenty of room for a decent get together.  The Shepherd's Pie is wonderful as is the Farmhouse Irish Breakfast. (Before you ask - white and black pudding is sausage) The service is great and personable 24 hours a day.  We got in at 1:30am Christmas Morning and headed to McMullan's right after checking into the hotel. A night cap of a couple of Guinness while we watched the marathon of A Christmas Story on TV. After catching a few winks we were back again for Christmas breakfast of a few more Guinness and Corned Beef Hash and Eggs - wonderful.  We repeated this similar pattern until the 27th when we came back for a private party. The service for our party was fantastic! My wife made all of the arrangements and said that Brian McMullan was wonderful to work with.  All in All I'm pretty stingy with my five star reviews. This place is definately worth every star.
In my humble and somewhat besotted opinion the McMullan family run the single best Irish pub in Las Vegas.  Unlike the vast majority of bars in town, this is not a corporate operation run by MBAs from afar.  Instead, the eponymous McMullans are there every day.  Furthermore, they are extremely involved in the community.  Their "St. Baldrick's" charity drive raises donations in six figures for children with cancer every year.  McMullan's Pub features all the beverages that you would expect in an Irish joint with the food being a definite step above usual bar fare. (I'm partial to the fish & chips, myself.)  However, the social experience, good music and the "craic" is what you go for here and you get a full heaping serving of it on every visit.
Chill atmosphere, good Irish nachos.   Looks like they deliver some other good eats here, but I didn't stay long enough to find out.  Close to the Orleans, like reallllly close.  Has this off-the-strip authenticity that is a welcome escape from the usual glitz and shine of the other bars in Las Vegas.  And this is what you would call a short review. :)
Come here, but not on St. Patrick's day. $20 to get in- even if you aren't going to the concert in the back? That's insane!! But I enjoyed the corned beef and cabbage and the fries I stole off of my sister's plate. I love the irish decor- especially the flags. And one of the waiter's recommended something called a Black Lion or something. It's a beer, but I really did forget the name.
I really like McMullan's Irish Pub.  The owner is actually Irish and it is not some chain bar, which I appreciate.  They are very open to working with charity groups to benefit their causes and the decor is excellent and authentic.  My boyfriend wanted me to give McMullan's 5 stars because he absolutely adores the food, but I had some so-so curry their once and it can be a bit pricey, but this is Vegas and I suppose that everywhere is like that... you always meet great people at this bar and it is a festive place to hang out with old friends and new.  On Sundays they have live Irish music and it's cool :)
We recently had our wedding reception in the private room at McMullan's.  It was outstanding.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The food was delicious.  Best of all, the prices were soooo reasonable.  Our budget was tiny but we were able to have a full dinner including an open bar for our guests!  Brian, the owner, stopped in to make sure that our party was going well and that everything was to our liking.  I picked McMullan's off Yelp and I'm sooo glad we did.  They went out of their way to make sure that everything was perfect, including creating a makeshift cake stand for my wedding cake.  We had the irish sausage rolls which were phenomenal, as well as stuffed mushrooms, chicken pot pie and the fish and chips.  HIGHLY recommend the fish and chips.  My only complaint was that the main entrees weren't served at the same time so people gobbled up the fish and chips in 2 seconds and some people had to wait 10 minutes before the next entree came out.  That could have been timed a little better so that everyone could have gotten some of everything instead of it being staggered so much.  All in all though, I highly highly highly recommend McMullan's.
This place is freakin' fantastic! Definitely one of my favorite places to go when in Vegas. It has atmosphere, good food, and great brews of all kinds. PLUS if you're a Bushmills fan they have the 21 yr. on hand.
Top of the Mornin'  Popped in over the weekend while looking for a place to eat, our group wanted to eat at Capo's but we didn't know you have to make reservations in advanced, cause it sells out. Our group sneaked in this quite retreat and enjoyed our time away from the hustle and buss ell of Vegas.   The atmosphere is very chill, and relaxing. We talked with some other tourist and had a friendly conversation.  We ordered a fish and chip happy hour snack for $2.99 and was happy with the food quality. Our bartender lady was nice and recommended a great place for Italian food.
I was invited to eat here by a cute boy that I had met that same night. The irish nachos were tasty, the ambience was chill, as it was super late in the evening, the company amazing. Five starts, no question.
Shepards pie was amazing.  Fish & Chips are pure money and definately start with the warm curry and chips.  Our waitress was Irish which really added to the ambiance.  The only caution I give you is that the Guinness is as close to fresh as I have tasted this side of the Atlantic, and they go down very easy.  A few nights they have live authentic Irish folk music.  We went twice in the 4 days we were in Vegas.
Try the Irish Stew - ridiculously good and hella hearty.
Great place to grab lunch. I love the Irish Reuben and homemade potato chips. Prices are reasonable and service is friendly.
Great pub with good food too.  Tuesday night is pub quiz night.  Several people from the office stop by almost weekly.  Fish and chips are delicious as is the shepherd's pie, steak and mushroom pie, and curry pie.  Service is good and attentive, though can be sluggish when they're busy.  As one of the other reviewers said it doesn't really have a quaint neighborhood pub feel to it but it's still a great place to hang out and have a pint with friends.
God love the Irish. I sure do. Once you are punched in the face by an O'malley or O'grady or a Shamus you are a part of the Gaelic clan. The good thing about that is that all you need to do is spend about 15 minutes in the right Irish pub and it will happen.  The Irish hold their booze as well as a no armed man carrying an anvil. God bless them they try, but a thimble of alcohol and it is a whole different person.  McMullans is not that kind of pub, mores the pity, it is an upscale Irish pub for the after work crowd frequents.  It is for those uppity Irish, and friends of the Gaelic clan, who will drink good beer, eat good food, watch sports on tv and curse the Queen.  A couple of those monarchists came in once...in most Irish pubs they would have downed them in a barrel of old Guiness...here...it was more the sissy slap version...they got some foam in their beer. That will teach them!!  McMullan's pub was once the best Irish pub in Las Vegas and one of my all time favorites. A place where a man can get a good pint, good food, friendly service and watch your favorite Wessex League Premier Division team play. Oh those were the days. I cried so hard when Andover New Street lost to Ringwood Town. Thankfully I had a sympathetic bartender to comfort me. She was great.  Sadly in the last few months some of the best bartenders have left, one pretty lass in particular, and the new staff isn't as nice. The old staff would buy a loyal patron a beer, comp a beer or a shot, discount the bill, or something. That 4 buck beer bought a lot more beers in return. The new staff doesn't care how often you show up, they aren't as nice and now it is run more like a TGI Fridays then a neighborhood pub.  The food is great. They have the best fish and chips in Las Vegas. They have amazing happy hour specials...and the best is the Irish Nachos. They are AMAZING! The half plate is bigger than an Irishman's head...and we all know how big that is...remember Teddy Kennedy...er..ah...I can't get this football helmet off my...er ah...enormous red head....now THAT is a Ted Kennedy impression.   I want to give this a 5 star review...and a year ago I would have RAVED about the place. Sadly it isn't the same. It is good, but it isn't the same. I have been there over a hundred times. I have been there at ALL times of the day and night. Few people know the place better than me...and to the first timer or the casual client the place will seem great. To us old timers...we can see the writing on the wall. They might change, I hope so...if not...I am going to start spending my time at the another Irish pub in Las Vegas.
This place is great!  Good for early morning drinking because their screwdrivers are the best.  They squeeze fresh orange juice right at the bar...yum!  Very friendly staff as well, check this place out!
After a rough night out I went here to chill.  I tend to prefer bars and pubs over clubs and have a much better success rate or just a good time when I'm not on the prowl.  Besides it's open 24 hrs and is off the main drag if you like being away from the crowds.  I highly recommend it!
As with all good Las Vegas bars you should never be judged by your 8pm to 2pm hours...no...you need to know where the real drunks go. The hopeless helpless bastards that stare longingly into drink and remember the better days, the happier times, the girl in Bangcock who did something to their anus they never thought they would like...and now they can't find anyone to do again. So, a few weeks ago while back out west on...um...well...let's call it business...I was in the bar at 4:30am and stated until about noon. The perfect time to be in a great bar. With Mcmullan's it was more of the same...some great...some not so great. Great...the overnight bartenders are way better than the prissy little punks who work during the day...one in particular who worries more about his hair than anything else. Great...the food is excellent for a pub at any time of day or night, and quite frankly...it was better at 5am. Of course I was coming down off of paint fumes, gas fumes, turpentine and a pill someone told me would turn me into a donkey, but all i kept seeing was Buddy Epson everywhere. Strange. Great...amazing soccer matches were on and the fans seemed really fanatical to be there at 5am watching their teams. The bad...the music is horrible beyond horrible. It is a tape, I guess, and it is all bad from start to finish. The Irish are known for bad music...Bono, Riverdancers, Charlotte Church, etc... but this is America...we love good bar music! The bad...they kept fiddling with the lights. We wanted it dark, the bartender wanted it brighter...she won. Well, when she pays for the drinks and the food she can have it anyway she wants. Until then...we pay, she does. Period. The place is still uneven and far from its former glory...but they make money and people are always there...so I guess they figure adequate and decent are good enough...mores the pity.
I don't like Irish Pubs because they're generally smokey, gloomy and serve bad wine. Plus, the bartenders give me grief when I ask for wine; I order a coffee with Baileys, Kahlua and Frangelico but it's never that great. I end up staring at my mug wondering why I let myself be convinced into visiting another Irish Pub.  But, I like McMullan's better than most Irish bars.  McMullan' isn't smokey. The place is a little dark, but the band on Friday night is really upbeat and fun. They play Violent Femmes and Van Morrison. I recommend going on Friday nights if only for the music.  My first visit to McMullan's was on a pub quiz night when I drove my team's score straight into the ground. Like George Bush, I went with my gut and encouraged my teammates to follow my instincts. We lost. Bad. Pub quiz night is really fun though.   I've always had a great time at McMullan's and will return next time someone pressures me into it.
We really like McMullan's! It's nice that they have a separate smoking area with it's own bar away from the dining establishment. They often have good live bands playing and we've had dinner there once which if memory serves me correctly was pretty good. I think Thursdays are all you can eat fish & chips? A fun, often busy, pleasant little Irish pub that we've had many a good time at!
Last week, at a Private Event, I had my first experience at an Irish Pub since a family trip to the UK almost a decade ago...  McMullan's is located directly West of the Orleans Casino, just across the street, in fact. And it's only a short walk from the Strip, if you're so inclined... probably less than a 10 minute walk.  Once you enter McMullan's Irish Pub... this is as authentic as you can get without the expense of flying over the Atlantic... the Ale-induced atmosphere with every breath you take... the musky aroma from the dark wood paneling in each room... Banners & Jerseys hanging from the rafters of all the beloved Soccer teams in the Isles. After conversing with some of the wait-staff, McMullan's brought over the whole interior of an Irish Pub plank by plank, piece by piece. Never saw or been in as large a Pub in the UK... probably an American thing... or a Las Vegas thing...  The Private Event 's menu consisted of the following...  First Course - Fine Old-Fashioned Greens with Tomatoes, Onions, Carrots, Cucumber & Herb Croutons. Dressing: Ranch or Balsamic Vinaigrette.  (** 1/2) The Irish (nor the English) never did Salads well despite the abundance of Ranch Dressing, which I ordered with the Salad.   Second Course  (one of the following...) -  ) Coast Road Inn Fish & Chips - Named for the Old Family Pub back in Ireland! Three Beer-Battered North Atlantic Cod Fillets with Frieds, Coleslaw & Tartar Sauce.  ) A Lighter Bite - Succulent, Blackened Chicken served with a medley of fresh, sauteed Vegetables.   Comment - Don't do Chicken at a Pub. Never. Ever! And it's Blackened, at that! You will NOT find this entree in the Isles... I guarantee it! Half the table of eight ordered this Entree. No one finished this Entree... No One! It seemed only one of the three Fillets were even consumed.  ) Steak & Mushroom Irish Pie - Tuck in to an Irish Tradition! A wonderful, flaky Crusted Pie, served with Mashed Potatoes and Peas. (*****) Two of my kids ate at my table... Like Dad, they also ordered the Steak & Mushroom Pie... avoiding the Blackened Chicken. (I taught them well!) Very authentic. And I mean authentic! About 5" round Pie with a LOT of Meat and thickly sliced Mushrooms and Gravy. The crust is better than I remembered... American influence? With a mound of Mashed Potatoes and Peas on the side. Bland in flavor, just as you'd find in the UK. I commented to the rest of the table that the Gravy to be poured over the Mashed Potatoes was Whiskey-laced. Guess what? All the Blackened-Chicken Diners asked for some Gravy... which was poured over their Chicken. This was as humorous as heck! This didn't help their appetites, unfortunately... most of the Blackened Chicken remained on their plates.  Just remember, Irish and English food is Hearty and Robust... and are known to be not very flavorful. The Steak & Mushroom Pie is very authentic... for sure.  Third Course - Sticky Toffee Pudding - The traditional Irish Dessert. Get Stuck In!   (****) This was not a Pudding, per se... It was a Toffee Pudding Cake. Very Sweet, Very Sticky... not enough of it! The Dessert was a Spongy, dark Cake soaked (probably for hours) in a thick Toffee Sauce. I WANT MORE! Came with a Cup of Coffee (***) which was uneventful...  Hard Cider (*****) Two tall glasses of Cider, just as I remember from the Euro trip! More alcoholic, less sweet than Cider found here in the United States.  Just remember when dining Irish or English... Don't order Chicken anything!  Slinte!
I moved to Vegas a little over two years ago and one of my best friends here introduced me to this place.  She has been hanging out here since it opened.  I am usually there 2 nights a week.  It's a great local bar, with wonderful service and off the strip prices.  The place is divided into two areas a gaming/smoking side and the restaurant side.  On the restaurant side there are no gaming machines, so you can sit at the bar even if you're not a video poker devotee, there's no smoking and live music on Wednesday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.    The food is quite good with pub favorites, inventive seasonal specials and interesting daily specials.  They have a nice beer selection and can turn out wonderful cocktails as well.  The good food, affordable prices, wonderful staff and friendly atmosphere make this a great place to hang out.
McMullen's isn't as authentic as a real Irish pub, but it is close. Also the food is pretty good, on that note I might add that the Irish Nachos are humorous and tasty. Furthermore for Vegas its prices are fairly decent.  The interior of the bar/restaurant is fairly nice, though they did put it on a little thick with quotes from Irish writers. That being said McMullen's isn't half bad and could be considered a diamond in the rough when it comes to Vegas.
Across the street from the Orleans, McMullan's is an Irish pub that pivots around a corner so that there's a dedicated space for smokers and video poker players, as well as a non-smoking bar and dining room.  Service was friendly (the kid didn't stop smiling the whole time we were there), just attentive enough and the atmosphere is a welcome respite from the brutal desert sun - dark, welcoming, cozy.  I ordered Ann's Blackened Chicken Salad, which was boldly flavorful, topped with crispy onion straws and vegetables like red peppers and corn in addition to more traditional salad accoutrements. The Creole mustard dressing was superb.  Definitely want to go back here again, the menu seems a lot more tempting than your usual video poker pub.
McMIllan's is one of the best Irish Pubs I have ever been in (well atleast until I finally make it to Ireland then all bets are off).   The food at McMullans is really really good, I usually opt for the Irish Nachos (homemade potato chips, covered with cheese, bacon, and sour cream) but this time I opted for a full meal.   Every day from 4-7 they have happy hour which includes $1 off draughts and well drinks as well as a small assortment of apps for $2.99, but I wanted to give the winter menu a try. (I know old review from my blog, I'm moving a bunch of them over here}  There were 3 things I was debating between, The Shepard's Pie, Irish Stew, and Meatloaf, I then noticed they had an Irish sampler that included both the pie and the stew plus corned beef and cabbage so I decided to give it a try.  I was wondering how all 3 would be served, as I didn't want them to mix together or anything, and then they brought it out. It came out on a big plate with each entree in a ramaken and looked amazing. I first had the Corn Beef and Cabbage, I am not a huge fan of this usually, but the beef, carrots, and broth were amazing, I'm not a big fan of cooked cabbage, I had a few pieces it was good, but I didn't finish it all. Next up was the Irish Stew, it had huge chunks of potato, carrot, celery, and beef, if a great brown gravy (hands down my favorite of the night), then it was time for the Shepard's pie, I have had better and worse, it wasn't anything to write home about, but then again I could have been spoiled by the stew (it was that good!!!).   The meal was also served with some homebaked brown bread, It was a really heavy rye bread but soaked up the gravy and broth perfectly and was a nice addition to the meal. I washed it all down with a Black Velvet (a draught of half Guinness and half cider). All in all a great meal.
How good is McMullen's Irish Pub?    Well, I could tell you about the excellent selection of whiskey (one of the best in Vegas).  We could discuss the delicious menu with classic pub fare and inventive food twists.  You could be told about the great Tuesday trivia night that is always a fun time.  They could boast about the crowd of Irishmen who come to watch soccer matches, rugby games and Celtic sports on early Sunday mornings.  He (the singer of one of the Irish music bands that play there) could tell you about the raucous music nights and great sounds of an Irish fiddle that drift about the bar on many nights.  Or I could simply say this: McMullen's is virtually hidden from the public view.  Directions to the business usually involve referring to landmarks rather than addresses: "You go over to the Orleans and turn north, then go behind a gas station and it's right there".  It is mostly obscured from the street, but that doesn't matter.    The pub is so well put together--from the wood on the bar to the stones in the walls to the perfect pour of Guinness--that it remains a popular Vegas bar for folks to get a drink.  So go find Vegas' best Irish pub hidden behind that gas station.  You'll thank yourself for making the journey.
I had always liked mcmullans as a place to have a beer but never had food there.  I went with some friends and we stuck out like a sore thumb.  Our friends who arrived late had no problem finding us because the host directed all Asian people to our table lol.  Our white friend on the other hand wasn't so lucky.  The waitress had the authentic Irish accent which was pretty cool   We ordered Irish pie with steak and mushroom, Irish pie with chicken curry, Irish sausage roll, bangers & mash, and of course fish and chips.  They all tasted very good to me.  The crust of the pie and sausage roll was amazing.  The curry chicken was surprisingly good.      We didn't realize their Trivia night had started and we were shhhhed by this big redhead guy which I found kinda annoying.
Alright, my earlier review was filtered for some reason (kinda offended there, but meh).  So lets try again a few years later eh?  I love this place.  I used to love it more, but for a while there they lost my business.  I went to McMullans to get away from the Sports-Bar & Grill vibe of most places in town, and then one day they got rid of all their Irish/Celtic musicians and replaced them with some, in my opinion, typically low end Vegas garage band types and tacked a bunch of Wranglers (local Hockey team) memorabilia.  And it stayed that way for a good long while.  Now, mind you, it's not that I hate sports, I actually enjoy watching Gaelic league football and the like, it's more the fact that they went out of their way to cater to the Hockey crowd while pushing away it's old loyal customer base.  I stopped going for about a year.  This all being said, they seem to be making a return to the "little slice of Ireland tucked away in Las Vegas" vibe they had years ago when I first started going there, and that makes me happy.  So, lets hope they can keep that up. Oh!  Yeah, the food and drinks.  Just as good as ever.  Probably some of the best food I've eaten in Las Vegas, and I've lived here for 15 years.  Get the Irish Nachos . . . seriously . . . like, if you're one person, a mini is fine . . . don't even try to tackle their monster of a full order by yourself.
I was there around 1:30AM, just in time to listen to their live music. The live music ended at 2am. I agreed with most other yelpers with the interior design of the place. It has a really nice feeling to it.  They have a good selection of beer. They also have 4 samplers of beers, each sampler comes with 5 different type of Irish Beer and it only costs $5. I have to try that next time.   I ordered the french fries ($4) and fried chicken appetizers ($8), both are nicely prepared, not too greasy, good amount of food. When the tab arrive, I realized that we got 50% off for the appetizers, they told us that everyday from 11pm to 2am is happy hour, 50% off for all the appetizers. I love it when I saved money when I'm not expecting it. Overall I really like this place. I will be back for sure. Especially to try out their beer samplers.
The Skinny: excellent pub specialities done right - perfection of the Irish pie! (4) service - a little sluggish but it's a pub (3), value: $11 for the steak and mushroom pie with the fixin's and $15 for a healthy portion of fish and chips (4).  A big shout out to the Yelpers - they were on the money with this place.  There are alot of things to love about this pub - first is the ambience. From the dark wooden panels on the wall to the true Irish transplants serving you, it give this establishment a feel of authenticity. The video poker area is well cordoned off from the pub and hence relatively smoke free.  We ordered a plate of their fish and chips and an Irish steak and mushroom pie (which takes 20 minutes but is worth the wait, my friends). While we were waiting, a neighbouring table were served their orders of fish. The reassuring crunch as they dug in signalled that McMullans ain't messing around when it comes to their food.  When our fish and chips arrived, we were surprised at the substantial portion (perhaps we would order the appy sized portion next time). Three large fillets perched on top of a mountain of fries with some coleslaw and tartar sauce. Perfect. The plate was also free of grease which was another good sign.  The fish was in a beer-battered style and had a perfect ratio of batter to fillet. The batter was light, crispy and held up well despite all the dunking into various sauces. Best of all - it wasn't oily. The chips were mid-sized cut and crispy. Overall, they held their texture pretty well with the passage of time. The coleslaw was pretty standard fare. The tartar sauce, though, needed a little tartness and sweetness but was okay.  The steak and mushroom pie was a wonder. The flaky dome arrived at the table accompanied by a mound of mashed potatoes and buttered peas. The filling was a satisfying combination of beef and mushrooms, stewed with some kind of flavourful ?beer.   The most amazing thing was the pastry. At first we thought the pie was in a ramikin but it was completely freestanding - that really speaks to the robustness of the crust. The pastry was flaky and crisp all the way around (including the bottom which normally tends to get soggy). McMullens has truly perfected the art of the Irish pie. The mashed potatoes were solid - had a nice flavour and a great gravy but could have used a little more texture. The buttered peas were good.  Overall, with these pub favourites done so well plus some rather interesting Irish beer and whiskey flights at affordable prices, this is the place to go for some Irish comfort.
Bomb fish and chips, pretty solid combo slider plate and kick ass sticky toffee pudding  Cool atmosphere and pretty reasonable prices....we'll definitely be back...ALOHA!!!
As someone who is constantly on the lookout for a great pot pie or fish and chips, McMullan's is our current top pick for an Irish pub in Vegas.  Their rendition of fish and chips ($14.50) ranks up there with the best. Three large beer-battered fillets, served piping hot, laid on top of a mound of fries makes for a generous portion. The batter was light, crispy, and avoided the excessive oiliness found with most beer-based batters. The tartar sauce, however, could use some more tangy tartness to balance out the mayo. Their chips were midsized steak fries and nicely crisped on the outside. The coleslaw was good but not particularly noteworthy. Those with strong appetites for fried fish should consider the AYCE fish and chips on Thursdays from 5pm to 11pm.   Their Irish pies ($12) are filled with either chicken curry or steak and mushroom and take about 25 minutes to prepare. You can't go wrong with either one. The pie pastry itself impressed us because it completely enveloped the filling all around without the support of a ramekin and remained perfectly crisp and flaky despite the hearty stew of steak and mushrooms or satisfying chicken curry awaiting inside. Tasty accompaniments included buttered peas and a somewhat plain mashed potatoes with a small pot of delicious brown (sherry?) gravy.  The genuine ambience of an Irish pub is successfully recreated in the midst of dark wooden paneling and servers speaking with true Irish accents. Unfortunately taking the authenticity a bit too far, the service can be on the slow side. Prices, while not inexpensive, are reasonable for the quality and generous serving sizes. If you plan on becoming a regular, you should ask to sign up for the McCraic card, their free customer loyalty rewards program. With food this good, why wouldn't you? Most convenient of all, it is open 24/7.
Great atmosphere. Dimmed lights and authentic music. Decor is a good mix between an 1800s pub and a fancy, modern restaurant.  There are two bars and thankfully one of them does *not* have any embedded video gambling machines (which are far too prevalent, IMO).   The portions at McMullan's are huge. This time, Erin Ashley & I ordered a half-size Irish Nachos w/ Beef appetizer and a Texas BBQ Burger with fries to share. The nachos are piled high with homemade potato chips, melted cheese, tomatoes, green onions, sour cream and seasoned ground beef (I typically go for chicken, but this ground beef is pretty impressive). The burger was a stack of breaded onion rings, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, crunchy bacon, a patty cooked-to-order and smothered in BBQ sauce between a toasted sesame seed bun. I'm surprised at just how well the pickles went with everything. Oh, and the fries were top notch.   The only thing I'd change is the ketchup (not thick enough for my tastes).   We ended up taking over 2/3 of the nachos home with us and plan to snack on them for the rest of the day.   I'm looking forward to coming back and trying out their Whiskey Samplers and Beer Samplers with some friends.  If you liked this review, be sure to follow me as I eat my way through Las Vegas.
I had a great shepherd's pie and a whisky tasting. I went with a group of people and everyone had a lot of fun. I definitely recommend this place if you start getting tired of the tourist traps on the strip.
I go weekly for trivia.  The food's pretty good, but definitely a downgrade from the fantastic Fado that now only exists in spirit at Shakespeare's. The Irish nachos are a must. Fattening and decadent, no diets allowed here!  The staff is friendly. Great place, good food. They get pretty overwhelmed on Tuesdays because of trivia, so have patience.
I don't usually give good reviews so if I say it is GREAT it is GREAT.  From the minute you walk in you are transported back in time and space.  A true EAST COAST Irish Pub feel ala McSorleys in Washington Square, NYC.  The entertainment, a guy in a kilt with western boots keeps you smiling, drinking and singing.  Now, that being said the food is AWESOME!!!   The service ala Ryan was top notch. The beer selection well what can I say GREAT.    We had the nachos, half size, couldn't stop eating them, enough for 4 but there were only two of us and we killed it.  Not proud of that but YUM!  The trio gave us a taste of three dishes, stew, Sheppard's pie and what else, corned beef and cabbage.  Again what can I say FANTASTIC, all three.  No preservatives, fresh home cooking no aftertaste of any kind.  Stuffed to the gills, Ryan said you have to at least hear about desert.  Needless to stay we chose two to go and after I finish this review and in about two hours we will dive into both and I am sure after looking at them that they will not disappoint.  Guys this is a must go to!!.
I friggin love this place!  The Fish and Chips, and the Corned Beef Sandwich are awesome. The Whiskey selection is even better (I almost had a heart attack from pure pleasure when I saw all the bottles)! And of course the most important thing is that the Barkeep is an actual Irishman. Anyway, My point is that it's strangely authentic for a Vegas bar, but that's why it's awesome. They also have some pretty cool live music from time to time.
At last, Proper Paddies! As a Paddy too I absolutely fell for this place. Just like being at home and the food would definitely give the chancers at home a run for their money. We came here twice...and are going again in the morning to watch Ireland V South Africa in the Rugby and to try out the Full Irish Breakfast.  The Sausage Rolls were probably the best I've ever eaten, The Shepard's Pie would make me Mam jealous as hell and the Bangers and Mash delectable. I can't say enough good things about this place. They even have Bulmers/Magners on tap....thats what truly won me over.  Dining here is truly giving the finger to all those over-priced, rude and crappy establishments on The Strip. The staff are lovely and friendly and everyone seems to be having a great time and laughing.....not so often do you hear that over here, sadly. If only they had this place in NorCal.....I wonder if i asked nicely  would they consider moving???
Went back for Happy Hour to try other items...This time we got the 12-wing platter(Lemon Pepper, Frank's Red Hot, and BBQ), Bits O Fish, a mini version of their Fish and Chips, Their Steamed Mussels which came in a flavorful tomato broth, and Their Irish Nachos...They were all pretty good,but the mussels were a little overdone. as always we finished off with their Sticky Toffee Pudding, always a great end to an Irish meal....ALOHA!!!
4 STARS............... only because we just did the HAPPY HOUR. chicken wings just like everywhere else, sausage GREAT, mussels with the sauce GREAT, the homemade chips were EXCELLENT!  EXCELLENT service from the bartender. very friendly and helpful to a first time visit from a tourist. right across the street from the ORLEANS my home base when i'm in VEGAS. will for sure visit and dine when back in LAS VEGAS.
Loved it!!  Stopped in for a late breakfast. Enjoyed the Farmhouse Irish breakfast with coffee, while my wife had a chicken sandwich. Both selections were excellent.   A must stop in Vegas.
Went here last week before a Wranglers game because it's so close to the arena and because fellow Yelpers gave it high marks.  As usual, the Yelpers were true to their word.  Great Pub!  Low lighting, dark wood, great beer, a boisterous group and lots of memorabilia = a Good Irish ambiance.  What's even better is that there is a Smoking side and a Non-Smoking side. :)   We started with the Irish Sausage Rolls... YUM!  These are Irish pigs in a blanket and are yummy, yummy!  These and a pint... coulda eaten them all night long.  The sausage was savory and juicy... the blankets were soft and flaky.  I had the Diddy's Irish Stew and my companions ordered the Chicken Causeway Curry.  All of it was FABULOUS!    My stew was hearty and savory with big chunks of lamb.  The brown bread was perfect for dipping in the stew.  My companions' curry was also very good without being overly-curry-ie.  Theirs was served with Jasmine rice as you might expect a curry might be.  I think the base for the curry was the same as my stew so I think that's why I liked it (as I am not a curry fan).  Service was spot on!  All in All, a GREAT meal that was quick, tasty and filling.  We will definitely be going back to McMullan's before the Wranglers game again.
I've also been a big fan of the burgers as of late. If I'm not indulging in the fattening and calorie-laden Irish Nachos, I'm ordering up a big juicy burger. I've tried them all, minus the Monster. I've never been quite daring enough for that one.  If you have room at the end of your meal, I highly recommend the Sticky Toffee Pudding. My favorite thing on the menu!  They have salads too, but don't waste your time! ;-)
It was 3 a.m. and a couple of friends and I didn't know where to go.  OF course it's vegas,but a lot of places were closing for the night.  So I used my trusty YELP phone app and found McMullan open.  We said WTF let's do it.   Now keep in mind this place is NOT on the strip.  IT's about 2 miles off the strip (Right next to the Orleans), but so worth it.  When we got there it had good music playing and cool people that are friendly and bartenders that are in good graces at 3 a.m.  Been to many places were the bartenders just want to call it a night.    WE drank, sang, and had a great time until 8 a.m. in the morning.  I can't wait to go back and have myself a nice pint or an Irish Car bomb.  Great place and worth the trip outside the strip.
Definitely one of my favorite pubs in Vegas. It's a good, fun atmosphere once you're inside.   Thursdays offer AYCE Fish & Chips ! Now, sometimes there is a bit of a wait to get your second, third, fourth, etc serving, but definitely worth the wait. Fish and chips are pretty good. Fish always seems fresh, and the fish isn't masked with a think, heavy batter.   On days that aren't Thursday, I usually opt for their nachos. Cheddar cheese, bacon, & sour cream on their home made potato chips. Goes great with beer.   They also offer three different beer tasters, for only $5 each. Each comes with 5 different beers, which is great for those who haven't had a chance to try a different selection of beers, outside of the heavily marketed ones in America such as Bud, Coors, and whatever else are similar to those.   This establishment only got four stars from me because of the prices. A bit more expensive than I prefer, but not steep enough to keep me from going back.
The wife and I came here on Thanksgiving Eve. We needed to get some grub and a drink to help us stay up for our annual Thanksgiving Bingo Ritual. I will admit, since coming to Vegas McMullan's has been one of my favorite bars. It is actually one of my favorite bars ever. We've celebrated multiple birthdays here, and I had part of my bachelor party here. Our most recent experience just exemplified my love for this place.  The place was hopping as the next day was a holiday, and Darby O'Gill was playing. I like McMullan's for their intimate stage for live music. It may be loud, but it really makes for a hell of a time. The bar area was pretty packed, so we made our way to a little corner to the right of the bar. The area was pretty full with a couple large parties...and as typical for McMullan's, we ran into some people we know...which is always a nice treat.   We were greeted almost immediately be our waitress. One we've had a few times, who happens to be Irish. Yet another reason I love McMullan's. They are the only authentic Irish bar in town as it is owned by an Irishman and they have at least one Irishwoman on the wait staff. I got my usual Smithwicks, and the wife had a Mangers. We decided to split the Irish Nachos (oh so delicious).   Not relevant to  this visit, but McMullan's is also a sponsor and host of St. Baldricks, a charity event to raise money to fight childhood cancer. They are the longest standing sponsor in Las Vegas, and have the largest event for this charity here. I can always get behind a place that likes to support the community, while providing a great product for the community.  These are just a few of the reasons I will keep coming back to McMullan's.
Guiness and beef stew was excellent. Along with a Boddingtons - perfect dinner before the Wranglers hockey. Went back after the game for a few beers. Very busy with live Irish-type entertainment. Great place!
I am a total McMullan's Irish Pub fan! This summer marked my first ever trip to Las Vegas. During my week-long drinking, shopping, fine dining, show-watching spree on the strip, I learned something very disappointing...everything closes at like 10pm. Coming from the "city that doesn't sleep" McMullan's was our savior. They had *just* what we needed when Red Square in Mandalay Bay kicked us out so they could close early. This may be a plain old bar to the locals, but it will always be perfect in my eyes: open 24 hours, serving better-than-average pub grub, cider on tap, low-key welcoming bartender, and a 5 minute drive/cab ride from our hotel on the strip. I may just book my hotel for the next day and come here directly from the airport next time I'm in town.
holy moly what a fun establishment. i love that you can have crazy bar fun (!) or have a great time with a small gathering of friends in their many semi private booths. great food (yummmy irish nachos), fun games. attentive servers.
A great stop for St. Patrick's day, to watch Australian Rugby or any day for a pint.. generally regarded better than Brendan's pub at the Orleans but you be the judge.
Though McMullan's is one of my favorite Vegas Irish Pubs (if not THE favorite), we hadn't been here for a long time.  But we went to see a show at the Orleans, and two of our friends live in Henderson, so this was a no-brainer.  The first thing that struck us when we walked in was a familiar voice.  It was John Windsor, our favorite Irish entertainer, late of J.C. Wooloughan's at the Marriott.  We'd gone to see him there after a long hiatus and found out they'd changed his hours.  Now he's done there for good, but playing at McMullan's every Saturday night and early evenings on Sundays.  We were thrilled - he's just fabulous.  And because he's so popular, the bar was jammed.  But we were there for dinner.  At 9:30 we had no problem getting a table for 6, but the small, cozy room they seated us in filled up right after us.  The count for the evening was:  two shepherd's pies, one steak sandwich, a Reuben burger, chicken wrap, and another burger.  My Reuben was the Irish version - no sauerkraut.  Instead, it came with a red onion spread that I was glad I'd ordered on the side.  The onions were chopped and sauteed, I think, but were mixed up with a seasoned mayo.  I love mayo, but it doesn't love me, my hips, or my cholesterol, so I was able to use just a tiny bit, instead of having to scrape off tons of it.  The burger, which I ordered medium, was perfectly cooked, and served on thick and tasty toasted marble-rye.  It came with friesthat were good, but too salty (what else is new?)  I could have had mashed or potato chips.  My friend - the smart one - had the chicken wrap, but got fresh veggies, for a $2 upcharge.  She loved both of them.  The veggies were a large portion.  My husband has had the Shepherd's pie a lot there.  He loves it, but since it's served with no sides, it seems a little pricey to me, at $14.  Actually, it was $15, since the waiter asked if he wanted the cheddar cheese on it, and then there was a dollar upcharge for that, too.  The do offer a lunch-sized portion, but it's only $2 less.  I had the Magner's on tap, a great alternative, since I'm not a beer drinker.  The atmosphere is wonderful, all wood and clubby, and very Irish.    While I'm a great fan of McMullan's for its homey atmosphere and terrific food, I have to take away a star because I don't like the feeling of being nickel-and-dimed in a place that's not on the Strip, but almost charges like it is.  Still, now that we know John Windsor's a regular, we'll be back again soon!
McMullan's is a solid Irish Pub with good offerings in both pint and plate.   The staff are almost always friendly, which is a kudos to management as well. It's rare to walk out having less than a great experience.  If you're in town on a Tuesday night at 8, you might enjoy a round of trivia against some rather formidable local opponents.
An organization I'm a member of held an event in their back room. I really liked the set up we had back there - plenty of room (seems 100 or so could fit?), our own bar, and tasty bar food was brought out pretty regularly. Definitely a place I'd keep in mind if I was hosting events - or just looking for an "authentic" Irish pub off the strip to visit.
Stopped in for a 1am snack at McMullan's on a recent trip to Vegas with two friends who are locals and I hadn't seen in awhile.  It definitely looks the part of an Irish Pub -- dark wood panels, large bar and people crowded into large groups cheering on the performer and their beers as they enjoy plates of delicious food.  My partner and I didn't order any entrees because we were doing the 24 hour buffet pass on the strip and had been stuffing ourselves like pot pies all day and instead decided to go for the appetizer called "Irish Nachos" thinking that by getting a half-order we could eat a light snack...   WRONG!    This is a GIANT plate..  and it was only a half-serving!  The typical tortilla chips are replaced by home made potato chips ("crisps.")  On top of these crisps are mountains of sour cream, meat and delicious fresh veggies.  So much eating light!  :)  Our server was awesome especially considering that she seemed to be the only one working all of the very full tables.  I'll definitely try and work a return visit in to future Vegas trips.
This is hands down my favorite pub in the entire valley. The food is delicious and always fresh, the Guinness is always cold and poured with the perfect head, and the live Irish folk music on the weekends always make for a fun time!
My all time favorite american irish pub, and my hand down favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. Try the irish nachos, just don't do it alone. You won't have room for your meal if you do, and that would be tragic. From fish and chips to steak pie this place is the BOMB. My dish of choice is and always will be the corned beef and cabbage. Its always on the menu and always DELICIOUS.
Trivia on a Tuesday night is a fun time.  Some people take it pretty seriously, which makes it all the more amusing.  They have a round where you have to guess the song from a snippet that the host, Dallas, plays.  It's fun when he gives the answers and plays the song.  Everyone in the bar sings along.    The burgers are ok here but the french fries are pretty good.  The chips with the curry sauce were pretty tasty.  My husband liked the fish and chips and my friend liked the mushroom and steak pie.  The sticky toffee pudding with vanilla ice cream is to die for.  I could eat that all day. Good selection of beer and nice servers.  Free wifi - but don't be using it during trivia!  Definitely a fan.
I've had variations of Irish food in the past but never authentic Irish. A take home with instructions on how to cook corned beef here, a sandwich loaded with corned beef there, and once a Sheppard's pie from a place that specialized in another ethnic variety.  If McMullan is a window on how good Irish food can be then open it up cause i'm gonna jump through it next chance i get.  The Apps!!! Homemade Crisps - I had an impression of what they were going to be like as i read the description and envisioned it in my mind. When they came i was sadly disappointed that the Crisps werent made to order, instead of warm salted crisps they were room temperature. Oh well the taste of them totally made up for the fact that they're made in batches and allowed to sit, which in the long run is better for no oil is still on the crisps. I personally enjoyed both sauces. I had a person preference to never eat or try curry from anyone that isnt of asian or south east asian/indian decent due to a bad experience with a "Country Captain Chicken MRE" but damn the curry is right on. A lot of friends werent too fond of the Marie Rose sauce, imagine a sweeter thousand island. To me it's a nice contrast from the curry that tastes pretty darn good when dipped lightly.  Sausage Rolls - Thanks to the internets i've made a few friends in Australia and the UK. I've been to Australia once and was amazed at things like Turkish or Lebanese style Kebabs. My Brit and Aussie mates keep urging me to try Sausage Rolls. No matter who it is or if i just engage a conversation about food with a random Brit or Aussie Sausage Rolls always pop up.  And now the Sausage Roll! Pretty much a sausage rolled in puff pastry served with a very robust mustard. Wasnt too impressed because the sausage tasted VERY close to Vienna Sausages but the puff pastry and the robust mustard made it all go along.  The Entrees!!  Aon Do Tri - A sampler of their main entrees the Aon Do Tri features Diddy's Irish Stew, Corned Beef and Cabbage, and Shepard's Pie. Flanking the three sampler sized bowls are two slices of home made Brown Bread. - To me the Brown Bread is something unique. When i picked it up it had the weight and feel of a thick slice of pound cake, the texture is very similar to cake with the softness and the moisture, but the taste is all bread. A little butter and dip this into the Diddy stew....oh lawd... - Diddy's Irish Stew, Dont order this if you dont like lamb. The first bite was gamey and rustic but comforting. I love lamb and this stew just hit the spot with chunky bits of that adorably delicious mammal, potatoes, carrots, a few slices of onions and large celery cuts that just absorbed all the flavors of the stew. Lamb flavored celery...that's gonna make me drool for a while. - Corned Beef and Cabbage. If i could pinpoint a fault to this it's that the portion size was just too small. Nice meaty hunks of corned beef still in it's cooking liquids swimming with potatoes and cabbage. It just dont get any better then this really. -Shepard's Pie. I would count this as the odd man out in this triumvirate of Irish signature dishes because of the taste. Maybe it's because i saved it for last, maybe because the mashed potatoes trapped the heat inside and the first bite scorched a few parts of the inside of my mouth. Flavor wise i was just expecting a bit more from this.  - Fish n Chips WOW, large cuts of flaky cod, very light but crisp breading and what seemed to be a home made tartar sauce with lots of relish flavor. I might just have to start spending Thursday nights here...  - Beef & Guinness Stew Andy ordered this and i grab a small spoonful when he wasnt looking. Now this is some goooooood stew! You can barely taste the Guinness but cant help to notice the richness of it in the stew. The beef was tender cooked to perfection and absorbed a lot of flavor. Very nice indeed.  The Desserts!!! PPS: There are traces of nuts in these desserts I lol'ed at this comment. Check the menu it's there. Check the online menu it's there too.
Love those Irish nachos! Decent selection of beer and good food!
I used to come here a bunch when I lived around the corner as my roommate loved to go to bar trivia night.  I never liked the place because I suck at trivia.  I'm probably the worst trivia team member of all time.  Anyway, I went back for Yelp Drinks and was pleasantly surprised.  I arrived at the beginning of happy hour, so I was able to get a snack for $4.  They had a ton of cheap options, all for around half a Hamilton.  Also, the free wifi was clutch as I had some work to do.  It did get a little loud once happy hour got bumping, so I had to leave to go find somewhere else to work.
Still love this place. I come here every week and felt my review needed an update. I still highly recommend the burgers and the nachos, but I also really like their salads and curry pie.   Don't forget to sign up for their rewards card. For every $100 you spend you get a coupon for $10 off, plus a free meal on your birthday. Totally worth it and it's free!  I figure this place deserves a star upgrade since I'm here SO often and I really couldn't figure out a reason they didn't deserve 5 stars.
Almost every time that I drive to Vegas, I must stop by McMullan's for a scrumptious meal!  What I've had in the past: fish & chips, corned beef hash & cabbage, shepard's pie and some soup that I can't remember if my life depended on it.  The fish was moist and fried perfectly. Fries are fries, nothing special. Corned beef hash were served in slices on top of cabbage with some stock. I thought it was a bit too salty but nonetheless it was delicious!!! Shepard's pie made me feel like a heifer after eating it :\ lots o' mashed potaters!  Staff are pretty chill, always a lot of people at the bar, this place is a bit pricey but totally worth a try! Can't wait for my next visit!  Oh, btw they have a full bar and a large variety of beers!
I love, love, love, love Irish Pubs. I'm a sucker for them. What can I say? I'd rather go out and have a dark beer and a shot of Jameson than do just about anything else on a weekend. McMullans is a place I love.   I've been here on a few occasions, a couple dates with the boyfriend, and also meeting up with friends. The service is typically a toss of a coin. Either you get really stellar service or kind of "eh" service. I typically only see women working here, from the hostess to the waitresses to the bartenders. Service at the bar the last time I was here was so-so.   I had their Irish Breakfast, which is in Irish breakfast fashion - huge and way too much for me to eat. Plus they add on top of it a cup of beans, delicious heavy-as-heck bread, and a grilled tomato. Add to that Irish bacon, black and white pudding (blood sausage/sausage), a sausage link, and three eggs (however you want 'em). Oh it's just too much for me to eat, but I put a pretty good dent in it. The Irish Nachos are also freaking Awwwwe-some! Order these for sure if you want an appetizer to go along with your alcohol!  They're serving my favorite Irish staples - Guinness, Smithwicks, and Jameson. They also have a few other beers on tap for those that do not like the dark beers.  ALSO - live music the last time I was there! Very fun and entertaining. Lots of audience participation - this is not for the shy of heart! I was actually called out for clapping out of place during a song (although I SWEAR I didn't and so does my friend), but I was pointed at by the entire bar area and forced to have a drink for punishment!  Only reason I'm not giving 5 Stars is because the service can be so random. Doesn't matter - still one of my favorite places in Vegas!
Stopped in for a late night dinner. As expected, the menu after 11pm is somewhat limited to sandwiches, appetizers & breakfast. The server was friendly and helpful with some suggestions about the specials. I had missed breakfast this morning so I made up for it by ordering breakfast this evening. I went with the Corned Beef Hash, eggs and home fries ($7). The corned beef hash was one of the best home made corned beef hash I have had in Las Vegas. The eggs were ordered over medium but they came over hard. The home fries were good. I like that they were not greasy. The beer selection while varied was a little disappointing for an Irish Pub. I was expecting a wider selection, but I certainly had no problem finding an IPA that I liked. The prices on the late  night menu were a good deal. I'll have to go back for a normal breakfast to see if the price is the same. Oh yeah, if you have your laptop with you they have free wi fi. That's just a nice bonus on top of a good experience.
The food (and I just had appetizers) is fantastic, the pints are cold, the music is great, and the people are friendly.
Wasn't feeling the fish and chips this time around...also ordered the pot pie as it advertised "takes 20 minutes, but totally worth the wait"  The pot pie was okay , but not something I would order again, and IMO, totally NOT worth the wait...  The Tomato Soup was just blah...  Our Bits O' Beer samplers were barely cold  Where's the love?????......ALOHA!!!
We went here today because my husband is still searching for the best fish and chips in Vegas.  We ordered the homemade potato chips for an appetizer and they were oh so very good! I had the shepard's pie, and was very pleased with my choice.  The portion was huge and once again I ate way too much.  My daughter had the mac 'n cheese and ate everything we put on her plate, which rarely happens.  So, it's safe to assume that the mac 'n cheese is good too.  And finally- the fish and chips.  My husband reports that the fish is absolutely delicious but the batter needs a little something more.  All in all, he liked it alot, but it still searching for something even better.  The one downer- The service was awful! Our waiter rarely checked on us and when he asked us if we wanted refills, it was about 20 minutes before we got our drinks.  My husband had to eat most of his meal without a drink. :(     We will definitely be back to McMullan's, with the hopes of getting a different server...
Good breakfast -- poached eggs with homemade corned beef hash, along with a super spicy Bloody Mary.  Breakfast BLT good too. Friendly staff. Don't know about the night scene here, but def a better 24 hr option than the Denny's around the corner.
Tuesday Trivia Nights are fun.  Don't expect great service on those nights.  It's always jam packed and the servers can be bitchy when they're overwhelmed with orders.    AYCE Fish and Chips even on a empty stomach not so fun.  Wouldn't recommend it.  The location is convenient near the strip across the Orleans Casino.  But I sure would endorse that sticky toffee pudding.  That indeed is a pudding I enjoy getting stuck in.
Me and my gf knew about this place thanks to Yelp so I had to show it some more love on here so more people can find out about this hidden gem. It's not on the strip so you need to cab it or drive there but it's soooo worth it. It's right across the street from the Orleans hotel. We ordered quite a bit of food and everything was fantastic. We had the fish and chips, the Irish nachos, the shepherd's pie, the lamb stew and the sticky toffee pudding and every bite was amazing. The lamb stew was the most flavorful Irish lamb stew I've ever had in a restaurant. Even if you have no room at all for dessert you still must have the sticky toffee pudding. Easily one of the best desserts I've ever had anywhere. They also have a cute 5 dollar beer sampler that is fun for having different types of beer while also leaving room for all the good eats. The waitress could not have been nicer. Awesome Vegas find.
This was a great out of the way find, filled with locals. Short cab ride off the strip, next to the Orleans Casino. I was on the lookout for a different Irish place (we usually go to 9 Fine Irishmen in NyNy). The food in this place was amazing. We started out with a "5 beer sampler" for $5. It had Guiness, Harp, Smithwicks and 2 others. So cute. Each one was a decent size, def enough to taste. Then we ordered Irish Nachos. Omg. Homemade potato chips stacked high and covered in cheese, chives, bacon, sour cream, etc. So, sooo good. (get the mini size). We got the half size and def couldnt finish it since we got a whole meal each besides that. Portions are huge here. Next we got a fish and chips appetizer. The fish was cooked perfectly and the fries were great. As an entree, I got my Irish staple- Lamb stew. The most flavorful one I have ever had. Def enough garlic, wine, veggies and spices to make it sing. My bf had the Shepards pie which was perfection. Just enough wine in the ground beef and nice, fluffy potatoes. SO good. For dessert, we had the sticky toffee pudding, which is a real gooey brownie.  It was heaven.  Loved this place. Cant wait to return. (see pics!)
Ate here twice on our last visit and can't wait to get back.  Once again I enjoyed the Farmhouse Irish Breakfast. Recommend that you eat it around lunch time, it's enough to carry you through most of the day.  Also had the Irish Reuben with homemade chips, very good.  The rest of the family enjoyed the Mini Irish Breakfast, Fish and Chips, Sausage Rolls, Chicken Tenders and Build-Your-Own Omelette. Not a single complaint.   Service is excellent, very friendly and helpful.  Don't forget to sign-up for the rewards card. We've already earned our first $10 off.
Went in for our usual pub quiz Tuesday night.  6 of us cozied up in a snug and settled in for 4 hours of eating, drinking, thinking, and socializing.  If you haven't been to pub quiz...it's alot, and I mean a lot, of fun! The MC Dallas, is a hoot.  Team names are offensive and trivia is tough.  5 of us had burgers and 1 had a salad.  Burgers are really good at McMullans.  I like my burger cooked Med Rare and they nailed it.  Nice bloody beef juices oozed onto my plate.  Hearty white cheddar and bacon toppings, and the beef fat flavor just coats your tongue with umami goodness.  Spinach goat cheese salad with candied walnuts with balsamic vinaigrette was light, flavorful and tasty - a little skimpy on the goat cheese.  The walnuts added a crunchy surprise.  We washed it all down with copius amounts of fat tire, guiness, hard cider, and  hef.  And you cannot leave without a sticky toffee pudding.  It's just that - sticky toffee.  It an ultra moist caramely coated cake. yum. yum. yum.
Irish bar at it's finest.
Went last night (Friday 9:30pm). Me and friend went for a beer, I tried the bits o beer sampler, definitely a good deal for $5 and beer was good. I liked that it is off the strip and it wasn't too busy. The band was great! Everyone was nice, but the service left much to be desired. We barely ever saw the bartender (which wasn't a big deal, but it took forever to close out and other customers asked us if there was even a bartender working LOL). We wanted to get something to eat since the menu looked great and prices were good but the service was so bad we decided to go somewhere else : ( Other than that, cute place and I would like to try it again. However, if the service is bad again, I probably wouldn't go back.
Simplicity is the way to go with McMullan's. A few friends and I stooped by for their happy hour since they are one of the few that offer one on a Sunday. Without further delay I will announce that their happy hour is 7 days a week from 3-6.   The savings are not on the drink since our beers averaged six dollars a piece, but the appetizers are half off. Even though the list was short, the fish and chips bites ($4) were nice. The batter on fish was light in texture and color. Instead of over burning them, it came out crisp and I did not have to dab each piece with a napkin. We had also ordered the sausage rolls ($4) since that is a safe bet for those who have an allergy to soy. The rest of their food is deep fried in a vegetable oil, so avoid if you cannot tolerate soy. The rolls were so good that we ordered a second helping. An order of sliders ($12) were also a hit. The sirloin with grill onions and mushrooms topped with BBQ were so tender. The reuben was also delicious. The piles of meat made the three mini burgers overwhelming. With a huge helping of fries, no wonder my friend was stopped dead in his tracks. The Blackthorn and Magner Ciders were a nice refreshing way to end our night. The bill came out to $57 with a total of six beers, three happy hour appetizers, and the sliders.  On Sundays at 6:30, they have live music. The audience is given a list of songs that they can request.
I've been going to Mcmullans for a couple years now and it's a great experience every time I visit. The servers are great as well as the bartenders and the events during the week are fun. Each day they have a different 20oz beer special.  NewCastle is on Fridays if your a fan like I am. I've liked everything that I have ordered from the menu from the bangers and mash to the burgers and wraps, it's all good.  My favorite are the homemade potato chips. You can get them with some curry or in the Irish nacho platter. Both are really good and cheap during the daily happy hour.  Be sure to stop by Friday nights to listen to some great songs and funny limericks or Tuesday for bar trivia. They also have a facebook page which they update with the different sports they are showing for the week. Cheers!
I have to admit that my boyfriend and I will drive all the way across town just to go to McMullan's. I love their fish and chips and their Sunday roast.  The best day for Fish and Chips - Thursday. It's all you can eat and believe me, I can eat. The fish is flaky, buttery and melts in your mouth. The batter is crispy and not too greasy (it should have some grease, it IS fried.) Paired with a pint of Boddingtons and I am in heaven.  For the weekend trips it's always Sunday Roast. Nothing beats savory roast beef covered in gravy served with perfectly roasted potatoes and fluffy Yorkshire pudding. In fact, most of the time I ask if they can forgo the veggies and give me extra pudd. So good with gravy poured inside. I have never tried the pork but my my mom has gotten the lamb and she says it is fantastic also.  As for desserts, try the sticky toffee pudding. The bread pudding was also very good. I so badly want to try other things on their menu (shepherd's pie, bangers and mash, Irish pie) but I am just hooked on their Fish and Chips!
When I lived in Vegas this was my local pub.   It's a convenient location directly across from the Orleans.   You can always catch a game of some kind on. Be it Football, Fuutball, or good ole Rugby, something is always playing.   They pour Guinness the correct way.   They make a delicious Shepherds Pie. If you ask for it with cheese it's simply out of this world. The Dinner portion I can barely finish. The Reuben is pretty damn good too.   Pints are $6 each but well worth it.   There's normally bar space open, or if you want a private party you can request a secluded booth.   Every time I go back to Vegas I always pop in for a crisp pint of Smithwicks.
The absolute worst food in Vegas in my opinion.  We got our food to go, had the Irish Stew and it was nasty, I was only able to take two bites before having to give up.  Extremely strong after taste left in the mouth even now an hour after taking those two bites. Never again will I visit this establishment for food or anything else for that matter.  If I could give it 0 stars I would.
Where in Las Vegas can you go where everybody knows your name? mcmullans is a place that makes you feel like home as soon as you walk through the door. Every Tuesday I show up for pub quiz, and my Stella is poured and brought to me by the time I reach the table. I have never eaten something from their authentic Irish menu that I did not like: curry chicken pot pie, fish and chips (best I've ever had including all I tried in europe!), Irish nachos, the unique Caesar salad, bangers and mash, even the chicken fingers are amazing!  You can't go wrong with anything on their menu. They have yet to disappoint me.Tuesday nights pub quiz adds a nice twist to the evening, offering A multitude of prizes including a $100 bar tab, $50 bar tab and loads of other "cheap ass crap" for those who nearly miss the top 2 and for the team with best name. Walking into mcmullans feels like you've come to visit family every time. You will definitely not regret trying this place and pretty soon you will be a regular just like me. ;)
I had been sent to Las Vegas to do some work and my company put me up at the Orleans.  I happened to stumble across the street and found this place.  I had the fish and chips and it was pretty darn tasty.  A couple rounds of beer and I was ready to go back across the street to see the Wranglers play.  Good food and an overall good experience.  If I make it back to Vegas I will stop in again.
Totally solid Irish pub with great food & great service.  If you plan to order food come with an empty belly because portions are gargantuan sized.  I like to start with an order of McMullen's Irish Nachos, which is a heaping platter of thick homemade potato chips, bacon, tomatoes, chives, sour cream, & gooey cheesiness.  You can also opt for chicken or beef for approx $4 more.  On my last visit I asked for corned beef, which was an excellent addition.    If you aren't stuffed from the appetizers, their entrees are excellent.  On Thursday evenings from 5-11 they have an AYCE Fish & Chips Special for $14.50, which is uber yum.  Whatever you do, don't order anything else if you decide to take this route.  It is seriously a ton of food.  Despite being AYCE, the quality of the fish is surprisingly delicious.  It's lightly beer battered cod fried to golden perfection without being overly greasy.  Top it all off with some fresh squeezed lemon slices and malted vinegar and devour.  They do offer a daily happy hour, but it ends kind of early (3-6) in which you can pick up 1/2 price apps, and slightly discounted drinks.
Great Irish Pub!!!  My wife and are are visiting Vegas and were looking for a great local pub to eat at.  This is it.    The food is excellent and the portions are HUGE.  Excellent dark beer choices poured slowly to allow to breath, great service and friendly staff.   We will definitely go again when we return to Vegas.
Of all the Irish Pubs I've frequented in my time, McMullan's is not in the top of the list.  The split-bar layout is tight, cramped, and the gaming area is like a Marlboro humidor.  I choked down a couple pints while shouting to my friends standing 18 inches away.  Once my eyes were burning from the veritable tobacco field fire, we opted to leave and find more suitable accommodations.  Luckily my nicotine high was maintained throughout the rest of the night via my clothing and skin absorption.
Before I even start my review - I have to say that when I go to an Irish pub I do not get the cred I deserve.  I am half Irish Damn it!  I may not look it - but it's true...   So, I go here with a friend and she tells me that a lot of "industry" people go there.  Basically, she was saying it should be a lively crowd.  When I hear "industry " people I am think hot ladies!  ... hey, a boy can dream ... right?  It was a friday and they had a band there doing mostly songs from the eighties so I was cool with that.  It was a pretty good crowd.  The bar is split into a smoking section and non - smoking section.    I like it in there.  It obviously is not an authentic Irish pub being that we are in Las Vegas, but I think it has a nice appeal without trying to hard.  This is a cool place to hang out and chill with a few friends or have a big group and get a little rowdy.    We had an order of Irish nachos.  I am from Idaho - we call them "Idaho Nachos" up there... but it's cool.  They were actually really good.  The potato chips were good enough just to eat on their own,  The half order is huge!  I am not into Guiness or black and tans  - so I had a few Newcastles.    All in all - I really like this place.  Good place for locals and tourists.
Wow, I'm surprised I haven't reviewed this place yet. Several of my friends on Yelp, including Elite Emily, play Pub Trivia here weekly. This, of course, makes McMullan's the coolest place in Las Vegas on Tuesday nights. But it's pretty great any day of the week.  Firstly, the atmosphere is great. It's small, it's cozy, but still raucous and noisy enough to know it's an Irish pub, not a British pub or American bar. Servers get to know their regulars, live music plays weekly, and during soccer/"footy" season all the games are shown.  Beer and spirits are in wide supply. I've had Long Island and Long Beach Iced Teas, and they are always well-crafted -- not too weak, but not overly strong either. Great balance. Elite Emily often enjoys a Snake Bite, and they highly tout their Jameson & Ginger Ale, which I shall sometimes try.  The food is excellent! My personal favorite is the Atlantic Burger, which is actually battered cod served burger-style with a jalepeno tartar sauce. The fish is hot and flakey, quite delicious. I also enjoy the Chicken Caesar Wrap, and last week just tried their Steak & Veggie Soup. Hearty, tasty, and soon to be one of my favorites. They also have great Irish traditionals like Shephard's Pie and Bangers & Mash. For dessert, make sure to try the Caramel Apple Pie.  But beware... Irish Nachos are out there. A big pile of potato chips, covered in piles and piles of cheese, tomatoes, scallions, beef or chicken (optional), and a glunk of sour cream. Irish Nachos are great, but they are a meal-killer. They'll stare your entree down and stab it with some gooey cheesy. Make it a meal, not an appetizer. Don't say I didn't warn you.  Pub Trivia is always fun, if not challenging. Seven rounds of questions that make you go, "Oh, I used to know this!" It's a fun way to spend the night. The only ONLY negative thing is that we're pretty sure there are cheaters. Oh yes, smoking girl. We're on to you. Unless you go through a whole pack in the span of two hours, we're pretty sure you're going outside to Google answers. Hope you enjoy the taste of pumpkin, because you are (allegedly), in purely scientific terms, a cheater, cheater, pumpkin eater.  But i digress. Trivia is a lot of fun, potential cheaters aside. Check them out on Tuesday nights, or any nights. You'll enjoy it a lot more than most of what the next-door Orleans bars have to offer.
It's 3:00pm and that means Happy Hour! On a recommendation we went to McMullan's Irish Pub across from the Orleans. We walk in, sit at the bar and guess what....no bartender...what's up with this??? Anyway, she did show up after a few minutes, but we moved to the smoking side of the bar (hubby still smokes - I quit 2 years ago). Had a great bartender named Dallas (who bought me birthday beer)! Guinness, Bud Light, Do Dheag Wings, Irish Nachos and Crab Cakes - the food is 5 stars plus!!!! But the very best was dessert. Sticky Toffee Pudding - with just a bit of Bailey's poured over it...TO DIE FOR!!!!! Try saying Sticky Toffee Pudding three times after a few beers....it came out Stiffy Tooffee Puding..... hahahahahaha
After a nice meal at the Goyemon sushi house not far away, we were looking to finish with a nightcap. Following Yelp recommendations, we headed to McMullan's.  What a great surprise! Upon walking in, this Irish joint was rocking and rolling with a live band and I could see everyone was having a good time. It was awesome!  But then, I realized something was missing...  It was cigarette smoke! I couldn't believe I finally found a place in Sin City where I could have live music and some top-notch whiskey varieties smoke-free! My green hat's off to you, McMullan's. And if you're a smoker, no worries. You can smoke in the gaming side of the bar.   Now the bar unfortunately didn't have Killian's on draft (I saw a lit Killian's sign which got my hopes up), but the bar made up for it by having a better-than-average selection of scotch and Irish whiskeys- but come on: drinking a scotch in an Irish pub? -Pg mo thin!-  All in all, I'm definitely going back to McMullan's. My birthday's coming up in a few weeks, and I saw they have some private booths for groups, right near the live band stage. This pub caters to a broad audience, so I know everyone in my eclectic group of friends have a genuinely good time.
Service is iffy, but most oft the food is yummy.  Trivia nights are fun and it's a great spot to meet up with out of towners.
Rolled in on a Tuesday to grab a drink and catch up with my friend Richard. It was pretty full inside, but the hostess said she would do rounds and "make something work". LOVE that.   She came over with a proposal - there was a table in the trivia section if we didn't mind it. She would just have to bring over two stools. We were perfectly ok with that. Now I had read other reviews about the Tuesday trivia, but I'm glad we sat there because although we were chatting away, it was noisy enough where no one noticed us. We tried to guess the trivia questions - they were a lot of fun and some were quite challenging. They gave away $50 and $100 bar tabs to the runner up and winning groups. I'll definitely have to come back again for this.   The atmosphere is extremely laid back and our waitresses (we had two) were friendly and great.   Richard ordered a Carlsberg and a Guinness (I believe one was $8 while the other was $6) while I had a Murphy's Irish Stout for $4. We shared a half size of the Irish Nachos (homemade crisps topped with bacon, scallions, cheese, and sour cream) for $8. The half size was ENORMOUS! (that's what she said). We couldn't come nearly close to finishing it, but it was sooooooo delicious (although sooooooo bad).   Our total came out to be a little over $30 with tip. Great place to hang out - I need to come back for their AYCE Fish & Chips or their Sunday Roast Dinner (sounds ah.mazing!).
Uh oh, I almost had to take McMullan's down a star, but they saved themselves in the nick of time.  We were there as usual, sucking at Pub Trivia, and generally ordering fabulous food and drink. One of the couples, who I now officially deem "Trevorlyn," ordered the Caramel Apple Pie. Trust me, this pie is so friggin' good I was excited for them. But when the food came out, it was all delish... but Trevorlyn instead was greeted by some sad, misshapen lump of apple-looking crap.  Sad day. :(  When the waitress, a sassy redheaded Irish lass, checked on us, Trevorlyn said, "This doesn't look normal..." The waitress assured us that that was the way it was supposed to be, but you could tell she didn't even buy it. Well, sucks for us. McMullan's is losing a sta--  Wait, what's this?? It's the Lass and I guess one of the manager with another big, real size, omgamazing-looking piece of Caramel Apple Pie, on the house! Apparently they were training someone in the back, and as suspected, it was too small and shouldn't have been sent out.  Good to see that McMullan's recognizes its mistakes and corrects them. Fifth star restored!
Found this place after getting tiured off all the bad Casino food on the strip. It is awesome. Locally owned, and live music and a lively place. Big portions, great chicken, will be back next time I am in Vegas!
After a grueling 3-hour shopping excursion, my friend and I (along with my battered self esteem) decided to wash away our shopping disappointments at McMullan's Irish Pub.  I have driven past McMullan's a million times but never so much as made it in to the parking lot.  Embracing my Irishness and taking in to consideration few know how to drink like the Irish, what better choice than to drown sorrows at an Irish pub!  With that being said, we walked in to McMullans where the Irish theme and culture were richly represented.  Great band, lots of laughter, beers on special and the potato soup was worth the trip all in itself.  If you are looking for a cozy eatery and watering hole and you're in the area, I would highly recommend this establishment. It's a little noisy for a date, perfect if you've been dating for a while and lost the interest in actually hearing what your other half has to say ;)
If you want to get away from the typical greasy bar food, try the Curry Chicken Pot Pie. Excelent!!
Love this place. Great food and great service.
The first time I was in this bar, was the night I unexpectedly fell in love with my husband. So this place holds a special place in my heart. Good size bar but the place can get packed. There's an outside patio to get some fresh air out of the noise. The staff is fun, the crowd is diverse and a blast. There are usually bands playing on the weekends, it gets loud with everyone singing along, so don't expect to hold a meaningful conversation with someone. They have a fine selection of beer and whiskey at great prices. I've eaten a few things from their menu but the thing we keep going back to is the Irish Nachos, crispy, fresh potato chips covered with tons of melted gooey cheese, bacon, green onions, tomatoes, and sour cream. The half order is huge, more than enough for the 2 of us. You can't help but have a good time here, whether your stopping in for a quick drink or planning on parking yourself bar side for the night. "Thirst is a shameless disease so here's to a shameful cure."
Been by here a bunch of times but never stopped and finally my buddy Bob was like lets grab a drink after we busted from the tourney at the Orleans.  I was like cool, never been there!  Bob is a regular there and they treat him well.  The bartenders are quick and friendly.   Not sure how often Bob comes in but they all knew him by 1st name.   I had a Kilkenny and a Blue Moon and they were tasty...makes me long for Ireland and their beers/pubs :(  I guess the trivia night gets tons of people (200 sometimes?!) which seems kinda fun.  The band is good (not great) they are really loud as the space is kind of small.  If u don't like loud music stay away weekend nights i guess :/   We were sitting at the bar and the bartenders even pointed out a booth that emptied if we wanted it away from the noise of the band which was nice of them.  I guess every so often they do a golf gig including golf, food and drinks all day for $100 which sounds like a great deal.  I'm looking forward to going back to try some food.  Cheers
Best Irish Pub & Fish & chips in USA
This place is a secret little gem most people don't know about. Food is amazing, beer is cold, and happy hour specials are fantastic.  Recommended: Fish & Chips, Chicken Florentine, and their Irish Nachos (splurge and get the blackened chicken on top, it will not disappoint).  Note: you have to sit at the bar for the happy hour specials.
Great Irish pub. Celtic music, cool mixologists, good bar food. Perfect St. Paddy's Day hang.
I am there every Tuesday for Pub Quiz, so I would have to say, I have tried just about EVERYTHING on the menu.  The food is good and the staff is super friendly.  They are more than willing to accommodate special requests (just be sure to ask if there is an extra charge if you are worried).  The decor is what one would expect of an Irish Pub.  I have been going there for years, so I must like it! lol
Blackened Chicken Irish Nachos.  They're so delicious that I want to write an ode to them.  I'm sure the rest of the food here is delicious, too, but I'll probably never know.   Nachos made with homemade potato chips?  Brilliant.    I wish I could give this place ten billion stars.  It's got everything going for it.  An Irish pub that's open 24 hours a day and serves the tastiest nachos to ever pass through my lips?!?!  With video poker at the bar?  It can't get any better, right?    Wrong.  It can.  It's also a NY Jets bar.  I love that more than I love the nachos.    I'm packing up my car and moving to Las Vegas.
Who goes to an Irish Pub and does not consume any alcohol? Me. I came here twice in one week with my coworkers, but only for lunch. So this review is based only on the ambiance, service and food.  On our first visit we were seated in a very roomy, yet somewhat private booth. Our waiter was great, he kept our waters and iced teas refilled and answered the questions I had about the menu. On our second visit we were seated at a somewhat unstable table and service was a little slower/not quite as friendly...   On to the food. For appetizers, the crab cakes are a winner. They were some of the best crab cakes I have had in Vegas, not too small and they had a nice kick to them.   I also had the steak sandwich which was great, and the excellent shepards pie.  On the walls there were many signs that indicated McMullan's has a happy hour worth checking out, and from reading the card on the table I could see that they have a nice selection of beers and whiskeys. They also advertised a weekly trivia night (Tuesdays) and live bands on weekends.   McMullans is definitely worth checking out if you are a fan of pubfood... even if you aren't drinking!!
Fantastic lunch!  Home made steak and mushroom pie, so yummy!   Very attentive management/ owners and staff!  Can't wait to come back and try the all you can eat fish and chips on Thursdays!  Great Irish coffee and great selection of European beers!  Had a great soccer match playing in the pub, but also had an intimate, quieter dining room, not too removed from the action in the bar.  Really neat Irish bar!  Will be back!
Mediocre food and service.  Moderate sized private room available for meetings and parties.  Bartenders make a pretty good drink.  Nachos are huge.
There isn't much that can drag me out of the house during the week, but we always try to come Pub Quiz every Tuesday. We don't win too often, aside from best name... but the food and the company is enough to entertain us weekly. No matter how bummed we are about losing every week, we always come back for more. You have to try the Irish Nachos, although make sure you eat them in moderation! The burgers are really good too.
McMullan's probably has one of the best happy hours in town. Great prices on the food, and a rotating drink menu make a perfect late night spot.  Like a couple fellow yelpers mentioned, the HH item to order are the nachos. This plate is massive, even the smallest serving, the mini could easily feed 2-3 people. I remember ordering the full order once and pretty much everybody at the place was starting at the foot-high mound of potato chips and cheese. At around 7 bucks, you can't beat it. If your a wing person, try out the 12 wings, each tossed in a different flavor. Lemon-pepper was my favorite.  The rotating beers on tap are a nice touch. Each night they put a special brew up for 4bux. The place can get really noisy and busy on the weekends. Certain night they have bands come in, and if there is soccer on, the place is packed.
The decor is really great.  There are quite a few different places to sit: they have a bar, tables with stools, a few booths that have really private alcoves, and then different seating areas with bench type seats and regular chairs for groups.  There is also some outdoor seating, and they are prepared for the winter chills with upright heaters.  They have live music pretty regularly.  There is... or was, not sure, a one-man band called Finnegan's Wake.  The last band I saw did some pretty cool Van Morrison and Flogging Molly covers.  I know it's blasphemy not to drink at Irish pub, but I don't drink at all, so I can't really rate the drinks.  I've heard from friends that the Guinness on tap is good, and that the Irish Coffee was ok.  They have these "Bit o' Beers" which run about $5 and have a sampler of... I think it was 5 beers.  There are 3 kinds, but the beers listed are all you can get, as in you can't substitute anything.  They have similar offerings for whiskey, and there is always a beer on special for a $4 pint.  I like to start with the chips.  They are homemade, and come with two different sauces.  The rosemary is my favorite, but the curry isn't bad, either.  They have Irish nachos, but it's basically just nachos with potato chips instead of tortilla chips.  Ground beef, cheese and potato are Irish staples which could be had in better ways.  In the winter, my favorite dish is the Beef and Guinness Stew.  Unfortunately, it is seasonal, so it's not currently being offered.  It's a saucy stew, obviously, and has tender vegetables, and of course, of course, potato.  If you aren't sure of what to get, they have a dinner entree called "Aon, Do, Tri," which, if you say it out loud, is "One, Two, Three," with an Irish accent.  That is a sampler with Corned Beef and Cabbage, Diddy's Irish Stew, and Shepherd's Pie.  Quite good with the exception of the Irish Stew, which I found to be a bit bland.    I enjoy the fish and chips (make sure you ask for the Heinz Malt Vinegar on the side."  Crispy fish and crispy french fries.  I've been meaning to try the Reuben, but it comes with an onion relish or something like that, and you know how I feel about onions.  My friend had a slice of chocolate cake for dessert on her birthday, and that was rich, decadent, and delicious.    The reason it doesn't get a 5/5 is because of the service.  The servers are nice and orders come out correctly, but sometimes it can be insanely slow.  I've been on nights where it wasn't so crowded, and I've been on nights where, walking through the crowd, I couldn't tell if it was really that packed or I was getting groped.  Although it doesn't happen every time, there are occasions, regardless of crowd, where a meal has taken an insanely long time.  I don't mind because I go with friends and we have no problems chit chatting, but if I was in a hurry, or less easy going, it'd be frustrating.  My last experience, I made a reservation at least a week prior for 7:00 for a birthday party, and came to find out when we arrived one of our tables had been given away.  We didn't actually get seated until 8:00 (they put us outside to sit and wait where it was pretty hot.  Who I assume is the owner came out and apologized, but nothing was really done to compensate), the appetizers we ordered didn't get there until almost 9:00, and the food took forever to come out once it was ordered.  I will assume it's because it was packed and a Friday night, but jeez, the wait was really something else.  I will continue to go here when the Irish food craving bites me, but I'll make sure not to go on a Friday night.  I shudder to think about the wait times on St. Patty's Day.
This visit to Las Vegas was supposed to be for a wedding until the bride and groom decided that they were gonna go there separate ways. The father of the bride was nice enough to rent a huge party limo with doolies and get all of us together for dinner and rented one of the private rooms here at McMullans.  When the limo went of the strip I was a little nervous, and being my first time in an Irish joint, I was really nervous. That feeling didn't last long let me tell you.  The father of the bride Jim stood up proudly, and thanked us for making the trip and joining his family in this tough time. He then showed his appreciation by announcing a full bar and dinner buffet on him.  The bartenders were super friendly and poured a great beer.  They put out some appetizers as we all sat around the round tables sharing our stories of how the bride and groom brought us together.  By the time the dinner bell was rang we were all pretty shit faced.  I couldn't even tell you what all they had to eat.  They did have some off the best fish in chips I've ever had.  It was served with a homemade tarter sauce, fresh lemons and some one at the table turned me on to Malt vinegar for my fries.  The bartenders went above and beyond, clearing plates seconds after my fork hit the middle of the plate as I pushed it away from me.  Drinks were refilled promptly so I didn't even have to get up after I got my buzz.  I would like to personally thank the fine folks of McMullans for putting on great dinner and it was a night we will talk about for years to come.
Awesome cold beers and mixed drinks! Priced right too!  Appetizers were excellent.  Service was wonderful.  Atmosphere and bar design is wonderful.  Loved our visit, and will return on next trip to LV.
Service was excellent and the food was amazing. My husband and I both got corned beef (he got corned beef & cabbage and I got the corned beef sandwich), and it was delicious! Quite possibly the best corned beef I've ever had! I also had 2 drinks, the "Dark 'n' Fluffy" and the "Whipped Orange", both of which were really good! Glad we found this place before we left Las Vegas!
The drink selection here is great with an amazing Irish whiskey catalogue. The food, however is sub standard. The nachos were cold when I got them, and I doubt piping hot nachos would've tasted a lot better. Fish and chips were decent and the bartenders had little to no personality.
I have been in a few times and I am always impressed. They have THE BEST IRISH COFFEE I've ever had in my life! Hand whipped fresh whipped cream and it is amazing! I have only eaten their twice and both times I've had the Fish & Chips. The fish and chips taste fresh and crispy. I absolutley love it. Great service, dim, laid back atmosphere and very cute Irish decore.
I happened to get lucky, I have a friend who is a regular, and got invited to the roast of Brian McMullan, the owner. Hilarious.  It was such a great time, everyone was so friendly and the beer was delivered fast, frothy and cold. Yum.  This is one place that you go to if you want to meet all of your friends and have a great time. It actually reminds me of a place in Chicago that my friend B. took me to. He played rugby and he and all of his friends used to hang out in this dark, raucous place just drinking and telling tall tales and basically just partying. That is McMullan's. Authentically Irish. Good times.  So, I could say five stars just for the beer, service and fun, but the food was delicious! I was in an Irish pub so only Irish for me! I had the Irish pie with steak and mushrooms and whoa. It was fabulous. There is absolutely nothing like drinking and eating great pub food, especially when it's so authentically done. It had the tender, flaky crust, the really good gravy and a side of mashed potatoes and peas. Doesn't get better than that! It was so big that I had to share it with my friend!  All in all, this place is the real deal. In a city where there isn't a lot of authenticity, McMullan's shines. I have a good feeling I may make some of the best friends I'll find here. Loved it.
Great Irish bar with a superb Irish whiskey menu. I was staying neat door at the Orleans and thought I would try this place. The bartender (Dallas) introduced himself to me and he explained the whiskey menu an answered any questions. He recommended the fish and chips and other of his favorites. Best fish and chips I have ever eaten. Tartar sauce was even better. Whiskey was great too. This will be a destination for me next time I visit Vegas
i love irish beer. i made the mistake of asking if the bartender was from new castle because of his accent. no hes irish... he said he hopes i choke on my smithwicks. he was just joking though. always a good place to grab some drinks. guinness, kilkenny, murphys, smithwicks, all good stuff.
I love McMullan's. I come here after work, I come here for lunch on my work break, and I've come here on dates. If you ask me to go to a bar, I'm gonna want it to be McMullan's. Love love love.  The servers are all super friendly, and the McMullan family is full of great people. Outside of the bar they've created and the service they provide, they work with a great charity that fights childhood cancers every year called St. Baldrick's. Every year, they host a big event where people get their heads shaved in solidarity with kids battling cancer and they raise a TON of money in partnership (usually) with other Irish pubs in town. They also do other events to help raise money for childhood cancers, but off the top of my head, I couldn't name them.   The drinks are fairly priced, and the food is AWESOME. Seriously, order the nachos. I eat (and drink) there all the time, and I haven't had a bad meal yet. When it's really crowded, it can take a bit to get your drinks or find a server, but it's never been bad enough to irritate me or make me leave - that's what happens in bars.   McMullan's also hosts live music and a trivia night every Tuesday. The trivia night gets really crowded but is pretty fun (and challenging), so I'd suggest going beforehand to eat and get a table as early as possible - at least an hour. The music is usually one particular performer who is dirty and funny and really talented, but I am secretly old and don't like going when he performs on Friday and Saturday nights as you can't hear your friends talking to each other over the music. Outside might be better for chatting when the bands are playing.  Parking can be a little hard to find on crowded nights, but the Home Depot next door-ish always has space. I've only had to park that far on Trivia Tuesday, and maybe after one or two Wranglers games.   Check out McMullan's once and you'll probably end up coming back. How many other bars get you drunk AND give back to children?! Only the best ones.
Needed a place to watch some soccer and Crown & Anchor had already annoyed me in that respect.  I cantacted MIP and they said they would definately be playing the game I wanted to see.    Showed up with a friend and were sent to the back where the game was showing.  Was happy to have it on but could have done without being relegated to the smoking area, but it is a bar ... so I sucked up.  We both ordered food - good, good stuff.  I had a blackened burger with chips and we ordered some of that onion gravy on the side - also good stuff.  I forget what he had but he liked it.  I tried whiskey for the first time - forget what it was called but it was Jamisons and ginger ale ... a Ginger Something or other.  May be my new favorite drink.   Anyway - thanks McMullans - I will be back :)
Their food sounds fairly familiar on the menu, but when you taste them, they have a exotic strangeness that I like. For example, I never knew what "Marie Rose Sauce" tasted like until I went there to have some chips, but their Irish Curry tasted like a spicier version of my mom's Asian Curry. It even has the same greenish color too.  Any time after 5pm, at any day, is happy hour here. And that means appetizers are half price and so are some of the selected beers. And these are not small appetizers, a plate of Irish chips is about the size of a meal at a fraction of the price ($4) that I would pay for a Big Mac at McDonalds. Nachos and fries are ridiculously huge on the plate.  You'll find a lot of exotic beers here, with names that you never heard of anywhere else. The folks serving you drinks are bona fide Irish, they talk with a accent thats kind of hard to understand without concentrating. And the drinks have a tendency to creep up on me, it builds up to a drunk feeling that is a lot stronger than what I am used to.   You can find a legitimate Irish Breakfast here too, with black pudding (blood sausage), eggs, etc. And it barely puts a dent in the bank account, just ten bucks!
I met some friends who were already here and I must say ALL of us were impressed. Right as I got there they were ordering food, which was Sheppard's Pie, Irish Nachos, and Sticky Toffee Pudding! All of it was DELICIOUS!!! The staff was Great and we all determined we will be coming back!   I also like the fact, if you didn't want to sit at the bar or by the bar they had a separate eating area too. More cozy and quite if you can believe for a bar.   P.S.-We had a second helping of sticky toffee pudding! Mmm Mmm Good
Great Pub.  Smoke free section.   Check it out.
Service is decent enough.. depending who you get.  My coworkers have spoken highly of their Irish Nachos, however, it's just so-so to me :x. But still worth a try if you've never had.  They have happy hour specials between 3-6pm in the afternoon and 10pm-2am at night every day. Their menu will indicate *HH* for all the ones that apply to happy hour so you won't be surprised when the bill comes!  The lighting is dim so watch out if you're playing cards that need better lighting ;b. Otherwise, it's a pretty chill place to hang out with friends and just drink/eat.  Their website has a more extensive list of all their specials. Tons of them :)! (http://www.mcmullansirishpub.com/menu_specials.shtml)  GRAVEYARD SPECIALS  Everyday from 11pm 'til 7am $1 off all 20oz Draught Pints  2 for 1 Liquor Specials with Casino ID
Happy Hour prices and yummy food make this hidden gem an easy 5 star hangout.  Since apps were half off 10pm-1am, I had to try a bunch of different ones!  But I had no idea the portions were so huge!    Fish and Chips were good, nice and tender fish, good tartar sauce, fries were decent.  Tried the chips and gravy...didn't do much for me.  Yes, the fries are good, yes the gravy was good, but the combo isn't crazy awesome for me...just tastes fattening.  Preference thing I guess.    Also tried the wings.. 12 in 3 different sauces one.  Cooked well and seasoned well, although the BBQ was noticeably better in my book.  And the infamous chip nachos...good, but wasn't crazy good to me.  Maybe I have to get drunk first lol.  Portions are retarded on this one.  They also had a cool beer tasting and whiskey tasting...5 shots of beer for $5, and the whiskey list had some good stuff on there, starting around $30.  Why are we missing a star then?  Service is almost nonexistent.  The only "server" at 11pm is the bartender.....If he has people in front of him, you will not get much of service.  And it is not entirely his fault...they just don't want to hire a food/drink server around happy hour time, so if they are busy, you will WAIT.  Took a while to get the food order in, but once the order was in, the food came out fast.  But we didn't get checked on the entire time, and it took forever to get the check.  We received no refills, on beer or water.   I was going to order another beer after dinner was done, but by the time he finally came over, I decided to just take the check and go.    I guess the real way to get service here is to go directly to the bar if you need anything.  You would probably get it fairly quickly.  Just don't expect anyone to come asking if you need anything.  Don't treat it like a restaurant, and you will have a good time!  Lastly, I called to confirm it was a family friendly spot.  I was ensured it was, even at 11pm.  The place wasn't smokey and smelly like a bar, so it was comfortable even with the little one.  Just in case anyone was wondering.
A real Irish pub serving great food and drinks.  Ask for the Irish breakfast and you won't be disappointed.
Me & my co-workers will stop by after work time to time here n have a lunch & drinks n we tip pretty good since we r in the same industry but, we've noticed past couple of times when we had b-day parties they only had 1 bartender that was serving drinks and FOOD at the same time for both bars n we had slowest service ever! It's not her fault cz we saw it's was getting too much for her but, they need to have at least 2 bartenders or bar-back to help her out on the weekends especially if there's any games going on different taps r running...we probably won't come here for any future gathering anymore though...too bad!
My BF and I came here one night for a date.We only had drinks and we enjoyed that it was not a crowded place.Well,we came back about 2wks ago to enjoy the quite environment.We ordered our drinks and some food... I ordered the Filet Minon and tiger shrimp with veggies and mash potatoes.He ordered  the Irish Nachos and wings.How was the food?? AMAZING!!! We could not stop eating off each others plate. Usually we have to add some kind of condiment to our food at other places but the food here? Perfect!! We loved everything,that we  made McMullans OUR place to relax.Service was great,drinks were great,and the food *Homer drool......
I had a serious, inexplicable craving for fish and chips this week so we decided to try McMullan's for their Thursday night AYCE deal (5-11, $15, all the fish and chips you want).  Sadly, we were seduced by the Irish Nachos on the appetizer menu so we could not take full advantage of the special. We split a mini order of the nachos and did not finish them and we were still practically full by the time our main dish arrive. Those things are amazing! And amazingly bad for you.  The fish part of the fish and chips was great! The fish was mild and flaky with a thick beer batter. The chips, eh, they were ok. Oddly enough, I quite liked the tartar sauce which was kind of different and almost had a tzatziki taste to it.  The reason I am giving McMullan's three stars is the service. Ack. We waited around forever when we first got there and no one appeared to seat us. It's a bar so we thought, ok, maybe we should seat ourselves. We attempted to do so before feeling awkward and then wandering back up to the entrance where a guy eventually appeared to half-heartedly show us to our table. Our waitress, when she showed up, was not super friendly and the service in general is kind of slow.  Finally, though they claim to be "purveyors of the perfect pint," both my husband's beer and my cider were FLAT.
Awesome place! Great food!! Just make sure you don't come with a big group and have Jessica as your server. Very moody
One of my fav Irish bars and the food is so good. Irish nachos are delicious and their fish and chips are bomb. Recently had the Irish sliders and scotch egg which were super good. So far they can do no wrong.
Best Irish pub in all of Vegas.  Haul your beer chugging team out on Tuesday nights for the trivia smackdown that kicks off at 8pm.  It's 6 rounds of fun and lasts approx 2 hours.  Grand prize is a $100 bar tab credit.  As soon as the game ends, apps are 50% off.
1st Fridays we go to McMullins for Oysters. Yesterday, as usual we met another couple for Happy Hour.  The server "Jennifer" sucked.  Bad attitude. We asked for separate checks, ordered and was over charged for items. She never cleared our table. Only when we got up to get rid of the plates that had been sitting for 30 minutes did the bus person take them away.  When we got the bill. It was one check not split as requested when we sat down.  The server denied we had asked.  More attitude. What troubles me as much is everyone else still wanted to give her a 18% tip.  Why?  For crap service?   We support the establishment by spending our hard earned money.  This server should be fired not getting a $20.00 tip for attitude and crappy service.
Pissed I have to give it one star!  Let me preface this review by saying that I did not eat here.  I did not eat here because upon arrival, the host (who wasn't at the stand when we came in, but had to wait several minutes for him to appear) just walked up and said flatly, "There's no room here. We're full."  My mother, sister and I (all well dressed and very presentable) stared at him in shock at his rudeness, and he said, "We have trivia tonight and there's a soccer game."  The place was indeed very full, and we had come hoping to play the trivia (and were about 20 minutes early for trivia), but there are better ways to handle this, such as merely being nice to potential customers.  Needless to say, this was a total turnoff to ever try coming back to this place.
It been years but use too be regular regular HH at McMullan back in the days (before the smoking law hence the renovation so now inside wall separate smoking section). Loved it! Unlike most bars always find machine on the bar here at McMullan whole area not single machine!! The bar area really nice, they have little cubby hole area at one end of the bar (so can have your own mini party area of sorts), and interior designs with all the little decor spills Irish. They opened up the non smoking side of the bar with since last visit with more bigger tables and even table with pour your own beer from the tap (the prices have no idea; believe it goes by the volume you purchase). I believe on the weekends they play live music on the little stage set up inside and still have trivia night on tuesday believe. The Guinness!!!!!!!! Nothing better in life then drinking Guinness in Irish Pub. But even better is one that done RIGHT taking the time let the beer settle then top off the pint for perfect Guinness. They even till you that up front so if running pinch late that GREAT thing. The vive from moment step in is Irish form the decor, obviously most patrons throwing back Guinness, Harps, or maybe some black and tans, the music play inside, and the food.   The food interesting being years since last visit but yet HH menu still exactly the same. Great thing. I have always been fan of the nachos! Kettle chips Brilliant! When you get too the bottom of the mound nice know that not soggy enough chip hold all the good stuff on top. It mound even half size is lot of food. The sausage rolls best part is the dough on the outside nice hot and moist. The mustard dipping sauce perfect compliment. The fish and chips some of the best fish and chips I had in town. Everything is reasonable price too! HH is awesome!  The only thing that conscious of if Wranglers game night. It can get packed before and after the game. Thankfully some of iceacholics family day drinking (HH) so beat the crowd could enjoy the company. It gets packed the place tends too get loud and since small place gets nuts. Miss my McMullans think need go back more often especially if on Guinness binge. Lol!!!!
Great food, great service and the decor transports you all the way to Ireland. What more can you ask for? Get the fish and chips, you'll thank me.
2 words keep me coming back. Pub Quiz. Fish and Chips aint half bad either.  discovered this place a month or so ago b/c of a friend and we've been tuesday regulars ever since. I'm typically a creature of habit so you'll usually see me with a coffee, bits o fish (appetizer version of fish/chips) and / or sticky toffee pudding.  Never any issues with any of the items stated above. Yes, service is slow and sometimes not so friendly but its busy and loud and what I expect out of a packed pub. Not bad enough to keep me from pub quiz, or fish and chips...  See ya Tuesday !!
Excellent food! Scotch eggs are very good, Aztec burger and fries delicious !  Service was on the line, hence no 5th star.
Came in on a Tuesday for dinner with a client. McMullan's offers pint specials daily and today was Carlsburg.  I ordered the Coast Road Inn Fish & Chips - three beer-battered north Atlantic cod fillets served with fries, coleslaw & tartar sauce. Went great with my cold Carlsburg beer! I heart the decor in McMullan's and later that evening they hosted trivia night and the place was packed.  Service from our waitress was friendly and spot on and I could tell this was a locals joint. Even my client enjoyed dinner and the atmosphere and said he would return to McMullan's just as I would.
Like The Charm of the Irish Isle McMullans Irish Pub delivers excellence on many levels. Intimate settings, personable service, very tasty foods and many varieties you get a terrific flavoring of the senses and at a very reasonable cost. Las Vegas noted for its service has McMullans to embellish the Irish in all of us. Located just west of the Orleans at 4650 W. Flamingo in a stand alone building , this island is a treat to any Las Vegas visitor looking for an intimate evening of dining or drinks or if you are their for Trivia night, a gala confrontation of knowledgeble teams willing to battle to the very end for a chance at a significant prize, McMullans Irish Pub is the place to go. Some tables have their own taps. Ask for Dallas...and get your Pub Quiz sheets...Great Food, Great Times...
Hands down, my favorite pub in town!  I may not drink alcohol, but I definitely LOVE the food and atmosphere at this place. The happy hour really can't be beat, from 3PM-6PM and 11PM-2AM, with 1/2 priced full-size appetizers.   I usually order a plate of the Irish Nachos with Blackened Chicken. These nachos are like CRACK. Fried potato crisps covered in cheese, bacon and chicken. Absolutely delicious.  If you're going just for the appetizers, I also recommend the sausage rolls and chicken fingers, both are absolutely delicious!  In addition to the appetizer menu, the items on the regular menu are pretty damn tasty as well. I love the Grilled Blackened Chicken sandwich, which provides a pretty filling meal for $9.  For the most part, the service at this place is pretty good. There are a couple of bartenders that are less talkative than others, but most everyone is rather friendly.   I recommend avoiding this place on Friday nights, as there is a loud and not particularly great band that plays covers all night (Darby O'Gill and the Little People). Other than that, you're golden!
Great food, great vibe and very nice people.  Enjoyed a great shepards pie.
Pub irlandais situ en dehors du Strip, disons environ 2 minutes en voiture  partir de l'htel New York.  Ambiance irlandaise garantie avec concerts trs frquents (voir leur site internet pour la programmation), nourriture de qualit vraiment pas chre (on est en dehors du Strip, cela se sent!), et accueil vraiment chaleureux.  Ouvert 24h/24, ce pub irlandais est vraiment LA rfrence  Vegas. Pas de problme pour se garer, immense parking  l'exterieur. Et pour ceux qui viennent en taxi pas de soucis pour rentrer, c'est Vegas et on n'est jamais seul ;)  Evidemment il y a la possibilit de jouer aux machines  sous, ou d'acheter des tshirts ou autres vtements  la gloire de l'tablissement. This is Vegas Baby!
McMullan's was awesome! Everything my husband and I ordered was delicious. I read reviews where people raved about the Irish nachos and they did not disappoint! I also got the chicken florentein and my husband got bangers and mash. It's a great atmosphere. Will go again next time we're in Vegas!
It's s Las Vegas's best Irish pub.  Nachos,  are ridiculous ask for a side of onion gravy.  I'm not normally a corned beef guy,  but I gotta be honest,  I crave it from time to time. Their shepherd's pie is tasty, bangers and mash are good,  basically I've never had a bad meal here.  It's off strip behind The Orleans so it's a must stop by if staying there,  and there's no excuses since its a 24 hour establishment with 2 different happy hours.  Call ahead and ask what the $4 pint of the day is.
Love this place, great atmosphere, best fish n chips and great happy hour. The vibe is laid back and on the weekends there is live music, great place to grab a beer after work!
One of the best (and toughest) pub trivia nights I've ever been to.  Plus, irish beers on tap and awesome staff.  This place rocks.
*** This review is for the Shenanigans room only ***  I have been to McMullan's twice for shows.  There is a rather larger room on the west side of the building that is used for plays or other performances.  Last night, I came to see "Stones in His Pockets,"  an Irish play.    The room is just perfect for this kind of small production!  Last night, the room was set up for approximately 50 people.  There are low chairs and chairs that are bar height.  Since you're at McMullan's, there's ample room to put a beer or some Irish style nachos to enjoy while you watch the show.  The people at McMullan's have always been extremely pleasant and they welcome people to the pub more graciously.  Now, I need to go back and have an Irish pie and I'll update my review so I can judge the food.
I absolutely love going here for trivia night, and would a lot more often if my two most solid teammates hadn't moved away. Sob! But they were back for a visit, so off we went, with a few more characters of questionable worth in tow (they were relatives- what can you do)? Turned out great. We had a large enough party to sit in a private room, and with a small crowd, you can order ALL the appetizers and not look fat! (OK, maybe that part didn't work).   We got there a couple of hours early so we could take our time eating and drinking, and it worked out fine. Waitress seemed a little moody at first, but cheered up as the evening wore on (didn't we all?) ,so we have no complaints about the service. The food is good, but bear in mind that, being Irish and all, the cuisine is very heavily potato-based. I have no quarrel with that, but food that heavy does sit a little better when the weather is cooler. Might also help not to scarf down quite so much of it, but how can you leave any of those cheese-a-licious Irish nachos on the plate, even when your huge platter of fish and chips is coming and you KNOW you're going to order the sticky toffee pudding? Have another beer - it will be OK.   Tried the curry flavored pot pie- spicy and delicious, and really liked the turkey burger, topped with (YES!) goat cheese. The homemade potato chip side dish was odd- strange pile of light, crisp fried flaky things. Didn't taste bad, but the texture was dry and more like packing material. Of course, if we hadn't eaten potatoes in 10 other incarnations prior to these, they would not have survived, either. Only loser was the wing appetizer. The parmesan flavor were hot, juicy, and crispy, but a few seconds after the initial bite, you were hit with such an overpowering jolt of salt and sour that each and every mouth puckered into a very convincing sphincter facsimile.   The Trivia was fun and well-run, as usual, and even the scrubs came through, pulling some correct answers out of god-knows-where! (Ex: during the song identification segment, they played the first few bars of a lot of 60's songs. My 23 year old daughter laughed that they all sounded like "Lollipop" to her. So, on the one we had no clue about, we guessed Lollipop, and OMG it was right)! Proves that it's helpful to bring a variety of folks. You never know what they're going to ask.We finished respectably, probably could have done a little better if we quit fighting over the answers and the last of the whipped cream! Not to mention our star player took the opportunity to hibernate through most of it. Oh well- next time!
I can now update my review for McMullan's because we came here for dinner last night before going to a show at the Las Vegas Little Theatre.  While I am not knowledgeable about Irish pubs, McMullan's earns all 5 stars--it was as good as it gets!  I asked our server, Jessica, if we could sit out of the bar area in the small room that is to the right after you enter.  Once our eyes adjusted to the dim lighting, it turned out to be the right choice.  It's a delightful room and just a bit away from the music and the talking in the bar area.  I had studied the menu online before we went, and I knew what I was getting, the Irish chicken curry pie.  Andrea surprised me by wanting the steak and mushroom pie so it was Irish pies for both of us.  We knew in advance that it would be at least a 25 minute wait and we just chatted and I took some photos and explained what was behind the door to the Shenanigans room.  Our pies were brought to us and they were delicious.  I loved the curry taste of my chicken and there was some zing to the curry.  It was much different than the flavors of Indian or Thai curry.  The pastry was very flaky and stayed that way all the time I was eating.  Andrea enjoyed her pie, too.  With both dinners came a large amount of mashed potatoes and a good serving of peas.  All the time, our iced teas were refilled and Jessica checked back often to see how we were doing.   Of course, a dinner out is not complete without the sweet so we ordered sticky toffee pudding for dessert and shared it.  We got it with vanilla ice cream which was put in a separate glass goblet so the heated pudding didn't melt the ice cream.  A winning dish!  During our time here, Mr. McMullan came to the table twice.  He remembered me from the shows I was there to see and he wanted to say hello.  Later he checked to make sure everything was OK with our dinner.  The personal touch of Mr. McMullan, the delightfully friendly server Jessica, and the outstanding food all made the evening a 5 star experience.  And what could be better than this--seeing two Yelp friends and somewhat neighbors, who were there having dinner too!  Hey Candace. and August.  Good to see you again!  We will be coming back to try more of the things on their extensive menu!
Unfortunately our experience at McMullan's was not that good when we visited in early July.  My wife and I went for a walk with the intent on rewarding ourselves with a pint or two at the end of the walk.  We entered McMullan's and went to the bar.  We were the only people in the place.  In a few minutes the bartender, David, came in from the other side.  He later explained that McMullan's has an Irish side and a  Vegas side.  We ordered our beer and he went to the Vegas side.  In a few minutes he returned, and it was like he just remembered and poured our beer.  He again disappeared to the Vegas side.  When he came back for our food order, I asked some questions and he said that he had been working there for six years.  My thought was that he could not treat all customers as badly as he was treating us because no manager would keep staff who are so inattentive.  I concluded that his girlfriend must have been on the Vegas side and that was why he was spending so much time there.  We will return to McMullan's on our next trip to Las Vegas, partly to enjoy the Irish pub, partly to enjoy the Guinness, but mostly to see if the staff is more interested in treating us as patrons.
Is there any good happy hours on a Saturday night? Yes there is!!! I must say this is one of the better happy hours spots I've been to in general. Starts at 10pm and ends at 2 am. Half off appetizers and $1 off well drinks/ pints of beer. Not bad at all.   Started with the Bits O' Beer #2, which consisted of Carlsberg, Stella Artois, Glenance Hefeweizen, Blue Moon and Blackthorn Cider, which was $5. I'm a sucker for a good hef, so I opted for this one. The last three beers were my faves. We ordered the appetizer fish and chips, which was big enough to share. It was good, what fish and chips are supposed to taste like. Also got the steamed mussels, served with a tomato broth. I've had better mussels at Herbs & Rye, so this dish was just eh. Good thing it was half off.  The best part of the night was our entertainment. Older Irish gentlemen playing the guitar and harmonica singing songs requested by the audience. Nothing hip, so don't expect any Jay-Z or anything. He also had a lot of witty sayings like "May the good Lord take a liking to you, but not too soon." Made fun of the other drinking patrons which was funny. Good drinks, good food, good company, good entertainment.
This place is AWESOME!   We were visiting from San Diego and heard about this place through a friend who lives in the area.   He said to try the Irish nachos.  They were delicious!  We also ordered the fish and chips and bangers and mash.  The food was great and so was the beer.  I haven't had fish and chips this good in years.  Service was great as well.  We will definitely come back next time we're in Vegas.
Oh why do I come here? It's mainly because of their daily specials on drinks, their amazing happy hour and I like to be Iiiirissshhh (pronounced: Arrrrggghhh-rissshh).  Drinks: depending on which day you go, it's one type of beer and it'll be $4 pint, all day.  Food: Happy hour starts 10 pm - 3 am? Or was it 11 pm - 3 am? Also something like 6 pm - 8 pm? Sorry I can't remember what time their happy hour is. It just happens that every time I go, it's happy hour! Anyways, it's half off for HH. Do get the fish and chips, nachos (with or without meat), and chicken wings.  Service: Eh, depending on whom your bartender/server is. It's a hit or miss. Sometimes they're your BFF, sometimes they're your ugly fat neighbor that hates your cat.
I went back to McMullan's for their AYCE fish and chips again and was super disappointed.  The fish had a distinctly unappetizing ammonia-like smell. My husband smelled it, I smelled it, and even our waitress smelled it after we pointed it out to her.  A second order was just as bad-smelling. Fish starts to smell like ammonia when it rots and decomposes. Mmm-mmm good.  The one star is for the Irish nachos, which were delicious (we split an order of those instead, after the fish was taken off the bill).  I won't be back.
I went to Vegas for a bachelor party in July.  The groom is a soccer fan and we went to McMullan's to watch his team play.  We happened to go on a Saturday and went for the sole purpose of watching the game with some good beer in hand.  We lucked out and got the table with the tap in the middle so we could refill our own beers. They had a musician playing that night though.  At first we were bummed since it would take away from the soccer game but then he performed.  He was amazing.  He had a book full of hundreds of songs he knew by heart.  He knew tons of Irish Limericks.  He kept the crowd involved and entertained the whole time.  It turned a good experience into a great one. The next time I go to Vegas, I am going to go here on a Saturday just to hear John Windsor again.
Its a great late night spot to get good bar food.  I had the Irish nachos with chicken. I live all the toppings but im not sold on the home made chips. The consistency  was off, but in my drunken haze they were yummy.
This is right next door to the Orleans Casino where we recently stayed....and wanted to eat outside the compound.  The pub offered a nice "bits o' beer" flight of 5 samples, including Guiness, Harp and Mangers Cider for only $5 ......good deal but the cider tasted a bit off for Mangers.   For dinner we had a chicken-enriched salad and Irish stew, where the lamb greatly resembled beef and the only veggies with carrots, potatoes, celery and onions....no turnips or other authentic root crops. Prices were reasonable, ambiance and service were fine, and it was a nice break from the casino atmosphere and noise.
My happy place. A family-owned pub that puts the competition to shame. bar offerings are great and the food is awesome. I could live on Irish Nachos alone.
The closest thing to the Emerald Isle in Nevada or California! Great Irish favs and best Irish coffee too! I have a McCraig card that gets $10 off every $100 spent. So that's a bonus. If you make it down here, and you should, ask for Cassidi. (I got the spelling from my bill.) She's a sweety!
I've been to McMullan's a few times over the last few years.   I've never ordered anything other than the shepherd's pie (AMAZING), although I've tasted the Irish Nachos, and the stew (both are great.)  Friday night, I finally tried their fish and chips:  They were delightful.  The breading was perfect.  Not too greasy, and not too much breading either. They have an all you can eat Fish and Chips night on Thursday night, which I dont think I'll be doing, personally...3 filets were enough for me, but if you have an appetite, definitely do the all you can eat.  Also, I tried a bowl of their creamy potato soup, which was absolutely delicious.    Atmosphere was lovely, and our server was very nice and attentive.   Great value for the money.
Best place to chill an have a good time in Vegas. Easy going great atmosphere. Must visit especially when Jason or zack are bar tending.
loved this place. came here for some beers and fish and chips! came here on a sat night and they had a live person singing and taking request. he was funny too! the bartenders were nice and friendly and we were actually there for their happy hour which starts at 10pm but they informed us it switched to 11pm. which was no biggy. we love it there. always a great time here. made me miss ireland a little bit !
This had the feel of a real Irish pub, and the fare was good too. There are a lot of locals that seem to make a regular appearance, and they are really friendly and accepting. We tried the wrapped sausage appetizer - it was delicious! The bread was flaky like a pastry. We also had the shepherds and Irish pie, both with beef. The shepherds pie was similar to a chili dish. We ordered it with cheese on top and regretted it. It was really loaded with cheese, which overpowered the rest of the dish. Both were really good. As far as beer selection, this place does alright. Of course, they have Guinness. We tried a porter, and it was so good, and thick so that you couldn't even pass a light through it. We recommend this place for a few decent beers, the Irish pub feel, and delicious although heavy food.
The food is amazing!  I have never been disappointed with anything I've ordered.  The service on the other hand is not so great.  This is not the place for "quick" bite as we're usually there at least an hour because of service. I've only been at dinner time, though, so it may be quicker for lunch.  9 times out of 10 they're not very friendly either. Seem to have more fun with each other than bothering with the patrons.  John  Windsor is hilarious and talented, though so I would definitely recommend this place on a weekend. Darby O'Gill  & the Little People plays there often and they are a lot of fun, too! The food and entertainment definitely make up where the service is lacking.
This bar wins my heart with good Irish music and Smithwicks on tap! My two favorite bar food items: chicken tenders and nachos. Both of which are excellent choices here. When ordering the nacho plate, just know that the small order will feed 2 - 3 people alone.  Along with everything else, the smoking room is sectioned off so it doesn't interfere with the entire bar - LOVE this!
My husband and I agreed we needed something new, it had been a while for Irish.   First thing I wanted to try the beer, so I got 'bits of beer' #3, Guinness, Kikenny cream ale, Murphy's Irish Stout, Boddingtons cream ale, and Smithwicks Irish ale. They were all good, some strong and some very light, loved them all!  We got two apps to go with the bits of beer, the Irish sausage rolls and McMullan's Irish nachos. The sausage rolls had sausage stuffed in puff pastry and came with a mustard dipping sauce, they were crispy like a egg roll. The nachoes were not expected, a tower of potato chips smothered in cheese, bacon, onions, tomatoes, chives and sour cream! Like a baked potato but made with chips, very good and very big order, both apps could have been shared by four or more!  For entree's, he got the Irish pie and I got Nanny Mac's Shepherds pie! Both were rich and delicious, filling and warmed my heart!  Carrots, sweet peas and ground beef in a savory broth covered with mashed! Served with brown bread! Yummy.  We still had room for dessert and had to try the sticky toffee pudding with scoop of ice cream! Very good food, exceptional  service and great beer!
The hype in Vegas is 9 Fine Irishmen if you want to go to an "Irish bar". That place is great but way over priced. Do yourself a favor and stop in here. Plenty of Irish draft choices to make you think your in an authentic pub and the Irish nachos are huge, even the "mini" order.
This pub is definitely in my top 3 in this town. There's so much to comment on but I will just include the things that truly made me fall in love with McMullan's.  - $2 chips and gravy during happy hour(regularly $4). The gravy was so good you could drink it right from the bowl. And after several Smithwick's I did just that to prove it. - Buy one get one free drinks when you show them a Las Vegas Wrangler's ticket stub from that night. - Amazing beers on tap including the aforementioned Smithwick's, Guinness, Harp, Boddingtons, and a selection of deliciously tart ciders. - They know how to correctly pour a Guinness! - The live bands are ALWAYS entertaining and many times very funny! - There is a special closed off sidebar for smokers so you can actually go to this bar for a few hours and come home without your clothes smelling all nasty
I was very surprised by the place!!  We went to McMullans after finding nothing worthwhile inside the Orleans Hotel for dinner.  I assumed it would just be typical pub food, but once we started looking at the menu, we had a hard time deciding what to order. Every item on the menu sounded delicious. I eventually settled on the Grand Irish Rueben which was indeed delicious, and the red onion relish that came on it really help set itself apart from typical Rueben sandwiches.   This most impressive thing about this place is what my buddy ordered. He got the Irish Monster Burger, which is a one pound Ground Top Sirloin burger with cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, bacon, onion rings, and 1000 Island Dressing. It also comes on an abnormally large sized bun. I challenged my buddy to eat the whole thing and surprisingly he did.   This is truly one of the better Irish Pubs I have been to and will definitely come back next time I am in town.
Met some clients here for dinner during the week. It wasn't crazy busy as my previous visit which was kinda nice.  We started off  with the Do Dheag Wings - 12 wings, 3 different ways - bbq, hot sauce & lemon pepper seasoning along with crab cakes which were solid starters. We also ordered dinner ala carte. I was in the mood for something different and went for the Irish stew - braised lamb, potatoes & other vegetables and came with homemade brown bread. The stew was hearty tasting and  was really satisfying. I also tried the bangers and gravy which was yummy & could be also a nice appetizer. Another tasty entree is the fish and chips. Service from our waiter was spot on and friendly.   Mcmullan's Irish Pub has a locals atmosphere but I felt comfy and welcome!
The Irish Nachos were a bit bland.  We came in to get an appetizer,  meal and possibly desert. .. but once the waitress took our drink and appetizer order,  she never took our meal order.  I guess if you are not drinking bear or whiskey you can forget about service.
Great and friendly staff which is very important. Food is definitely impressing. Enjoyed my very first Irish coffee I've ever had. The venue is so adorable & makes me feel like I'm in a different place. The live music adds to the excitement in this pub. Definitely will go back and will recommend to my friends & guests of my resort.   Two thumbs up!!!
Been here twice now! First pub I visited when I turned 21 (mostly because I was craving some Irish nachos). Happy hour is so worth it because you get a good amount of food for a very low price. The full-sized Irish nachos was monstrous and delicious. The gravy that came with the fries and gravy was delicious but not overly salty at all. The bits o fish (small appetizer size of fish and chips) were hot and crisp. Beers and ciders during happy hour are $1 off as well. (:  We went on a Friday and there was live music, the whole place was full, and everyone seemed to be in a jolly mood (is it the alcohol?). We were a little lost at first, waiting for a table to be cleared up, but that was handled promptly once we were noticed by a host.  McMullan's was a great first pub experience. Our waitress was friendly and funny as well and I can definitely see myself coming back here when late night hunger strikes!
Great food, great beer, great staff, great atmosphere! I've been going to the bar for many years I've always enjoyed it. Been to a couple St. Patricks days celebrations here as well always a fun time!
Four of us came here. The aztec and Texas burger was unreal. We also had the artichoke dip and were really impressed. The service was also super nice.
I absolutely love this place! I am addicted to the blackened chicken Irish nachos and the Fish N Chips! I would go everyday if my husband would let me. I always say every time i go I'm going to try something new, but i can't! I got my meal free for my birthday with their rewards system! Their awesome!
The food here is great. We really enjoy everything we've had here. The service isn't great but the food is worth the wait.
Best Irish Coffee in town, hands down!  Authentic atmosphere, friendly staff.  Irish Nachos, Fish and Chips, and Reuben sandwich are all delicious.  Definitely worth visiting anytime for good food, fun, drinks, and grub.
A very good Vegetarian burger.   Fries and chips are excellent as well.  Servers are friendly, fast and engaging.   Authentic pub atmosphere.  Give this place a try.
Love this pub I try to come here when in vegas especially on sudays they got a great live irish folk singer who sings tons of irish songs and many more.  The food was great and this place is great for groups.
Love this place!  The food was so good and our waiter,Jen, was fun and really added to our overall great experience.  I will make sure to come back when I visit  Vegas each year.  I loved the Irish nachos. Paula
We came here on no-meat Friday and the parking lot was packed even for early dinner. This is located next to The Orleans. From outside, it looks like your old plain ordinary bar but when you get to the dining area, it's cozy. It's like being at your Irish grandma's home - yup, I'm making that up...I obviously don't have an Irish grandma. The seats are plush.  They have Guinness, Smithwick's, Kilkenny, Harp...and imports such as Chimay, Crabbie's Ginger Beer and Wells Banana Bread Beer. Yum!  All of us ordered the fish and chips. It was sooo good. One of the best I've had ever. Huge portions too. The batter is perfectly light and crisp. The fries weren't seasoned so, season away. The fish and the fries weren't greasy and gross.   We also ordered the sticky toffee pudding but I didn't get to try it - I'd have to come back after lent.
Pay a lot. Hope you love spicy food!  Went here for wings and fish and chips. The fish and chips are a whopping $15 but bizarre enough the wings ONLY come in an extra hot sauce. Why!?  I left and didn't get either. Some people are physically unable to tolerate super spicy foods.  Get a clue guys!
Not sure what everyone is rating.  This place makes Dotty's look upscale. It's connected to a gas station.  We were there this Saturday at 10:30pm and place was tiny,  a few regulars at the bar and no live music.  Place felt old and creepy.  Definitely not a place to take your date.
Blackened chicken nachos are great!  Beware the INSANE portion sizes.  I am no small eater and struggled to get through my half of the "half sized" order.  Half priced during HH makes them a great deal.  They also have Murphy's Irish Stout on tap, a rarity in Las Vegas.  Dallas our server was very nice and attentive.
I guess I could be considered a regular, I live near by, and this is my go-to place. After visiting the UK and Ireland, I know what to expect from a true Pub. It is Not fine dining. There is Not always a host/hostess waiting for you at the front door.  Just walk in, and order from the bar. A server will cruise by, just ask for a table. I find it perfect after work, or on a Sunday early evening. The live music is designed to help you shake off the outside world; Sing and clap along, no one bites! The servers are all great, each with their own attitude and sense of humor. We like Jen at a table, and Zack at the bar. Look around and you usually see Brian McMullan,(the owner) he is very easy to talk to. The Chicken Florentine is sinful, and the Curry is really authentic. BF usually gets the Sunday Roast, (served just like Mom cooked it). Really, it's the best Irish Pub in all of Las Vegas!
Irish nachos are fabulous at McMullen's as is the rest of the menu. Staff is fun and friendly too. Great pub.
If I could give less then one star I would!  Horrible service!  The waitress greeted us by  saying "what can I get you". There was no "hello" "welcome" or anything of the sort!  Epic fail!  The place was very dimly lit which always makes me a little uneasy!  I like to be able to see what is going on especially if I'm consuming food!  There was trash on the floor, and it just was not my cup of tea!  Needless to say we did not stay!  Will never return!
We had the Irish nachos, some cheap shots, and some decent beer.  All in all a good experience, but the place could use a more varied beer selection.
I am visiting  the area near this restaurant for a customer meeting.  I am staying in the area without a car, so I needed to find a place to eat within walking distance of where I am staying.  I found this on yelp and decided to try it based on the high average rating.  Now I am wonder if the bar is different here, if this is a different place, or if I hit a bad night.  I started with the house salad,  Hard to mess up and it was OK.  I am uncertain how it was dressed as all the dressing was on the stuff on the bottom of the plate while the top was basically sans dressing.   My entree was the Steak and Mushroom Irish Pie.  The pie itself was fine, adequately seasoned, served very hot and tasty.  The mashed potatoes seemed to have come from a box; they had the unmistakable flavor and texture of rehydrated potato product, not something made from fresh potatoes.  The gravy tasted like it came from a can.  And the peas were unmistakably from the freezer.  What?  It is the season for fresh peas, the produce markets are filled with them  And there is no excuse for not using fresh potatoes.  The staff was great and friendly, but the food is a definite 'pass' for me.
I go here a lot for Tuesday night trivia and a majority of the time my food is hot,  flavorful and the service is great!
This pub is awesome!! The food is amazing (and by the way they have food that is NOT spicy as well). They have traditional Irish dishes and the Steak Pie and Chicken Florentine are two of my favs!! Must have: Irish coffee and the toffee dessert!!! The bartenders and entire staff seem very nice and friendly- prompt service at table seating. Some of them can be "cheeky" but that's what makes it fun! Atmosphere is very authentic... Intimate lighting as well as live music on weekends. I most definitely recommend this place!!!
Ugh my new favorite! Our waitress was so nice! She recommended an awesome beer and very friendly. The food is amazing! Irish nachos, fish and chips and blackened chicken fettuccini Alfredo was so delish! Love the decor and the music. Seriously in love with this pub. Never even noticed this place was here thanks to yelp for helping me find it!
My fianc adores the Irish Breakfast and gets it every single time. I get the Chicken Wrap and it's always good as are the french fries (or chips?). The service is usually great and they have our favorite Irish beer (Smithwicks). Great atmosphere with cool booths if you're lucky enough to get them. Have been going here for years and will usually stop by when in town.
Came from out of town for a trip to Fabulous Las Vegas, and am a huge soccer fan. After buying the new  USA away jersey at the Nike store at the Forum Shops, the salesman highly hyped this place, and for the USA vs Turkey game, a new destination was high on my list. I may have not calculated the time zone change correctly, but showed up an hour and a half early for the game. Wearing my new jersey, an employee saw me, and instead of offering me a place to sit or a drink to have while I waited... I was greeted angrily/annoyingly by an employee who stated that "you know kickoff doesn't start until eleven." Rude and disrespectful. Leaving, I ended up watching the game at the Sporting House instead. So much for trying a new place!
This place is amazing... off the beaten path, but prob the best irish bar food ever...  the nachos, yah, seriously big, seriously amazing... paired with a beer and that's heaven!  The sherperds pie, damn that is one serious bowl of goodness! It's big, its heavy, its awesome.  the cornedbeef was pretty standard....   all in all a great meal....
nothing beats a pint of guinness double poured
So this day just keeps on going wonderful. Not only a nice experience at Walker Zanger, but after we were done there they recommended coming over to McMullans for lunch. Thanks!!!  McMullans staff was absolutely friendly and service was great. I had a delicious salad special with hot chicken breast tender slices on top of it. Not sure if it was a regular menu item as i just talked with the server and told her what i was looking for...and there you have it ~ they made it for me. Fresh with the right amount of heat.  Definitely going back for some again, not to mention the beer selection was "SICK" in an awesome way! I would say this is a must for World Cup viewing with friends! Let the fun begin.
World cup here for the USA games is awesome... The vibe is patriotic and i love it... If there is one place to be for US games is here... No other place..
Went to dinner on Friday night.  Started with flight of beers...Guinness, Kilkenny Cream Ale, Murphy's Irish Stout, Boddingtons, and Smithwicks.  I am a Guinness girl but I opted for the Kilkenny.  Creamy coffee and caramel flavors, this is great with the hot weather.  We shared the fish and chips.  The batter on the halibut was crunchy and delicious.  The tartar sauce was vinegary in a very good way. Our server was awesome.  How could you not love a beautiful red head with a lilting Irish accent,  We were full so we took the Sticky Toffee pudding to go.  It was delicious...caramel heaven served with whipped cream and dark chocolate sauce.  We had to skip the ice cream.  We will definitely leave room at our next visit.
Decent place to go to have a few beers, although it can get a bit crowded and loud in the evenings. I enjoy the Tuesday trivia nights; if you go, go early to get a table, the place fills up to standing room only fast! The notable downside to this place is the service; I waited 30 minutes on a recent visit before the waitress came around to take my beer order. I asked for water as well and never got that. Also, never got a chance to order a second drink because even though she was around she just never stopped by our table and I couldn't get her attention. In visits past service has been mediocre.
Best pub in town bar none. Friendly bartenders, amazing happy hour and drink specials. Their players club is super as well.   My go-to when I want a quick bite or cold beer. Their food selection is fantastic. I've had just about everything on the menu and not a bad meal yet!
I have been coming here for 6 years and have always had an amazing experience.  The bartenders are always friendly - and in the dinning room, Jen is an absolute amazing person to have serve you.   Also, way cheaper for quality drinks right next to the strip.
Food was ok, waitress was horrible. I get the feeling she really hates her job. She was never around when we needed her because she was constantly busy gambling.  On top of that, she was unable to answer very basic questions about the menu. Next time we'll go to crown & anchor.
Very good food, friendly staff, and a nice calm atmosphere during the late afternoon. The fish and chips was some of the better I've had, and the mashed potatoes are yum. They offer a late night menu, too. Plus, I would feel safe as a female, coming in alone. I will be back.
The service and drinks and food is truly amazing.the fish and chips, and nachos are a mountain of goodness. There happy hour we just enjoyed and will be back soon, the chips with gravy are truly amazing. We will back very soon!
Cead Mille Failte!  One thousand and one welcomes meet you here along with everything Irish.  Cozy warm place with good food and pints.  You will leave with an Irish brogue.
Faux-exposed brick?  Fuck you, Brocach.  Small menu but the food's pretty decent.  update: I can't get an appertizer at 4 PM?  As the kids say "omgwtf?!"
I wasn't all that impressed with this place. The atmosphere seemed alright, but the waitstaff seemed uninterested and slow moving. That and it was rather expensive for just a Spotted Cow. I don't live in Madison anymore, but when I do go back, I doubt I'll come here.
good food and great atmosphere
i'm mostly judging brocach on its ambience since i've only eaten there once and hardly touched my meal (just wasn't too hungry that night). but this is definitely a place i love to come and meet up with friends. the booths are upstairs are big enough to sit 8, and when the rest of the group joins, there's plenty of room to grab a bigger table or just stand up and mingle.   i love the dark wood, the noise level (loud from voices, but the music is at the right volume), the beers. definitely my idea of a good bar.
Irksome gimmicky pub atmosphere, like a classier Bennigan's.
Been here several times, they did a really good job of getting the big city Irish pub thing right.  Great choice of the usual Irish beers and whiskeys and a few surprises.  If you are getting ready to go out for a night of drinking and need to fill up the stomach, nothing will do you better than their Bangers and Mash.  If you finish it, you have accomplished what many cannot, and you will have a satisfied smile on your face to boot.
Who does not love a cool Irish Pub?  The decor on the inside is amazing and that is why it gets five stars.  The inside is much larger than it would appear from the outside and the food and beer is pretty good.
Grade: C-  Sub par food. Good service and decent prices. Think about it: Irish "cuisine". Yuck.
My wife and I have returned to Brocach's because of the fine ambience and customer service.  This time we sat outside with a glass of wine and took in the beautiful view of the capital and all the activity on the street.    Our waitstaff was friendly and helpful.  A bit slow but they were busy and we wern't in a hurry so really didn't matter.  Inside is pub like and cozy.
Right on Capitol Square. Real nice Irish pub, the name means "badger den" in Gaelic. And if you don't know my now the significance of the BADGER in Madison, well then, I suggest your brush up on your history, or suffer the consequences at the next Wisconsin football game.   Didn't go here, but I have coworkers who have, and raved about it. Wide selection of ales, single malt Scotch, and Irish whiskies. Here they have pretty good pub food, and no matter where you are on the Square, this is not far from you. Sits directly across from the capitol.
Great food!!! One of my favorites in Madison!  I always get the meze platter and caeser salad but everything else i've had there has been great.  (And the baileys cheesecake is the best dessert you'll ever have)
At first glance, this place is your typical Americanized-Irish pub. You know, the gaelic phrases on the wall, Guinness and Harp signs hanging on the wood-paneled walls, and a roaring fire.   But upon closer inspection, this place is actually pretty cool. The bartenders are personable and remember repeat customers. The atmosphere is warm and inviting - the kind of place full of good people, good beer, and good times.   So, stop by sometime, put your feet up, and enjoy a night out amongst friends.
Ahhhh, Brocach.  The place with the funnest name (which my friends and I usually yell out as "BREAKAGE!").  I guess it's not entirely fair of me to not rate this place higher, but I just wasn't impressed by their food the time I ate there.  It was passable, but just not anything spectacular.  I *do* like their bar upstairs for when I'm feelin' fancy.  They have excellent champagne cocktails on their menu (and if you know me, you know how I love to indulge in one of those).  The decor in the upstairs bar area is gorgeous, and is completed by quite the view of the Capitol building right outside the windows.  I'm never bothered by the clientele or the waitstaff.  The only problem is the steep drink prices!
I think I'll hold all Irish pubs to this standard.  I had an excellent time, and an excellent dinner of bangers and mash.  Excellent decor... it felt historic.  Great service, and the other patrons (looked like it attracted many of the suit-wearing capitol types) weren't loud or obnoxious on a Wednesday night.  I know I'd stop in there at least a few times per year if I still lived in Madison.  It's in a pretty convenient location downtown.
This is a 4 star drinking experience. Comfortable tables, booths, and chairs -- great pub-like atmosphere reasonably priced beverages. (compared to the establishments nearby)  Also there's a distinct lack of hipsters and wasted fratty college students. Most of the time the staff is extremely personable and friendly. (and the rest of the time they're nice.. never had a problem there!)   I had to subtract a star from the 4 star drinking experience because the food (coming from a pescatarian) isn't really that great, but then again it's Irish/British food -- two cultures not really known for exotic or savory flavors.  However, if you're around the capitol stop by for a drink!
The food here is pretty darned good for a "pub". I've had some great risotto and a darned good fish fry at Brocach...which are two things that don't normally come from ONE place. If I was a beer or whiskey drinker, I'd be a happy camper, for it looks like there's ample choices in both. It's actually nice decor, themed without being too campy. It does get pretty loud in the downstairs bar area, so I favor being upstairs. The view of the capitol from upstairs is breathtaking, anyhow. I'd sit at that window all night...if it weren't for fear of becoming "that weird window-lady".   If anyone were to wander up to me on the street and ask "Where's a good pseudo-Irish-pub, lassie?" I'd point my finger in Brocach's direction.
I'll have a Guinness, please.  This place is great. I love the fact that you can come here and be social and chat up new friends, or stick to the blokes you came in with. The main-level bar area has always seemed to me to be more conducive to socializing among the crowd, whereas the bar upstairs has seemed less so. And, if you're really looking to isolate your crew from the crowd, there are plenty of large (high-backed) booths to choose from too.  I imagine if there's any bar in town where you can get a Guinness mixed drink that goes beyond the clich Black & Tan, this would be the place.  The one thing that really needs the management's attention is the one-holer men's room. I'm not sure about the ladies facilities, but it's got to be the most awkward men's room I've ever used.  Now, about that Guinness?
Brocach has earned the extra star mostly due to ALWAYS fantastic service, excellent drinks, and the perfect setting for my department's Christmas party.  The food was fantastic!
Old Fashion was the non-dive go to bar of 08. For 09, I'm choosing Brocach.   Tuesday night in January was empty, but the emptiness has its nice side. I got to explore everywhere in the bar without hesitation. This place is beautifully constructed. Love the sofas, and booth throughout the bar. Nice. I can appreciate the grown-up sophistication while sipping on French 75.  Ladies, if you have to go to the rest room, go to the 1st floor's. The upstairs' door doesn't clothes completely. Unless you are a fervent fan of 1920 deco, I'll stick to the pretty, auto-flushed down stairs one.    I want to try the food next time with a pint of Guiness.
Very interesting atmosphere here. Super dark, tall ceilings. We had a friendly server (totally bored because the place was dead) and my husband and I both ordered the salad special. It was yummy, and huge, and the drinks were strong (like everywhere else in Madison). It was the middle of the week and were practically the only patrons. I'd be interested to see what they are like on the weekend.
Food is good, drinks are normal-priced, and it is a good place to go with larger groups because they have such large tables- the best part, though, is the happy hour!  Half-price on all whiskey/scotch over $7, Guiness and a shot of Bushmills for $6, and buffalo wings for 25 cents each- unbeatable!  only drawback is that happy hour is only from 4-6pm, so plan ahead to get there with enough time to enjoy this!
Great place for dinner and atmosphere.  I was doubtful of the possibility of eating healthy in an Irish pub (or in the midwest, for that matter) but they actually had a good selection of creative, fresh salads, in addition to yummy looking meaty pub fare.  It felt immediately authentic as the host who seated us talked with an Irish brogue.  The large stuffed chairs and decorations on the walls made it feel as if we were in someones home (or castle.)  Great place for an out-of-towner to stop!
One of the first things that overwhelms you when you walk in the door, is that is actually resembles an Irish pub without being a cheesy impostor. There are comfy, oversized booths as well as some of the largest wooden tables/chairs.    The menu is inventive and every time i've been there, all diners have been satisfied with their choices.  Whether it be the fish n chips, salmon, or dublin city burger (topped with the besssst onion rings) Brocach knows how to please their guests.  There is often irish bands playing, or at least a harp and bagpipes.    The upstairs boasts a swanky lounge/bar that also offers an awesome view of the capital.  Prices are bit steep for drinks if you are a student, but compared to other nicer places near the capital, Brocach is a great deal.
Big portions, great great great waiter service.   Ordered a roast chicken with sweet corn stuffing. They gave me an entire chicken half.  The leftovers lasted two more meals.
Top rating for one reason only:  Wednesday nights + incredible musicians gathered around an upstairs table playing Irish music + two Dark and Stormy cocktails = a stellar way to end your Hump Day.
Had a late dinner here friday night... it was alright. The atmosphere was pretty lively, with lots of dressed-up young ladies, gangs of dudes, bachelorette parties, and the like. Husband and I got two salmon dishes - BBQ salmon salad and a grilled salmon entree. Sad to say, we should have ordered two salads - it was about $5 cheaper and far more satisfying. I have a problem with dishes that don't warrant their price, and I definitely felt the salmon entree suffered from this condition. The sweet potatoes were fine, not noticeably sage-roasted, and the apple slaw was minimal and without dressing. The salmon salad was bountiful with a surprisingly spicy vinaigrette. The service was mostly inattentive. My noble rogue cocktail was the highlight of the meal.
Very nice staff and reasonable variety of menu.  I dream about their beet salad - SO good!
In my crusade to find the best fish fry in Madison, my partner Jason O. referred me to the Brocach's Friday Fish Fry Special. For a mere $14, they serve an all-you-can-eat fried fish special.   As soon as you walk into this restaurant (especially on a live music night) you feel like you've just walked into some Lord of the Rings tavern expecting Aragorn to eye you as you are seated. The atmosphere is very warm and very stereotypically Irish.  Although the service was a bit inattentive and slow, when the fish came out, it was fantastic. The batter was well seasoned on these generous planks of fish. The chips portion was good as you didn't get completely full on potatoes so that you could have more fish! The coleslaw was interestingly different as it was seasoned with some curry powder and included raisins mixed into the cabbage and mayonnaise mixture. I didn't really care for their tartar sauce as it seemed lacking in flavor, but that missing flavor was made up by the delicious fish.   If you're hungry and have the appetite for a huge plate(s) of fish and chips, I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Try the Bangers and Mash...they make it with an apple sauce that is really good!
One thing you need to know about me - I don't like Brocach. Like for real.  It's pretty boring, and feels so manufactured- maybe its the stucco on the walls, the fake irish decor, or the $6 Guinness', but I sigh every time that I get suckered into going here. Give me a break.  Two redeeming qualities: they have a scotch egg on the menu :) and their brunch is fairly legit with BOGO bloodies on sundays (I think)
Went here on a Friday night, wasn't too packed that it was hard to move around or find a seat. Just the right amount of people! Didn't come for food, just some good ol'fashioned drinking which I found to be quite expensive. Typical stocked bar and nothing extra special on tap, unless your totally in love with Irish beers.  In my opinion this place isn't anything special, especially being located on the square. Better off just bypassing.
Worst Bar Bathroom in Madison  It's upstairs in a back hallway. Supposedly, the lesser known louvre. More like the louvre that not even the owner knows about because it's f-ing disgusting. There's one stall for an entire floor of intoxicated chicks. The door kind of closes, so you have to meet it just right with the door frame or it'll only close partway, making it look like nobody's in the stall. Not good on period nights.  The toilet isn't fastened to the floor, so it tips when you sit your drunk ass down. No idea why no one got around to bolting the toilet to the floor. Seems like a given, but, hey, this is the worst bar bathroom in Madison. Anything goes. Seriously, though, customers shouldn't be able to tip your toilet like a friggin' cow.
I had to spell this about 6 different ways before I found it - and I've been here probably 10 times.  Eep.  Anyway, onto the review.  We came here on New Year's Eve with a party of 8.  They shifted uncomfortably, said they would look around, then took us upstairs to a nearly empty bar.  Seriously, I know a party of 8 without reservations is a faux pas, but don't feign busy-ness just to make us feel bad about patronizing your business.  I started out with the potato leek soup which was very tasty.  Definitely recommend.  For dinner I had the Shepherd's Pie, which was delicious - though a leeeetle dry and a little too salty in the meat.  The meat was traditionally mixed with peas, with a big pile of mashed potatoes on top.  Somewhere in there either I needed a side of gravy (yes, I'm a fatass) or it needed more butter - but nonetheless, meat + mashed potatoes = mmmm.  I complemented my meat pie with a Stella, about which there is nothing to rave or complain.  Most of our table either had the regular Shep, veggie Shep, or fish and chips, and we all left satisfied.  The fish and chips looked awesome - crispy, thin batter, served with steak fries.  The veggie Shepherd's Pie was also reportedly good, with our veg friends saying it tasted just as good as meat... which I suppose is a compliment to fake meat, since I think it usually sucks.  Why you wouldn't just eat meat then, the world may never understand.  Our waiter was pretty good - he even kept separate checks for each patron, which was nice.  He kept messing up the names though, so I was like, "Either don't try to remember our names, or put the tickets in some sort of order, because we just have to correct you each time.  But really, thanks for splitting the checks...it's a big pet peeve of mine when you don't do that."  Anyway, despite the "we're so busy" shenanigans at the beginning, I was really happy with dinner.  It gave me a fabulous base for all that New Year's drinking, and it wasn't too pricey either.
love this place.  Relaxed and classy.  Best Guiness around.  They also have the best burger I have ever eaten.  Little spendy at over $10 but... Wow!
Has anyone ever been to an irish bar that didn't seem priced beyond what it should be?  What is it about "irish bistro" that warrants doubling prices?    I mean, its meat, potatoes, and cabbage....seemingly always for $12 and up, washed down with a $6 and up beer.  I'm not even too sure there is a defining "irish" thing about the the irish bars except for a little more woodworking and high prices.  Disclaimer: I rarely like irish bars, in case you couldn't tell from the above.  Disclaimer aside, brocach is actually one of the better "irish bistros."  Food is decent, but not worth what it'll cost you.  Has a decent irish beer selection, but it's probably also not worth what it'll cost you.  Especially when you can get the same beers elsewhere for less.  Nothing has really stood out to me that I've eaten.
Had the Fish and chips, wife had the Shepard's Pie. Food was great. the NE Clam Chowder is awesome. We were in late, and the service was ok, but not fantastick
While I still cannot pronounce this place- it doesn't matter as all you have to say is that you are going to the "Irish place" and everyone pronounces it for you. But if you are a trivia nut like me- Brocach is Irish for Badger Den- now how appropriate is that for a bar located in downtown Madison home of the Wisconsin Badgers??!   On the night we were here -it was hot and humid. We opted to sit outside with an excellent view of the Capital but until the sun went down, it was pretty warm. The patio consists of 6 or so bistro tables but check inside with the host first if you plan to sit out there. Inside- there is a long, dark wood bar and plenty of tables between the two rooms.   We ordered beer and a Meze platter which was basically two kinds of hummus, warm pita points, feta cheese and a small artichoke and tomato salad. Perfect for a hot night although hardly Irish.   But if Irish food is what you want- they have it here. Shepard's pie, Fish and Chips, Bangors and Mash, Irish stew- all the favorites are on the menu. They also have a wide range of imported beers, and a good selection of unusual Irish and Scotch whiskeys. According to the bartender- they also have Irish music on select nights.   So the next time you are little for a little "green" on the "Square"- check out Brocach. Best Badger Den I've ever set foot in!
To the people who sat by my significant other and I last night in Brocach,  I apologize. You see, we were both starving. I'd just gotten done taking the LSAT and he was--well, visiting his old fraternity. Both of us just wanted good food close to our hotel.  And when we got our food (I, the Brocach Burger and a Pinot Noir, and he, the corned beef and cabbage with Cap Brewery's Oktoberfest) and had it, well, I imagine the moaning sounds were probably off-putting.  I apologize for our dramatics over how good it was, but it really was worthy of all that indulgent noise.  If I may make it up to you by suggestion, try the Brocach Buger. You'll come to understand why.
I think Brocach is a solid option in Madison.  The menu is pretty diverse and the food is quite good for a pub.  Price are decent, maybe a little high.  I would say dinner entrees range from about $9-17 or so.  They have more traditional Irish options, like sheppard's pie or bangers and mash, as well as roast chicken, burgers, pasta and a few vegetarian choices.  As you would guess, they have a number of good beers, as well and wine and cocktails. Their brunch is actually good too.  I don't think that many people realize they serve it, because it's never that crowded.    The place is large, so there usually isn't a terrible wait.  I don't remember every having a problem with service.  Atmosphere is nice.  They have typical Irish pub dcor, and the inside is well-maintained.
I went to Brocach with a friend for lunch on a Thursday afternoon, and it was great! The atmosphere was inviting and warm, and created an idea of what the style of the restaurant was like immediately. The restaurant wasn't crowded, so we sat down right away, and our waiter was friendly and prompt. We both loved our wraps and sandwiches, I will definitely head back!
Very good food and nice ambience. I recommend the scotch eggs. So good! Great location too.
Holy Fish Fry, Pacman!  A friend and I were in Madison for a concert a couple of weeks ago and were walking around the square trying to decide where to eat/drink.  We stumbled upon Broach and both had the all you can eat Fried Haddock.  It was very very good!!!  Nice flakey breading and the tender juicy meat inside cooked perfectly.  Being two hungry boys after the drive from Chicago, we must have eaten several pounds of fish.  The fries were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, done right.  Atmosphere?  Easy to be in no bullshit Irish pub with good food.    Were I living in Madison, I would try some different dishes as they have a good variety.  But if/when I'm ever back on a Friday, I'd probably opt for the Fish Fry again.
The main entrees I've had tend to be either served cooler than I'd like or are a bit under cooked. Their prices are also a bit steep for the quality of the food. (Bill for one with dinner, two drinks and dessert =  $35) The exception is the Bangers and Mash, which has always been excellent. Their desserts are pretty good. The Bailey's cheesecake was delish, but the Guinness chocolate cake tasted like a frozen bake & serve that had been baked a few days ago, then popped in the microwave for a while to make it warm. The main things I like here which also give my rating a boost are: The service which is always really good, interesting Irish themed drinks and the fabulous live local Irish bands. The live music tends to get pretty loud, so if you want to have a conversation over dinner, get a table in the upper area.
Very cool Irish Pub atmosphere.  In fact, probably one of the best irish pubs in Madison.  I've been here for lunch and occasional happy hour after work and never been disappointed.
Great place any time, but especially for happy hour. Burger or pork sliders are fabulous and adding 12 wings is the topper. The drink specials are great and are a super time to try higher end whiskey or Scotch, not to mention a good old Murphy's stout.
I was very pleased with this restaurant.   In contrast to my recent visit to another restaurant on the square this place really met my expectations and then some. The staff was very nice, there was plenty of seating with a lot of room between tables, the menu was simple and straightforward.  I ordered the Irish Stew which was delicious with perfect portions of mashed potatoes and bread.  The price was appropriate for an excellent meal. I was a little disappointed that my waiter didn't ask me if I wanted more to drink because I did.  He put my bill on the table as if he was saying, "time for you to leave".  But this poor finish was not enough for me to lower my rating. I look forward to going back with friends and/or family with hopes of having just a little bit better service.
I had a Dublin burger, and a Steela beer. Food and drink  was Ok. The enviornment is great!  The people, the decor and my waitress are friendly. Just feel comfortable to be there. Certainly a place to drink again!! hahaha..
This is what I always hope to get when I wander into an "Irish pub," but have been conditioned never to expect. While other such places demonstrated the extent of their Irishness by hanging up a couple paper shamrocks and serving Guinness (I'm looking at you, Monday's), Brocach's has gone all-out with it. The entire exterior and interior has been intricately molded to look like an old Irish pub, minus the "old" part. They've also managed to go all out with the menu. If you're looking for corned beef and cabbage or shepherd's pie in Madison, this is the place to get it.   It was unbelievably crowded in there when I walked in, and I figured it would be a nightmare in here. But I was then lead upstairs to a room lined with couches, tiny red chairs, a full bar, and people giving away free food to protesters. The table that sat down next to mine started playing Irish music.   I ordered myself a Harp's from the tap and a Kilkenny Burger. Egg, red pepper cream cheese, bacon, and onion rings; it speaks for itself. I love when a pub comes up with an original burger that actually works.The most memorable thing about that burger was the quality of the ground beef they used. It was perfectly juicy, almost like a steak.  Dinner and drinks for two cost about $40 after tip and tax. Not the cheapest burger I've ever had, but for this quality, it was more than worth the price. I'll certainly be returning here, but I'd avoid the bar rush considering they packed the first floor on a Wednesday.
I can't say much about the food, but the bar is cool as hell.  The service was impeccable and the waiter kept the black and tans coming all night.  He also had some good suggestions for microbrews as well.  Knowledgeable staff and good service = "Yay! I'm a fan."
What Can I say about a True Irish Pub that brings you joy in the mouth, fullness of the tummy and keeps your wallet still intact. I have frequented Brocach several times over the years, discovered impeccable lunches, celebratory dinners and outdoor patio adventures in the warm months.  Brocach is a "have to repeat that" kind of pub.  Personally I do love the Roasted Beet Goat Cheese salad with the Pistachio Vinaigrette . OMG   We (meaning son, friends  etc) have experienced so many incredible dishes, fine Irish Whiskeys,true Black and Tans and some of the most Authentic Irish Cuisine this far from the Isle itself.  Love the bartenders (some of the more fine things to behold in my opinion)  oh stop...and the Music..ambiance is unbeatable. You must visit and experience. I insist.  I leave you with this...  Some Guinness was spilled on the barroom floor when the pub was shut for the night. Out of his hole crept a wee brown mouse and stood in the pale moonlight. He lapped up the frothy brew from the floor, then back on his haunches he sat. And all night long you could hear him roar, 'Bring on the goddam cat!'  Slinte!
This is a 5 star review for the fish fry, which was melt in your mouth delicious. Had to slooww it down on the walk home after eating because we were so full of fish, in the best possible way. Don't miss out on the marble rye bread! And curry cole slaw was a nice touch, too!
Quick review: solid pub-fare food, better than most offerings.  A bit pricey, but atmosphere is wonderful.  A good place to meet for an informal dinner with friends when good conversation, good food, and a cozy environment are required.  Detailed review: We stopped here on Sunday night, after spending the day in Milwaukee at the Bucks/Knicks game.  Arrived at around 7:00pm and we were starving, so when the host was able to quickly seat us, we were more than pleased.    I was immediately struck by the vibe and feel of the place - cozy, but open; a mix-mash of furniture; ornate/medival hardware; some dark wood; and lots of faux finish.  Curtains served as dividers and a large, dark wooden bar looked inviting.    We promptly ordered a round of drinks, and two appetizers: beer cheese dip and the Lounge fries (essentially loaded fries).  Drinks arrived after a short wait; appetizers arrived within 10-15 minutes.  The fries were excellent - crispy, with hints of bacon, scallion, tomato, and a respectable amount of cheese.  Ranch and barbeque sauce (Sweet Baby Rays?) were served on the side.  The beer dip was great, and came with a soft pretzel and sliced veggies (carrots, celery, and bell peppers).  Could've used another pretzel or two, especially for the $10 price tag.  We ordered a round of burgers - the Kilkenny and a Guiness burger, and an order of the peppered pasta with steak.  The food arrived within 20 minutes; our server was scarce at best.  Thankfully we didn't need much by way of refills.  When the Kilkenny burger arrived, I discovered three perfectly cooked onion rings sitting on a bed of red-pepper cream cheese spread, a burger (featured a nice char, but was over-cooked... I requested medium-rare and received well-done), a slice of bacon, egg, and a nice roll (sourdough?).  Despite it being over-cooked, I dug-in.  The verdict?  Underwhelming.  I never really tasted much of anything... the bacon didn't jump out, nor did the egg or the roasted pepper cheese.  It was... well, just a burger.  :-(  After reading the rave reviews for this thing, I had much higher expectations and hopes.  I ate half of it, along with a few more fries, and then called it quits.  I was bordering on full, and had the burger been "to die for," I would've finished it, but alas, it wasn't worth it.  I felt bad only eating half of a $12 burger, but it is what it was.  We saw our server for a minute or two as he dropped off and picked-up our checks.  And with that, we left.  I'm told the pasta was good and that the Guiness burger was decent.  Brocah = MEH  Value = 1.5 stars (over-priced, but decent food) Food = 3 stars (better than standard bar fare) Service = 2.25 stars (scarce) MISC = 4 stars (great atmosphere)  The funny thing is, I find myself wanting to return - I'd like to go grab a beverage here again and give them another shot.  I guess that's what good atmosphere will do for a place.  It's not bad, just don't go in expecting a "top 5 burger" - upon further review, I'd have enjoyed a Culver's burger more.
Food wasn't exciting, but at least I could buy a Magner's Cider.
Being from the UK, I find the concept of Irish themed Bars a little baffling, but really liked this one! They didn't only serve Irish beers, but had a nice little selection of local brews, which made it all the more unique.  It was a very dead night in Madison (we think all the students must have gone home), so we sat outside and enjoyed wonderful views off the capital building, which was all lit up and only steps away.   All in all a pleasant evening with great drinks, decor and service!
I love this place so much that my fiance and I chose to have our rehearsal dinner upstairs in the lounge (reserved for no fee).  The atmosphere is so unique and cozy.  There's really no place like it in town.  The food NEVER disappoints.  Their chefs must really know what they're doing because their food is the kind that makes me say, "This is soo good," after every bite.  That's how you know I really love something.    For brunch try the corned beef and hash--to die for!
Great Irish pub in Madison.  Love the decor inside and out in the front patio. You don't feel like you're in Madison anymore.  Excellent fish and chips here, BUT I have noticed that over the years, the portions for fish and chips have gotten smaller.  It makes me want to come only on the days when they serve all you can eat fish and chips. I think, Fridays???  The roast chicken is another one of my favorites at Brocach. yum.  If you want something on the healthier side, order the greek salad with chicken.
A fun place to hang out, especially when the bars further down State Street are crawling with students.  Good beer selection and pretty decent food.  Oh, and Brocach has the most amazing black bean burger I've ever tasted.  Seriously.  I don't care if you're normally a carnivore, order the black bean burger and cherish every bite.
visited this spot on the spur of the moment because it's directly across from the capital where they do the concert on the square with a colleague and her dad from out of town. i love irish pubs. my staple is to immediately go for the fish and chips. i seem to judge a pub on this dish, aside from any ales they make on tap (if it's a micro brew). but my eyes scanned the menu and i got caught up with some very uncharacteristic choices.   we ordered the sweet chili shrimp for starters. very nice skewer of large shrimp and who can resist sriracha sauce? for an entree i ordered the lemon pepper fettuccine in an olive oil with mushrooms, leeks and parmesan. you have a choice of chicken, steak or salmon, but because i was such a fan of the shrimp, i asked my server if i could order it with shrimp instead. she told me they didn't serve shrimp... huh?   i reminded her that i just had shrimp for the app, and she goes, "oh! no, those are PRAWNS." i couldn't help but laugh at this. nonetheless, i asked her to check with the kitchen to see if that would be possible. when she returned, she said they couldn't do it. funny. how hard is it to sautee a few shrimp and toss them on some pasta. right about now i'm regretting not getting the fish and chips. but i simply order another shrimp app with the meal and tell her i'll put the shrimp in the pasta my damn self. sheesh.   food is good though. a little heavy handed with the oil, but the texture of the noodles was good, the flavor was pretty nice and light, and of course the shrimp set it off. place was noisy like a pub which i liked and expected, happy people having a good time.  good beer choices as well. i'll be back for the fish and chips.
The food was excellent and our large party enjoyed the variety of beers on tap. As a vegetarian, I had many options, two of which proved to be delicious: the potato leek soup and the cheddar melt. Our waitress, Tasha, was pretty rude though. I'm guessing she ignored us and gave us terrible service because she knew she was guaranteed the 18% for our group of 8 or more.
Ate lunch with my wife here.  The food menu is not very large (one sheet - front and back), but it has a lot of traditional items on it, and they offer a daily special if you feel like saving some cash.  The drink menu was quite a bit larger than the food menu (part of being a "pub" I suppose), but I was unable to sample off of it due to having to return to work.  Food was surprisingly very good for the simple dish that I ordered.  The environment definitely works - it's basically what I imagined in my mind's eye of what a traditional Irish pub would be, which I (sadly?) picture being like The Prancing Pony from the Lord of the Rings.  Large wooden booths, dimly lit, a little dingy, almost castle-like.  At first when you walk in it seems almost *too* dimly lit, like a dungeon, but eventually you adjust to it and it normalizes.  Will probably return sometime in the future to try some more traditional items off of the menu.
My husband and I started out with the beer cheese dip appetizer.  It was delicious.  It was 4 generous pieces of amazing pretzel bread accompanied by slices of bell peppers and carrot sticks.  The beer cheese dip was great...I maybe could have used just a little bit more though...we ate every last bit of the dip.  For dinner, my husband order the corned beef and cabbage entree.  After insisting to him that I do not like corned beef, he finally got me to try it.  I bet he wishes he wouldn't have...because after that I was sneaking bits of meat off his plate for the rest of the meal.  It had so much flavor and it almost melted in my mouth because it was so tender.   I would highly recommend trying it!   I ordered the shepherd's pie which was also delicious.  It's the perfect comfort food...meat and veggies topped with delicious mashed potatoes.  It's a very hearty meal, and I thoroughly enjoyed my leftovers the next day.  They also had live music which was very nice.
I went here with a large group of my family (a party of 8), and was pleasantly surprised when they were able to immediately accommodate us at 8pm on a Friday night with no reservation. The dcor isn't that great, but I am willing to overlook it because of the fact that we had couches to sit on at our table and the food was, with a few exceptions, pretty good.   With a party the size of ours, we tried a fair amount of the items on the menu. Their loaded fries, or whatever they call them, are awesome! They were immediately demolished by our table. The beer cheese was also delicious, and the steaks we had were perfectly cooked. My two complaints about the food were 1. Their fried fish was bland (my party concurred) 2. Tooooo much pepper in some dishes. Their potato leek soup tasted like the cap fell off the pepper while the spice was being added and they just went with it. It was just too much. This was echoed in the lemon-pepper fettuccine alfredo, but was still a pretty solid dish even with the peppery burn to every bite.
Delicious wisco fries (chili, cheese curds, and spinach)and pretzel breadsticks. You also should try the scotch egg, which is a hard-boiled egg in wrapped with sausage, which is then breaded and fried.  It sounds scary but is actually pretty good.  Bar service is great and they have fantastic late night drinks specials.  $5 glasses of wine and stoli doli martini.
I'm a huge fan of this place.  The Irish food at this place is absolutely fantastic and definitely holds a candle to the food I've had in Dublin and Galway.  The atmosphere is top notch, and they have a decent selection of beers on tap (I think it was 12ish?).    Price is more than other places in Madison, but it's not outrageous since food/drink seems to be cheaper in the area overall!  $12-15 for a main dish.
We just moved to Madison and are SO HAPPY to have found Brocach. I have never been impressed with Irish pubs, so for me to say this is pretty big!  We went once for brunch, and I got a delicious yogurt parfait. The yogurt was done very well -- not too sweet, not too tart. They also put in some dried fruit to give a really interesting texture next to the fresh fruit and granola. Derek got the crazy crazy dish -- fries with cheese curds, beef brisket, poached egg, hollandaise sauce. He couldn't finish it and was so full for hours. I also loved my cocktail - Irish lady!  Last night, we went there for dinner. We started with the beer cheddar cheese dip. The pretzel breadsticks were absolutely heavenly. The cheddar tasted great with the raw veggies, too.  Derek loved his burger, and his beer, and found that part satisfying. I got the black bean burger ... it was eh. I liked the pretzel bun, but the black bean burger was quite dry. I put a lot of mustard on it to moisten it up and then that flavor took over. I wish they'd work on the recipe a bit there because I know it could be so much better! I did enjoy my strong Paddy Mint, though.  Dessert? Astounding. Cheesecake flavored with a bit of Bailey's. YUM.  Also -- great seating and great decor. The service is pretty nice, but we did expect more niceness from Madisonians. Music was well done and very fun!
We just went for brunch again today ... and sad to say, we were disappointed. :( Maybe it's because the first two times were such a success?  Mostly we wanted to point out that the $3 side of asparagus was extremely disappointed, laughable, and totally overpriced. It tasted okay but I assure you, you can do the same thing at home with an oven and some olive oil. They gave us about 6 pieces and just threw them on a plate without any thought for presentation. I felt quite cheated -- it should've been a dollar at the MOST. Boo.
After walking around Madison for a while, I decided to give this a try for dinner - and enjoyed it enough that I went back a second time a few days later.  Great beer, good service, and tasty food. Nice atmosphere, too.  There are lots of interesting restaurants in this area, and this is one of the tops.
The last time I went here I was served sweet potato fries that gave me and five of my friends horrible diarrhea. Instant one star for lack of proper food safety.  They were delicious though.
New to  Monroe Street this Irish Pub has the atmosphere of Ireland without all the smoke. Great service, food and from what it looked like from a teetotaler, a good supply of Guinness.  The Fish & Chips, and the Mac & Cheese were hot & tasty.  We'll be back.
Had brunch here on Saturday. I decided to try the fried chicken Benedict. It was splendid.
Food was just overcooked and sat in the window for too long. The Irish coffee is usually good, but sucked when they were busy. They took the stuff we didn't eat and drink off the bill. Everyone was awkward and didn't know how to handle us. And we got walked past empty tables and sat at some tiny table next to the kitchen
I've been to Brocach for the past few weekends and keep wanting to come back!  It's got a great vibe and is full of a variety of people- from the suits enjoying the end of their workweek to older students in jerseys and jeans.  Last night, I ordered a drink and didn't realize it came with a cherry (which I'm allergic to).  I mentioned something to the waiter and he immediately went back to the kitchen to check the cherry type, then remade my drink and brought it right back.  The entire time, he was super nice and even apologized for not mentioning that it came with a cherry, even though I should've been the one who asked him!  He served us with a smile and was very accommodating, even though the place was pretty crowded.  I definitely recommend it as a great place to relax and be around a bunch of welcoming people, customers and staff alike.
Brocach was just what I needed to satisfy my fill of Irish ambiance. Thankfully I had Yelp to rely on while searching for Irish grub last week.  Carol K.'s review peaked my interest and did not disappoint.  Thank you Carol K.!  We were there on a Tuesday night hoping to enjoy good Irish food and traditional Irish music.  We didn't get the live Irish music (not surprising on a Tuesday night), but we listened to Irish music piped throughout the restaurant while enjoying our Irish dinner and traditional Irish beverages.    Cait was our waitress and was on point with her recommendations and timely check-ins.  Cait shared the drink specials which allowed us to have more of what we originally requested (plus an extra shot of whiskey for another $1!).  This was such a good deal that I'm sharing the breaksdown of this special.  DRINKS: Husband's Irish beverage of choice:  -Guinness - reg. $5.25 (half-pints available for $3.75)  - John Powers - reg. $5.25 (2 oz. shot of Irish Whiskey) *Special = $6.25 for a pint of Guiness and shot of John Powers  Wendy's Irish beverage of choice:  - Jameson and coke is what I requested; however, Cait's recommendation was to take advantage of the *half-priced Irish Whiskey & Scotch special and upgrade to the 18 yr. Jameson with a coke on the side.  It was perfect...and I only had to cough up $6.00!  FOOD: My husband enjoyed the shepards pie and said it was good, but needed more meat, veggies, and gravy to go along with the heap of mashed pototoes. He can't wait to come back and try the Irish Stew.  I ordered the fish and chips.  You can't go wrong with Harp battered haddock filets. Everything was very fresh and with just enough fish and a good portion of "chips". I probably ate too many of the chips since they were really good and I can't stop once I start eating them with the malt vinegar.  Certain meals are served with brown bread and I think it would be a nice touch for them to include Kerry Gold butter on the side. It's from Ireland and it's good...no need to elaborate.  MUSIC/AMBIANCE:  - Music lineup is good if you can catch them on the right days and times.    - Live Irish music on various evenings...approx. 7 nights per month.  - Great ambiance with traditional feel throughout the restaurant and pub area.    - There is also a second floor (which I did not go up to) and you can view an interior balcony area from the first floor of the restaurant.  TIPS:   - Check out the music lineup on my photo (as of Nov. 2011).  It is not on their website.  - Happy Hour is every day 3-6PM and 10PM - Close  - All you can eat Fish Fry on Friday's.  $15 from 4:30 - 10PM  - I saw a sign in the restroom that promoted Private Parties with no party room charges.  - Trivia night: Sunday @8PM w/ drink specials and prizes  - Brocach is pronounced BROH-kaw  - Parking can be tricky.  Some meters have 15 min limits or 1 hour limits, but will take all of your coins if you drop them in the meter.  I was a little confused since our meter indicated a 15 min limit with a 1.5 hour max time.    I will definitely be returning to Brocach whenever I'm in Madison.  Hopefully, the Irish bands will coincide with my schedule. I'd also be interested in trying them out for breakfast sometime. My standards are pretty high for a proper Irish breakfast...so Brocach, I hope you're ready!  Slinte!
Went there on a Tuesday night and while place was empty, they sat us in booth towards the back next to the service bar and near the restrooms...sat for 10 minutes for a drink order, mind you the manager was sitting at the bar with her back to us just talking to bartender. Finally, the waiter gets there and we give him the full order (drinks+meals). Drinks and food came promptly...the Ruben was very tasty.  Overall food quality is good, however service was seriously lacking! Staff including manager should be more aware their guest!
In full disclosure, I have been boycotting this place since they botched my wedding rehearsal party 2.5 years ago. A bride never forgets.  However, I was forced back there this week with co-workers. I was seated in a booth with an enormous hole in the center (think toilet). The black bean sliders were bland and mushy, served on a dry bun (guacamole was promised, but not delivered), with the tiniest shred of rubbery cheese on top. Two of us ordered this and both of us agreed - never again. I tried a bite of the truffle fries and they were pretty good. Although, I would eat cardboard if you drizzled enough truffle oil on it. The Guinness is solid, for America.    The kicker. They inquired about whether they could seat another party in our booth - like, with us. It took everyone by surprise but me, since that was the same thing did for my wedding rehearsal dinner. Two parties in the same room.  But that time they didn't ask.
Friendly staff. Good Irish brews and food. Had breakfast here with a friend. The sausage with the bangers and mash was excellent. I had the lox which was pretty great too
Is it too late to sign up for the Crazy Lakes run? Because all these extra calories need to go somewhere!  My friend and I both ordered the all-you-can-eat fish fry for $15. The price is a little steep for what basically is fish and chips, and after ordering, we realized that we should have probably ordered only ONE all-you-can-eat to split and ordered another salad/side...but I guess there's always next time, because i KNOW i will be back for their fish fry Fridays...sometime in the way, way future when my body has finally finished detoxing/processing all of the oils I just consumed..  The fish fry came served on a bed of thick cut french fries, with a side of curry slaw and some sort of marbled rye bread.  The fish was well cooked - flakey and tender - and I thought the beer batter added the perfect crunch to the filets. YUM! The tartar sauce that came with the fish was  delicious as well!  Although the fries were amazing piping-hot, as they started to cool down, they started to taste kind of bland... but no matter, the 5 stars go entirely to the fish fry. DELISH. Madisonfishfry.com, you've got to add Brocach to your top 10!
This past March, on my our very first trip to Madison, (from Chicago) my partner and I decided on food and a Pint at Brocach's.  Even though it was a little chilly that day, we had a couple pups with us and decided to brave the elements and sit outside.  The vegetarian Sheppard's pie was amazing as well as the Guinness, but that is not the only reason we fell in love with this place.  A homeless man, who appeared to be under the influence or living with mental illness, decided to claim a table at the outside seating area and disrupt other customers.  The manager, (do not know her name but she appeared to be in her late 20's with blond hair, came to diffuse the situation.  I have never seen such warm and beautiful treatment of another human being by restaurant staff.  I'm sure it happens, but I think our first instinct is to yell and scream and call the police.  This manager asked the man to leave, allowing him autonomy to do so.  On the third attempt she helped him over to the bus stop, entertaining his ramblings and protecting him from the hard concrete that he was destined to fall to!  When she returned, I praised her actions and she said it was nothing as she retrieved a glass of water for this gentleman to rehydrate with.  While trying to run an establishment, this amazing woman took the time out to help a fellow human being, and treat him with the respect that I am sure not many give him.  So to you blond manager, thank you for being a wonderful human being!!  Everyone should visit Brocach's if in Madison not only for the warm service, but for the food too!!  For a couple vegetarians at an Irish pub, our meals and beers were amazing! Vegetarian Sheppard's Pie and Guinness ftw:)
Alright so this place was probably my favorite of the whole trip to Madison. First.. Murphy's. That is a DELICIOUS beer! Second.. Sheppard's pie. Awesome! Service is awesome, place has AC, great location.. Wish I could try more but alas, time limits. I had several delicious beers here that I will definitely remember!
I have eaten here several times while staying at the Inn On the Park nearby.  Tonight I ordered a "Dublin" burger.  It was kind of terrible.  Meat was cold, sauce was colder and overly sweet, and it was missing the mushrooms and bacon advertised.  Just...nothing.  Had a salad with it that included fishy-tasting Caesar dressing.  One of my friends had shepherd's pie which he described as tasting "like a hamburger with peas in it."  Service was adequate.  Overall, not impressive.  Dunno if I'd willingly go back.
Ok, here for an event and nothing was open. We were parked right in front of the Brocach on Main.   Checked out the menu, it sounded good.  Went in, placed an order for two salads.  One Chicken Ceasar and one Southwest with a crabcake.  So, the Ceasar....incredibly disappointing.  Bland.  Runny dressing that didn't taste like Ceasar.  Iceberg lettuce only.  No romaine or anything.  They even forgot the cheese on it.  The chicken was actually tasty but very small in portion considering they charge an extra 4.00 for it.   So 12.00 for a very boring salad and an extra 1.00 for an extra side of dressing.  Pathetic.    The southwest salad, the guy who had it said basically the same thing.  Very bland and boring.    The crabcake, pretty good was the answer.  All in all, way over priced and bland.  To somewhere else.
Let me start by saying... We went on the best night on the best day with the best weather. This place was awesome. Live irish music on fridays, phenomenal bangers and mash! The shepherds pie was pretty good. The sweet chili shrimp was yummy, but just as expensive as my entree, so I didn't think it was worth it.   Overall, apps are way over priced, but the beer, irish dishes and atmosphere totally made the place. I drank a delicious snakebite. But the bangers and mash had this apple saute on top that blew my mind. GET THEM.
Visited on a Saturday during the Farmer's Market with family, and so glad we did.   The Restaurant has so much character and ambiance, the Menu is a traditional Bar/Irish pub menu with lots of options.  My father in law had the fish and chips which looked great and he raved about. My wife and I shared the poutine which was great.  Service wasn't great but wasn't terrible either. We will definately come back.
I held my wedding reception here for about 40 people and was given the run of the entire upstairs for the night.  We had a great time and the service was wonderful...we hit a few snags but were always able to work it out quickly and without any of my guests being any wiser :)  I would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a laid back but still classy place to have a private party and especially to the budget bride who doesn't want to pay thousands of dollars just to rent a reception venue.  They even recommended a cake maker who turned out to be an excellent choice, she did an amazing job on our cake and really contributed to some beautiful memories.  We had our own wait staff and bartender and all of my guests told me how much they enjoyed the intimate atmosphere...not really any room for dancing (although we did use the small area near the front as our private "first dance" area) but neither one of our families are the dancing type...although if they had been, there certainly would have been room if we had wanted it.  We used the private party menu which had some very good choices available and at reasonable prices too.  Overall the ambiance was intimate, the staff were very friendly and attentive, and we had a great time, as did all of our guests...and the best part is that I was able to arrange all of this by email as I live in Portland, OR!  Caitlyn and Sam were both very helpful and gave me some great advice on how best to use my limited budget and it turned out beautifully.
The best Fish Fry I have had. Good pieces of fish with a thin crisp coating. No skipping on the fish part. On Friday you can get All You Can Eat. The service was excellent and a great Irish atmosphere. Was dark and loud music is playing FYI.
Both my husband and I grew up in the restaurant industry. We are very critical of where and what we eat. This is my first, and will probably by my only, 5 star rating.   We have been to Brocach many times. Each time we are impressed with the food and the service. We generally go to dinner on a Friday, Saturday, or Sunday evening around 7-8pm. We've always been greeted and seated right away.   The salmon is unbelievably good. Most places dress salmon up with a sauce because it can be a fickle fish to prepare. it can be underdone, or overdone. The Broach's salmon was prepared perfectly! They are so confident in their ability to cook a good salmon, that it is served minus a sauce. Superb all around.  My last meal was the Berkshire Porkchop. I took one bite and had a religious experience. Definitely recommended!  Besides the food, the service is great. Management has always been present and our servers have always been exceptionally knowledgeable and polite. In fact, our server last night, Zack, actually ASKED if he could take our plates when we  were finished. That is a level of politeness rarely found in these days of 'feed 'em and get 'em outta here' mentality. We never found ourselves waiting for a server, our food was served quickly, efficiently, and was excellent. The management and servers are warm and inviting.   Because of the prices, this is often a once month or every other month splurge for us. But the cost is worth how delicious the food is!
We stopped at Brocach for dinner one Saturday night after walking around the square and being met with long waits at several of our other dining options. Brocach had available seating and we jumped on the chance to avoid a wait.  Normally, the lack of a wait would make me nervous, but we went with it & I had heard good things about Brocach in the past. I shouldn't have worried, though. The restaurant seemed to fill up within minutes of our arrival and there was a crowd of people waiting to be seated when we leave about an hour later.  Enough about the wait or lack of it - on to the food! My husband was "starving", so we got an order of lounge fried immediately. SO GOOD. Although how can fries smothered in melted cheese + bacon be bad? Yep, it can't. I ordered a salad and a cup of potato leek soup for my meal. The soup was delicious, the salad was just ok.  My husband ordered Bangers & Mash at the recommendation of our server. He really enjoyed it. I tried a bite too, and LOVED the added sweetness from the apples. He also ordered a couple of drinks, and enjoyed the large & creative drink menu.
Stopped in out of the rain on a Wednesday night on my way to local recommended, Graze.  Wish I had brought an umbrella.  Don't get me wrong.  I like irish pubs and this one is not bad.  The Brocach's beer was good and the irish whiskey collection tempting.  The brats that I ordered were also good, though if I was to do it again or offer any recommendation it would be to ask for the apples and sauce to be on the side as it overwhelmed the other flavors.  Just the same for $13, I can forgive quite a bit.  Then again, I would have been happy to pay more should it have inspired the wait staff to be more welcoming.  College hang out + college age wait staff = college age disinterest in "customers" or "trying to do a good job".
I love me some good Irish pub food, and Brocach fits the bill.  As a fan of the Milwaukee location, I was glad to see that the Madison spot offers equally tasty fare.  They accommodated our group of 8 with reservations during a busy conference in the area, which was great.  It was a slight headache to explain split checks to the waitress, as they have a policy against splitting beyond a certain number.  Thankfully, it worked out easily enough.  I ordered the potato leek soup, which was surprisingly delicious.  I probably could've made an entree out of that alone.  However, I paired it with the Rachel (turkey Reuben), which was so, so, so good.  Great food, beautiful location right on the Capitol Square, and helpful staff.  Worth visiting again.
Dude... for a pub, the food here is superb.  No joke, I have had every single one of the Irish specialties on Brocach's menu, even the vegetarian shepherd's pie (and I'm a meat lover). They are usually both quality and quantity. So if you go to here, you can probably pick anything in that section and it'll be a safe bet that you'll be satisfied (maybe not, since you'll probably want to come back and try the other stuff). I'm also a fan of the Irish Stew. It's an interesting and original dish, with beef, lamb, and veggies cooked in Guinness broth. Give it a shot if you're brave.  Sadly, I haven't had anything other than the Irish specialties, but I'm sure the other stuff is good too.
We went to Brocach's during the last day of restaurant week and were seated right away!  I had the Beer Cheese burger and it was really good!  The atmosphere was fun and it wasn't too loud to hold a conversation.  There's a ton of delicious sounding food on the menu, so we'll definitely be back!
Their burgers... yuuuuuum! You honestly can't go wrong with any of their burgers.   On top of that, they make a mean Shepard's Pie, do a great Fish N' Chips and serve some delicious soups.   Oh, and not to mention, they have a pretty extensive drinks list.   I get it, Madison, you have some amazing pub food. Now if only there were more Chinese options...
Delicious food - lots of vegetarian options. I highly recommend their vegetarian shepherd's pie, which is nearly impossible to finish. Perfect comfort food.
Quiche is huge and delicious! Changes daily.
Eh.  For the big Irish pub on the square, this is just average.  I like the ambiance.  It is a place to sit and have a pint while chatting with friends.  It never gets too loud.  Upstairs, the couches are fun, almost Alice in Wonderland inspired.    Prices are a bit high, but if you happen to luck out for happy hour then you are golden.  They have happy hour everyday from 10pm to close.  It is a nice place to end your day and get a deal.   I have had their food a couple of time.  It is ok.  I am just not overly excited about this place.  They always card. ALWAYS.  Kind of annoying because I am obviously over 21 and there creates this HUGE congestion at the door.    I do not hate this place but I do not love it.
BURGERS. Burgersburgersburgers. Eat them here. Especially the Dublin City. I don't like Guinness at ALL, but I loved the Guinness Stout sauce on that burger. Everything on it was cooked perfectly (fried onions, bacon, the burger itself, and there were no green vegetables involved--but sometimes it's just good to have an honestly unhealthy burger, you know? I also tried a bite (or two...or five) of my friend's roasted beet salad, which was SO delicious. I love a good goat cheese/fruit salad, and this one was awesome. The pickle that came with my burger tasted more like a cucumber than a pickle, but other than that, the food was amazing.  Service was great too. Our server was friendly, quick, efficient, and got all our orders right with no problems. I was also really impressed with the host staff--we came in at about 8 on a Friday night with a group of five, told them we were expecting to have seven of us, and they seated us right away at the couch-booth-table-thing! So great.
I met a couple folks here after dinner to watch a game. Although the crowd is much older than what I'm used to at the other establishments around the capitol, it was a nice reprieve from the college bar scene.  I wasn't in the mood for a beer, but they did have a delicious pineapple infused vodka sitting in a water dispenser on the bar that caught my eye. Get it on the rocks or in a martini, either way, there is more than enough pineapple juice to cut the taste of vodka. Dangerous.
Full disclosure: I don't think much of UK cuisine. It's always struck me as bland and obvious, both in conception and execution.  Maybe that admitted bias is why I ordered the Reuben Breakfast Burrito for my first visit to Brocach. The contents itself were done fairly even if the corned beef was (deliberately?) over seasoned. The eggs could have used some pop and suffered from the same overcooked problems most scrambled dishes do. I also wouldn't have minded some more kraut. The burrito's dough was tremendous however, light and flaky yet miraculously able to contain its contents. The potatoes on the side were also well cooked and not overly salty.  The service was excellent, I might add.
Got ripped off majorly here. Unprofessional service and indifferent staff. Disappointed because of nice ambience.
Great atmosphere reminiscent of an Irish Tavern with traditional Irish food nicely presented in good size portions at a moderate price
We have been to Brocach on a few occasions in both locations. The staff are good and attentive. They can cater for celiac and have a list that can help you decide. I always like the full Irish breakfast. My wife got a biscuit with egg, cheese and rasher with a side of breakfast potatoes and fresh fruit. They changed our order because it had a sauce we did not request, so a whole new portion of potatoes and fruit. I think it is priced fairly well.
Man, other people really love Brocach on Yelp, huh? It's fine, if you invite me there I will totally go with you (so, not 8 Seasons Grille. I will not go there, no no no, you can't make me), but it's not as good as other places in the same price range in Madison, so why? Why are we going to Brocach? I've been there a bunch, to both locations, but I can't remember what I ate, what I drank or the servers. Because they were meh. I guess you want meh sometimes, so in those time, this could be a good choice.
I've been coming to the Brocach for seven years, since before they even employed "Sinjin," everyone's favorite con artist (http://tinyurl.com/m8mer6t - for some reason, the article confuses the Brocach with the Claddagh; no wonder people aren't buying newspapers anymore). It's now my favorite place for bar trivia in Madison, though the drinks and food are fairly average.  First, the atmosphere. The bar has two stories, with several different seating areas and table/booth options, and an outdoor patio. It's a little dark, as a proper Irish pub should be, with heavy dark wood and plush padding on the seating areas. It can get loud on the weekends and during St. Patrick's Day, since there isn't much on the walls or ceiling to absorb the sound. The bathrooms are kept clean and well-stocked, and they even (finally) fixed the lock on the stall in the upstairs women's bathroom. The patio area is small and can sometimes seem cramped, and drunker patrons will sometimes smoke out there. It's normally not too bad as long as you're sitting indoors, but sometimes it wafts up and in through the second-story windows (which are open during nice weather), which is fairly unpleasant for a non-smoker like myself.  Second, the staff. They're great, absolutely one of the highlights of going there. They're very capable, and enforce certain rules when they need to do so. Marcos and Sam currently run Sunday night trivia, though Sam will be departing soon, and will be replaced by a long-time trivia regular. They're funny, friendly, and conversational, and they're great at knowing the regulars - Marcos always remembers to talk to me about the latest Lifetime Movies (a shared campy obsession of ours). The other night, I asked for a Diet Coke and Sam gave me a regular. I noticed immediately, and he profusely apologized and rectified the mistake right away. They also give great advice about the beer and scotch selections, and will pour beer samples if you're interested but unsure. Sam and Marcos do a phenomenal job of juggling trivia questions and answer grading, pouring drinks, taking orders for food, running out plates, and clearing away empty glasses and dishes, all at the same time - not easy! I've never had bad service here.  Third, the entertainment. Trivia is on Sundays. The teams with the best names each week get free whiskey shots for each of their players, and the names are one of the best parts of trivia night. The Brocach staff write their own questions, a welcome difference from the dreaded Team Trivia WI with its incredibly stupid 15-point final question. Their questions are interesting. Some rounds are weekly fixtures: current events, a picture round, a matching round, potpourri, and occasionally literature. They announce two of the trivia subjects each Sunday afternoon on their Facebook page, which is nice. They're also really responsive to questions posted on their wall as to whether a usually-scheduled event will be taking place on holidays. They do take requests for round topics, which is great! There tends to be more of an emphasis on pop culture and media, and somewhat less of a focus on sports, which my team loves. I've also been to open-mic nights, which are great. They do a great job with the artists; nothing too loud or grating. When one regular open-mic performer had an album coming out, the Brocach did a mini-album release party for him, which was great. Live Irish music nights are fun as well, though it can get fairly loud pretty quickly if you're near the band.  Fourth, the food and beverages. Both are somewhat overpriced, although the happy hour deals aren't bad. The potato leek soup and Greek chicken salad are fairly good, but not standouts. The lounge fries are addicting and delicious, and they're great for sharing in a group of 4-6. The beer cheese dip is pretty gross; I'd recommend avoiding it. Their corned beef (in both sandwich and with cabbage) is pretty knockout, as it should be at an Irish pub. The reuben is delicious, although a bit greasy. The thick-cut fries are great! The Brocach burger is serviceable, but the black bean burger can get pretty dry. My boyfriend is a big fan of the fish fry. Another favorite of mine is the shepherd's pie. I've never tried the main courses, though - they're comparatively very expensive. The servers are excellent at listening to order modifications. I have a friend who despises pickles, but I love them, so every time we go together, he asks to have his pickle put on a separate plate for me, and the server remembers! The tap beer selection is diverse and seasonal, but quite good, and there's always a beer on special for trivia nights. The scotch and Irish whiskey list is phenomenal (Old Midleton is insanely expensive and worth every penny when you drink it neat). The mixed drinks are fantastic, especially the Irish coffee, but a bit expensive for a regular night.
First off, I am an Irish born (Tuam, Co. Galway) Irish-American. This is one of the worst FAKE Irish pubs I have ever been in, reminds me of an Irish themed Chuck-E-Cheese. The management was rude, wait staff was rude..food and drink far to costly. $12 for a bloody shot of Redbreast, are you freakin kidding me. I ordered the Salmon, cuz its hard to FU fish, but they did. The salmon was over cooked, very small, and very costly. DO NOT GO TO THIS FAKE IRISH PUB.  have been in Irish pubs all across Ireland and the world and trust me when I say this is as fake as fake gets. Stupid Yanks will pay almost anything to think they are in mt country. Wake up America, don't go into overpriced fake Irish pubs. Take the money you would spend in these places, save it an go to Ireland.
Great beer cheese dip.  Irish Stew and corn beef and Cabbage were wonderful.  You know how some Irish-American restaurants "americanize" their Irish food?  That is not this place.  Very authentic flavor and presentation.
I really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really like this place.  I'm not one for Irish Pubs, really. I mean Guiness is alright and everything, but I much prefer an American craft stout generally speaking. And Irish food is pretty straightforward, right? Root vegetables and beef. That's what I thought.  I don't know how, but Brocach has completely changed my view on this point. Their bangers and mash were downright dream worthy, and the cool cave-y ambiance really struck a chord with me.   It's got a nice location near the capital and they have a big projection screen so they can show movies for parties and whatnot. It's a good setup. Service is prompt and prices are only slightly more than what I want to pay.   Given how the bangers and mash were so darn inventive, I don't even mind the slightly above-comfort cost.
Cold as hell and overly sweet would sum up my brunch experience today.   I wouldn't say I had a stellar first time at Brocach.  It was literally the coldest restaurant I've been in-we had a group of 18 people and every single person was unimpressed with the temperature of the restaurant.  If you have a warehouse of a restaurant, you really should be prepared to ensure your customers are not wearing their coats while eating.  Additionally, by the time food gets to your table, its cold too.  No one seemed to complain because I'm guessing at that point, we'd burned so many calories shivering that we were desperate to eat.    I ordered the carrot and ginger soup-thank goodness they forgot to charge me for it because it was so sweet that I seemed to be able to taste the sugar granules.  I'm not interested in food that a restaurant has to make so sweet that you can't taste any other flavors.  My quiche was huge...quantity over quality.  The crust was soggy and really just not very good.  The salad had a dressing that seemed to be sprinkled with sugar dressing.    The servers were nice and the restaurant itself is beautiful but that was about it.
CORNED BEEF HASH.   It is good and you should get it.   And on that note, I would like to state that I experienced one of the best meals of my life in Madison at Brocach for their weekend brunch. Yes, it involved the hash.   The slow cooked corned beef, caramelized onion, and house potatoes are all just beautiful. Add some egg whites, wheat toast and asparagus and life is good.
The ambiance is Ireland-touristy rather than authentic Irish pub, if you've been lured into Bunratty Castle soon after landing in Shannon Airport, you know what I mean.  We came here after being discouraged by the disorganized looking long wait at a very nearby highly rated breakfast place one Sunday morning after checking out of the Madison Concourse.  This place had no wait (Sunday morning at 11) which raised suspicions, but I had high hopes for Irish breakfast.  Then I saw that they have poutine!  If you've never had poutine, it's a Canadian way of getting high cholesterol and dying early.  I wouldn't even know what poutine is if it weren't for Mayor Rob Ford of Toronto's antics, but now that I do know, I prefer my poutine without cocaine.  Here, they serve it with their Hollandaise sauce, which isn't quite right, ask to substitute their brown mushroom gravy instead, and that is the best way to undo any healthy diet you may be trying.  The Chief of Staff tried their biscuits and gravy which was okay, I think the way to go here is poutine plus Guinness on draught (is there really any other way?).  Service was good, really much better than what we saw around the corner at the top rated brunch place, next weekend morning we're in Madison, we're coming back here.
Had some cocktails here during the winter festival. The atmosphere was great. We didn't eat so I can't comment on the food but the service was very good and we will be back. I'd recommend as a nice bar to gather at and I know they have live music as well.
Brocach is great for dinner, private events, or a weekend night out. There are two bars (one upstairs and one downstairs) and the place is big, so it is easy to find a table even on weekend nights. The "Stoli dolis" (vodka that has been soaked in pineapple!) are on special late at night and are AMAZING but beware they are way stronger than you would think. I have been to a few private events in their upstairs area and the space is great for about 25 people. The food is traditional irish fare (not my favorite type of food but they do a nice job) and the service is always great.
Wow.  This place is a delicious cure for a hangover.  A group of 8 of us came here for breakfast on New Year's day and all of us left stuffed and satisfied.  We came a little after noon and they were out of biscuits, but since 5 of us had planned on ordering them, the cook said he'd make us some more.  Well worth the wait... they were fluffy clouds of excellence.  I had mushroom gravy with mine and it came with 2 eggs (your choice) and a mountain of potatoes.  My husband had the Brunch Poutine with fries covered in cheese curds, eggs, corned beef and hollandaise sauce.  He said it was fantastic.  We had bacon, sausage, and a fruit plate while we were waiting for the biscuits to be made and all were good. The fruit plate came with granola that was super tasty.  I had a mimosa that was pretty good, but in hindsight I probably should have avoided because it tasted a little too much like the night before.They had a special buy one get one free bloody mary and they were definitely the better choice.  They were garnished with a pearl onion, mushroom, olive, and a pickle spear.  Our waitress was amazing, and the hostess and manager (?) were super accommodating. They made us up a table and put us right in front of the fireplace.
I don't know if I went on a bad morning or what, but my brunch was just barely edible.  It was served only lukewarm, the eggs were soggy (not exactly sure how to describe them?).  The whole thing was actually pretty forgettable except for my disappointment in the food and my annoyance with the slow and pretty dismissive waitress.  The place wasn't even full and she took forever to come around to us again. Also, I gues I would have thought most prices were overpriced for that food - but I really did not appreciate paying so much for soggy eggs I could have made better at home. Only the company (a good friend) saved the day! Not a fan.
Great bartenders, wonderful service, and OH MY GOD, their bangers and mash will blow your mind!  They are very well staffed, and table waits are never very long. And although the food menu is not terribly extensive it is full of authentic, delicious Irish food. And if you want a big menu to look at, they have an insane variety of whiskeys, all of which the servers and bartenders are very knowledgable on.  Easily the most underrated restaurant on the square. Most definitely worth a visit.
Great atmosphere. Great food. Great price. If you're looking for a delicious and interesting place to eat around madison i would definitely recommend this place! I had the bangers and mash and it was very tasty. Mashed potatoes all day erry day
Shame when a pub uses cheater pints.  Cheater pints being the industry term for 14oz glasses, and advertising pints.  OTOH, service was prompt, food was great.  Braised beef, house IPA.
Today at Brocach was a total miss.  My boyfriend ordered the poutine with corn beef which came out so cold the cheese curds didn't melt into the fries.  Corn beef had great flavor though.  I ordered the crab cake eggs benedict.  It was served barely warm and one of the crab cakes was about half the size of the other one.  I later ordered a pancake from the menu and was told they took pancakes off the menu. When I asked why they were still on the menu if they weren't offering them anymore the server checked with the kitchen and they made the pancake.  I was grateful but when the pancake was served it was half their normal size.  Don't know what was up with Brocach today but they had the B or C Team working the kitchen.
Bangers n Mash. AMAZING. This is my first experience with Irish cuisine and I most certainly approve of Brocach. I will most definitely be back!
Wooohooo absolute incredible Irish pub!!! The bangers and mash are a must!!!! I love the whole vibe of the place. Order a Guinness (or 3) and some whiskey. I can't believe I haven't tried this place yet. Again the food alone will have you coming back
I went here with some friends on a Monday evening and we all really enjoyed the food. Everyone started with the potato leek soup. It had a nice, light flavor and while it didn't necessarily stand out for me, it made for a nice start to my meal. I also sipped on a Manhattan and a Cha Cha Cha while I waited for my entree, the bangers and mash. I had to order it after reading all the positive reviews on Yelp and I was very pleased! Each component of the dish tasted well on its own and came together for a very flavorful, well balanced meal. Everyone else was happy with their orders, which were the Irish stew and fish and chips. The service there was pretty spot on, but it wasn't too busy either considering the day. Either way, I will be back again for sure!
Sadly, this is just not the place for me.  I usually give a restaurant at least three tries before they go on my "never to return" list.  This one is on that list.  I don't know if it is just the deeply irish menu or what but I was never able to stomach anything I ordered.  Understand, many of my mates who dined with me liked it and return.  The atmosphere is great.  Decor, inviting.  Service and staff were fine, but nothing I remember as being mind blowing.    It really just boiled down to the food that was either cold, bland or fatty.  It was unappetizing to look at much less eat.  Oh, and as much as I love being culturally minded, the bag pipes really do set my teeth on edge.  lol  Having said all that, this is a very personal review and one that simply means I won't be going back for a fourth visit.
I can't tell whether the reason I haven't liked Irish bars in Cenpho proper is that I was spoiled by San Francisco and Galway or whether they're actually just not that good.  But that's my dilemma with Rosie's.    It's not bad, per se, but I don't know any bar that I would consider "bad".  It's just a little...disappointing.  Great Irish knick-knacks on the walls and a good variety of Irish beers.  Passable pub food and an oft-occupied stage complete the picture.    But something about it seems lacking.  It doesn't seem to have that homey feel that I always look for and something about parking in a Toys R Us lot is disturbing, especially on one's way to toss back a few pints.
Great, divey Irish pub with live music and good beer on tap.  The beer menu is not as extensive as some places, but the laidback crowd, and cool atmosphere make up for that flaw.  We gathered here with a group of friends and had a great time and a lot of booze and our tab was super cheap.  Parking is a little scarce, but once you find a spot and step inside you can kick your feet up and have a jolly good time.  Cheers.  Only complaint is that there is not enough room by the band.  People try to crowd around and it is nearly impossible.
Located on the north side of Camelback, east of 7th St. (right next to the defunct Toys R Us)  For a quality cold draft beer and good home style meat and potatoes ("must have" potatoes in an Irish Pub) lunch or dinner this is a winner.   A kitzy, cozy, neighborhood hangout - come in your jeans and tell stories - walk home, or take the bus since it's right on the bus route, if you've done too many 16oz. curls.  The action here on St. Patrick's Day can't be beat.
great beer selection great live music great atmosphere I used to live across the street and nightcap it here everynight. there is always something to be had at rosie's.
Three and a half stars.   Good selection of Irish bars and good live Irish music. There aren't many bars in that immediate area so if you live nearby this might be your saving grace.   The St. Patty's Day festivities are my favorite part about Rosie's but it's never a bad time. I have had a couple of those rub-my-eyes-reread-the-bill moments when it occurs to me that car bombs are both expensive and intoxicating (though not one much moreso than the other). Food is good, but wasn't very memorable. Good, laid-back scene and mostly nice people, with few transplants and a high percentage of locals, which can be refreshing around FBR time.
This place is right up my alley.  Smithwick's on tap- check Awesome fish & chips (award-winning for a good reason)- check Good pub vibe accompanied by live music- check A nice soccer following (the unofficial bar for Glasgow Celtic supporters- not my club, but good enough)- check  I'll go with 4 & 1/4 stars.
Sadly enough, Rosie McCaffrey's is like my Cheers --- not because it's so great, but because I can walk there, they know what my drink is, I can get schnookered and follow the breadcrumbs back to my house.  Come to think of it though, there are people there who resemble Norm, Sam and Woody.  The crowd is all over the map depending on the day of week.  A friend of mine sardonically describes it as a straight version of Padlock --which if you know what that means then great.  But if not, it's better that way -- trust me.  Let's just say it can be a bit of a meet market.   Weekends are crowded and tend to attract a fun upper-20s, early-30s party-hearty crowd -- the Tempe crowd 7 years later, I suppose.  It attracts more of a mainstream crowd than say George and Dragon.   Bands perform on the weekends.  But to be honest I can't even tell you what kind of music or what they sing.  They have a lot of beers on tap (Harp, Guinness and such) and strong liquor pours.  Tom is a rockin bartender. Weekdays are more laidback with a steady happy hour clientele of alcoholics, business crowd, Central Phoenix locals, Irish expatriates and rugby people. The jukebox is OK, but there are better jukeboxes in the area.  The feel inside is your standard Irish chotchky clutter, but it feels like an actual old house with the whole upper level.    Oh yes, and the pub grub is pretty good.  The fish and chips here are deserving of their reputation.  Great batter. The hot wings are also a good choice -- lots of meat and tasty Harp-soaked sauce. Stay away from the club sandwich -- the bread is soggy and the American cheese kind of ruins it.   BTW, St. Patty's day is CRAZY here. Yeah there are Irish pubs everywhere, but this is the only Irish pub for miles around -- so the crowd here was huge and spilled into the parking lot.
Thank goodness there's no shortage of Irish pubs in Phoenix. Rosie's is certainly one of the best in the Valley. The bar is warm and inviting.  The staff is friendly. And there's a lot of return customers, giving the bar that "Cheers"-like vibe.  Stella, Smithwick's, Guinness -- you'll find all of the old faves here. So the next time you're looking to get in touch with your Irish side, stop in and say hi. Chances are, you'll see Miss Rosie behind the bar.
This one is very near and dear to me.  I have known Seamus since he was downtown and it always feels like St. Patty's day whenever I run into him at one of his pubs (although it has been a while since the last time which is probably a good thing).  I remember talking to him about this pub before he even started work on it.  He was very adamant about making it as authentic as possible and it does have that welcoming feel every good pub should have.  In short I love this place, there is nothing better than tipping a Guinness and a Jameson with a few friends in one of the cozy booths and listen to some great Celtic band bring the roof down.  Whether you're a pub person or not this is one of the best watering holes in Phoenix.  Also, come St. Patrick 's Day this is one place I have to be (in my kilt of course).  As a bit of trivia I was the first person who officially bought Seamus a shot of Jameson at the grand opening.  He makes a big deal out of it and I think it's kind of cool.  Slainte
I've never been to an Irish Pub but landed here with a business associate who is a local and happens to be Irish!  We were here for an early dinner on a weeknight and the place was welcoming.  There were a lot of folks coming and going; decor was homey and full of knick knacks.  Josephine was our hostess and took our orders.  We had the Giants Causeway Meatloaf and the Mac's Grilled Dublin Irish Cheddar & Tomato sandwich.  The meatloaf was paired with colcannon style mashed potatoes, which by itself is heaven on earth and real comfort food!  The meatloaf was made with ground beef, corned beef, Irish seasonings and paired with steamed veggies.  The "grilled cheese" sandwich was ordered by my business associate who claimed it as a favorite sandwich order with Guinness.  The menu is extensive including salads, sandwiches, appetizers.  Of course, there is corned beef and cabbage (a real fave of mine, which I've made at home) plus the award winning Harp battered fish and chips.  The next time I'm in Phoenix, I'm coming back to the pub!
Food-meh Beer-good Atmosphere and music-awesome  I will go back to Rosie's for the music and beer, but not the food. My husband tried the "award-winning" fish and chips and said they were a 7 out of 10 and that he has had better at other Irish pubs.  The area where the bands play is pretty small and cramped, so go a bit early to get a seat at the bar or one of the tables near the stage area. It does give it the intimacy of the pubs in Ireland which is nice, but I wish it would have had a small dance floor area because some Irish tunes definitely get you up wanting to dance a jig :)
Rosie's is TROUBLE. I know this has to be my favorite bar not because I remember having good times here but because I rarely remember anything.  All stories I am about to relay are passed on the day after by a trustworthy "source" who is consistently regaled with my 3am Drunken Story Time Hour.  The roomies and I fall here "just for one" and consistently end up calling my boyfriend (aka "The Source") at half past 2 for a ride home, so it's not a crowd favorite, because he undoubtedly hates Rosie's.  OH! And there is one bartender we love in particular. After being hit on for hours by the same ridiculous wedding-ringed douchebags, one wink of the eye from Captain Awesome McBartender meant our entire tab was being taken care of by Cheaters Anon, aka those dickbags (unbeknown to said bags). It was TOTALLY AWESOME.  I also have walked in on some sex in the bathroom. Boyfriend especially enjoyed hearing me dramatize that one in great detail. I'm a hoot when I leave Rosie's, apparently.
I met bunch of cute Irish guys here, as in, actually from Ireland with cute accents.  5 stars for that alone!  Kidding aside, I'm a sucker for a good pub.  Every time I've come here, it's been a blast.  Update:  Last night I needed a cab.  I am all stressed about this because my mobile is dead.  No worries.  They have a button that you push to get a cab, that's right, a BUTTON.  I swear it's true.
a guy I new I think LIVED here!.....used this as his like his address....  People great good mix....great place to have a group at........or a Arm wrestling match at....
Oh boy was I excited when I first walked into Rosie McCaffrey's.  An Irish pub right down the street?  This place was a godsend disguised as a local drunken hotspot.  Apparently, it wasn't disguised at all.  It really is just a local drunken hotspot.  I've been a moderate patron of Rosies for the past few months now, and while this is my usual watering hole of choice, there are a few things that need to be said about it.  First of all, the beer selection is good.  It isn't Yardhouse by a longshot, but the choices are varied for different tastes and income brackets.  The food is good for bar fare.  I felt much like a Irish local grazing the fields of greasy confections, I could literally feel my alcohol tolerance increasing with each bite.  The service is good, but prepare to wait if the place fills up (which it does) and you'll get looked over if you don't have cleavage (which I don't) but it helps if you're on a first name basis with the staff (which I am).  The music is varied, which is nice.  On the nights where live music is playing, you'll get a spattering of Irish folk music or recent covers.  I'm a fan of a few bands that play there, but to be completely honest, there have only been a few occasions where I've found my toes tapping.  But it's lively and fun, pleasant to listen to while you inebriate yourself.  You'll find a wide range of characters that frequent Rosies, though.  From the bar rats, greased woman hunters, drunken floozies, haughty better-than-alls and down home boys, there is never a lack of people to talk to.  I can't guarantee a good experience, but who can?  But I wouldn't worry, if you're using the place as you should, you won't remember tomorrow morning anyway.  No matter it's flaws, Rosie McCaffery's is worth a visit at least.  Grab a bite, take a shot of Irish courage and mix it up with a stranger.  If you see a fellow standing to the side, people watching with a silent amused smirk, come and say hello.  I probably won't bite.
Ask for a real Irish Pub in Phoenix and you might as well ask for real italian food in Phoenix. Look, it's just not going to happen. Luckily, that means that people will still try and some will come close - but who cares? Rosie McCaffrey's Irish Pub is easily one of the top three 'irish' pubs in Phoenix. However, what makes Rosie's better is that it lets go of trying to be something that it couldn't possibly achieve. That authentic irish pub, or even one close to those that you'll find in Chicago, or New York. Again, that's okay. Unlike the George & Dragon which absolutely holds onto it's attempt at being authentically british, Rosie's is closer to actually being an Irish Pub deep in the heart of desert Phoenix.   I've had many, many great nights with friends in the booths at Rosie McCaffrey's. Come with a good group of friends, when the place is packed and the band plays on the insanely small stage - and you're set for a great time. The fish and chips with vinegar are more than decent and often actually deserve whatever award they claim to have recieved. The beer flows and they have the appropriate options on draught. But none of that stuff really matters.  You can recreate the exact same bar anywhere. You can use the same wood, the same bar, have the same drinks on tap, and none of it matters if your crowd sucks. This is where Rosie's excels. The crowd. The people who frequent. Since it's deep in Phoenix, yet a little off center, Rosie's doesn't attract the annoying Tempe college crowd. It doesn't attract the annoying Scottsdale upper-class pretenders. The people who go to Rosie's actually live in Phoenix. These are hard working middle class city dwellers looking for a neighborhood bar to share a great time with friends - and drink - truly without the pretentiousness so often found everywhere else even remotely popular.  As far as irish pubs in Phoenix go, Rosie's is top three - but only because they regularly have some of the best crowds. Sure, every now and then you feel like pretending to be someone else and you make your way to Scottsdale (or you feel like pretending to be someone else everynight) but when you just want to be yourself with your friends, and have a great time, not just a good time, Rosie McCaffrey's is the place to go. So drink up, talk to everyone you want to, heck, start a brawl even, it's an irish pub right?
OK, I can never NOT do my Lucky Charm meets Irish Spring accent when I'm here. Not only am I sure I sound imbibed before I even consume my first black and tan, but the staff must surely have heard every Irish accent attempt known to mankind. Love the draft beers here. Love the meatloaf sandwich. Mostly  love the pub atmosphere and what seems to be A LOT of regulars. One particular server is fantastic. A cherubic faced server, not without life lines, complete with a delicious accent. My friend thinks she fakes it. The accent that is. That's fine with me as long as the grub and ale are "magically delicious" and at some point I get to say "manly, yes, but I like it too!"
My favorite place in Phoenix to grab a Perfect Pint. I think Guinness in an Irish pub just tastes better. And at Rosie's its even better thanks to the lively pub. My friends and I go come here whenever possible, its always a great time with great friends, great drink, and at a great place. Rosie's is that place where you always bump into someone you know. It makes this city seem just a little bit smaller. If you get there early enough for dinner, try the fish and chips, it's pretty tasty. But really, Guinness is a meal unto itself. Just grab a booth, sit back, and enjoy the night.
I kind of consider myself to be a bit of an Irish pub expert.  First of all, I'm Irish.  Second of all, I lived in Boston, the mecca of Irish pubs outside of Ireland, for 7 years.  I'm kind of well versed in these things.  That being said Rosie McCaffrey's gets my seal of approval.  I'm going to go with 4 stars for right now seeing as I didn't sample the food, we brought our own birthday cake in with us!  (Which they were totally cool about)  I was with the magical Bonnie G who possesses the uncanny ability to get us a table even in the most crowded of establishments.  I swear, she uses some Jedi mind tricks or something.    There we were, all cozy in a booth with a huge birthday cake having a great time....and a band starts up!  Playing Irish music!  Including a real fiddle!  I was in heaven.  I almost wanted to shout out some requests for my favorite Irish folk music (Come out Ye Black and Tans, Tri Coloured Ribbon, A Nation Once Again) but I restrained.    They have a decent beer selection, it includes the Irish beers you would expect to see but there was one glaring omission for me.  No Sam.  So boo to that.  Our waitress was really nice even though she didn't have to be at all which is always appreciated.  It was a great lively bar scene, with a nice central bar, and a warm and inviting atmosphere.  The crowd was a great range of people from all different walks of life and everyone was friendly and having a good time, most people who passed by our table wished our friend a Happy Birthday (except for one girl who was also having a birthday and we offered cake to and she ran off....who doesn't like cake?!). We exchanged a piece of cake for a rose....it was a good time indeed.  Definitely one of the better pubs I've been to in here in Arizona.  A pub like this puts a pub like the Rose and Crown to shame because R+C has no vibe.  In fact, in retrospect, R+C feels a little boring to me now.
I can't make up my mind about Rosie's.  A good happy hour bar, sure, though I never seem to make it anywhere near the universal discounted-beer-cut-off-time, so it always seems like when I go here, I'm in the happy hour mood at 10 o'clock PM.   I just has a strange ambiance.    I enjoy the decor, though they are only one footy kit away from being hokey.  Rosie's has a good selection of Irish spirits and beers, though for some reason i can't get any more creative than a Half-n-half here ... something about this bar has that order ingrained in my pea-sized-drinkin-brain.    I really want to check out some Premier League games here, scottish or english.  I've had their food and it is your typical Irish grub.  I wonder if anyone Irish would find any of our silly Irish-American fare remotely interesting.    The smoking patio is far too small and seems to have some sort of gravitational pull for all the jerk-offs in the bar to congregate.  I thought they were giving away free samples of American Crew Hair Paste for men one night out there.  I was afraid to lite up for taking out 'three-stars' Rosie's.
The Lisbon Lions.  If you know anything about Celtic FC, then you should know about the Lisbon Lions. The year was 1967; the setting Lisbon, Portugal.  The green half of Glasgow wins the European Cup, now the Champions League.  A shining moment of glory for the Scottish club that plays second fiddle to its blue neighbor, Rangers FC; the most decorated club in the world.  And arguably the better half of Glasgow.  As of my last visit to Mrs. McCaffrey's, I did not see a photo of the storied Lisbon Lions on the wall, but perhaps I did not look hard enough.  Beer goggles are not the best detective eyewear.  Still, the atmosphere is cozy; and as for Celtic FC kit, there is enough to go around.  Beer; as a pub this is a prerequisite, and Rosie's does not disappoint.  The selection is pretty standard, but does have Hoegaarden; very nice.  The whiskey lineup is made up of the usual suspects, but when it comes to getting pissed it works like a charm.  The service is quick and friendly, so nothing to complain about there.  The victuals are quality, and if I might recommend the meatloaf sandwich.  I'm not a big supporter of meatloaf, but this particular dish was quite good.  Curry chips were excellent, although the chips could have been bigger.    So, if you like Irish pubs with a penchant for Scottish football, then Rosie McCaffrey's is the place for you.  I have a feeling that Americans don't realize that Celtic FC is a Scottish club.  Sod it, ignorance is bliss, and a place to get proper pissed should never go amiss.  It's just a shame that there are not more Scottish pubs; I would love a Rangers pub.  Maybe there is a gap in the market.  Cheers Until then, get the beers in...
This is one of my favorite bars in town to kick back with friends and have a good time.    The sandwiches are HUGE, well priced and yummy.  The beer on tap is cold. They have a very well stocked bar for Irish specialties, and the servers and bartenders are attentive and friendly.   It's great for groups... When I have gone with a group, we had the whole upstairs balcony to ourselves.    The bar is comfortable for single women... people are friendly, not gropey.  Very nice.   The booths are big and comfy... I have seen people having their own little game night at the booths.  They can play all night and never have to get up for a beer.  One table was playing Uno.  Not a bad idea.  4-6 fit easily in a booth and there is good access to dancing (which often spills over into the aisles around the bar)  Maybe we need another UYE.  I'd be there early.
Based on memory and a one-time visit, I'm giving this place 4 stars. That's pretty damn fine, if you consider how it's been nearly 365 complete days since my first and only "run in" with Rosie.   All the way around, it was a nice experience. Sure, it was a Saturday night and the bar was crowded when my friend and I got there. So, we took ourselves upstairs and out onto the patio. Great vantage point, if you can tolerate smoking. I really like the interior of the place - almost feels like a basement with an escape hatch through the roof. Don't ask me why it makes me think of this. It could just be me...  I used to drive past Rosie's on a regular basis and think, "I need to go there again." I never have made it back, but that isn't any fault of the establishment. Rosie's is a great pick for when you're in Central Phoenix. Definitely check it out. You'll probably leave with a great impression, like I did. Only I hope you're not as absentminded as I am to never make it back there for a second round.
So, I know that there are tons of reviews on this great little Irish Pub, but after driving by it a million times, I finally got to go in...it was a Monday, but a good experience none the less.  I enjoyed the atmosphere and the beer was good.  I had the spinach artichoke dip and it was quite tastey although a little watery for my tastes.  I don't think Monday is the best way to judge a good Irish pub, but it reminded me of the pubs I went to when I was in Ireland.  I hope I can convince someone to go back with me soon!
Been there once and it was pretty solid.  Hard to screw up beer and fried appetizers though :)  Atmosphere is pretty good and the staff is great.
This is one of the best Irish pub/restaurants the valley has to offer. They also have live bands perform on occasion.  I used to work very close to here and wandered in about once a week. The food is authentic, with fish and chips and dozens of other traditional Irish comfort-food dishes.  The bar is wonderful with seating for about 20. They offer plenty of expected Irish Beer and Whiskey selections. They have a small patio for us smokers too.  Service is friendly, though it can be a little slow when they are really busy (lunch, happy hour and weekends).
I visited for a Sunday lunch (yesterday).    The food was good.  . .your typical bar food but the portions were quite large.  The server was friendly and prompt.  I left happy.
Promised myself after my last visit that I shall never return. That was 2.5 years ago and I haven't been back since!  Went in and sat down in a booth, had dinner, ordered some drinks. We had been there about an hour (dinner + 2 rounds) when our server came over and said, we need to give her a credit card because our tab was over $50 and we were sitting close enough to the door we could walk out on it. I looked her square in the eye and asked if she thought maybe there might be a better way to word that, like "I'm sorry guys, I forgot to take a card to start your tab, do you think you could provide one?" She got very defensive and started telling me how people walk out on tabs by the door, so again, why didn't you just get one to start with instead of coming to our table in a combative manner. The bar is actually pretty cool, but that little bitch sealed the deal that I will never return, nor will I recommend it to any of my friends. EVER.  We paid the tab, left a $20 tip on a $50 bill, and left.
We love Rosies!  For their Fish and Chips I am a addict, washed down with extremely fresh Guinness, total food buzz!    If you don't like it Pogue Mahone!
I came here for lunch on Saturday, and was happy with what I had experienced.  Upon entering, I was seated in the front with my guest, and we were greeted by our server.  I did not get a chance to walk around the place to observe it, but I have to say, the service was amazing.  We had a wonderful lady who was probably old enough to be our mom waiting on us.  (thats complimentary.)  She was genuine, kind, and was one of a kind.    I ended up ordering the tuna melt, and could not decide what kind of bread to get.  I asked our server, and she had suggested sourdough, because she said that I would get a bigger sandwich.  Sold!  I enjoyed this place, even though it has more of a bar feel.  its reasonably easy to spot from the road, and our service was excellent.  I would gladly return for lunch or dinner to this place.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5, is becuase  the interior is somewhat dark, and its more of a bar feel then a resturant feel.  I would see myself going here for a night out for drinks, but the food here was good, and service made it even better.
First thing you notice during happy hour is the lack of parking. HORRIBLE!! Took me nearly 30 minutes to find a spot and I showed up there at 4:15pm. There's a small strip mall on the corner with LOTS of signs about getting towed - car owner beware!  Inside: Dark, dismal and nothing "happy" about their prices. I was at the bar with two friends and service was lacking. It wasn't very busy either; not compared to other bars in the same area during the same time.  I didn't try any of the food, which is the only reason this place is getting two stars instead of one.   As far as I'm concerned, there are much nicer, friendlier and better priced places in the Camelback Corridor than this place.
We're a little conflicted about Rosie's. We've been quite a few times, and usually have an excellent meal here. The service in the last few months has been not so good. That said, our waitress last week filled us in on the recent menu scuttlebutt. We had been told, to our great dismay, earlier this summer that a number of our favorite menu items, including the boxty, would soon be gone. However, certain chef issues have been dealt with now, and almost all of the menu will remain the same.   Good thing, too, because Hubby's beef, potato, mushroom & dark beer boxty was out of this world. My go-to dish of fish & chips was delicious as always. The hot pretzel app also hit the spot, with two great dipping sauces- the grainy mustard and the fabulous curry.   Parking is hellacious, as always, and we never go on weekends anymore, but we do love Rosie's as a weekday night dinner option. We've just learned to lower our expectations when it comes to the service. After all, they are keeping our boxtys, and well, we're simply not as interesting as the frat boys to our waitresses. We've accepted this.
I was planning on writing more about how awesome 'The Street' is, but then I went to Rosie McCaffrey's for lunch.  Yes, it has been reviewed 30+ times.  Yes, it was my first time going. So WHAT! It's official, I don't know everything, okay?  Well, I DIDN'T know everything until I visited this establishment. Upon entering, answers to the world's greatest mysteries flooded my thoughts.  Seriously though, this place is pretty awesome. Lisa M. was spot on when she said 'Food buzz'.  I left that place gitty with tasty pleasures. So, allow me to break it down.  ***The Food*** I ordered the Fish and Chips. Cliche? Perhaps, but it was the wisest decision I have made since I decided to get married 6 years ago. Really.  The fish is fresh not frozen, battered and fried to perfection.  Not too oily, and the fish wasn't dry.  Crispy and flavorful when paired with the provided lemon wedge and tarter.  The Tartar sauce wasn't bad, but wasn't extraordinary either. It was... Tartar sauce.  I used the ice cold malt vinegar for my fish and my chips and I was pleasantly aroused.  That being said, lets move on to the facilities...  ***Water Closet*** Yes, the Water Closet.  Isn't that what restrooms are called over in Ireland? Anyway, Nothing special here.  It was a little neglected, but not dirty.  Splashed mirrors, wet floors, and paper towels floating around like tile-based tumbleweeds. Anyway, no big deal, right? It's a PUB! No points deducted.  ***The Service*** This was the best part! The service at this place was strikingly awesome!  I believe our waitress' name was Jenna (according to my receipt).  She was super friendly, and struck up a conversation with us that was short and sweet, but also showed that she was genuinely interested.  She was thoughtful enough to take our order BEFORE tending to a birthday song (this staff shouldn't quit their day jobs) and our food was out in about 5 minutes. When she couldn't get our refills she had a coworker do it. Now THAT'S service!  ***The Atmosphere*** Wood everywhere (Get your mind out of the gutter, perv). It was worn and a very relaxing place.  I can imagine coming here to watch a game or during happy hour.  I wouldn't venture to say authentic, because... well, I wouldn't know. I'm a mix between this and that, not Irish.  Did I mention you get to walk through the middle of the bar? Well you do. I swear!   I would have given it 4 1/2 stars, but I couldn't.  I just don't like giving out 5 stars haphazardly, but I suppose this place is worthy...  Check out the pictures for a FULL experience...  [Postscript] Yes, I actually said "Spot On"... I'm telling you, this place will get in your head!
went With Chris T. here. Really good food and out standing service. I would have to refer you to his review for more details on the visit.  http://www.yelp.com/writeareview/biz/rW5N-fiNhqb-fR3bGqyPdg#  But outstanding and 5 starts from me.   If I could give 6 stars for service I would.
i used to frequent this place more then 3 times a week. frequent regulars of the Thursday night cover band. "Play Dancing Barefoot" the Guinness is always served right and the wait staff is usually attentive. this was the place i would always be for St. Patty's day, New Year's Eve, Great Guinness Toast, umm what else? yea Every other Saturday Night and every Thursday and the occasional Friday or Monday.  this place today. i feel like i need to be bribed to go in. "arik, come down for a beer at Rosie's" "will it cost me anything?" lol.   the clientele just seems so much different then before. it used to be fairly mixed. serious drunks with chemical dependencies, and yuppies. now..umm younger crowd, which means amateur drunks, Irish car bombs and loud hoot'n. i honestly prefer the harder edge of true alcoholics. now with all the kids it just makes me think "i didn't realize i was so close to Tempe."  the food is average and seems to have gotten worse. the wait staff is still pretty good. quick and attentive. Megan is my favorite. always a huge smile.  in the past I've walked out of here with a $300 tab. today, I'm happy to pay under $20. i would rather save my money for better bars.  2 stars for the change i don't prefer, 4 stars for Megan!!!  I'll meet half way and give it a 3.
This was the first place that I tried wings post-vegetarianism and I loved them.  Hundreds of wings and a few years later, I still think they are pretty awesome.  Meaty wings, soaked in Harp, covered in sauce very similar to Franks - mmm, so tasty.  Everything else is good too, but I go back for the wings.    Irish beers on tap - Harp, Smithwick's (Shmittick's) and the obligatory Guiness - as well as a plethora of other libations.  I adore the waitress who always seems to serve us, with her m'love's and Irish mom ways.  She accidentally gave us our drink bill, without the food included.  When we pointed out the mistake, she brought back a bill sans wings.  Maybe she forgot about the wings, maybe she was repaying our honesty, but either way we tipped well and were grateful.
stopped in while waiting to go to dinner on thanksgiving.  Jukebox was playing Blind Melon (one of my favorites)   I have been here before and people are always friendly and ready to get drunk!  Also the bartender was super friendly to us. She made fun of me because I requested orange-cran-sprite because I was the DD but ordering a drink like that I think I well deserved it.  This is a great place.  One of the better hang out pubs in Phoenix in my op.  Will go back of course.
I just moved to the 'hood and I've been here a few times.  The beer is cold, the food is hot and the service is warm and friendly.   They have the standard English/Irish Beer selection, Guiness, Smithwicks, Newcastle, etc.  The food is standard pub fare, burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc. The fish chips are pretty good. Large filet of fish, beer battered  to a crispy finish. Served with hot french fries, ramekin of slaw and some lemon wedges. (Don't forget the Malt Vinegar!!!)   Beers are $5 a pint, a touch pricey, but I'm down for supported local establishments.   The servers are always warm and friendly.
I've been to Rosie's a few times over the years and have always thought the food is decent and the drinks good.   My husband and I met up with a few friends on Friday night. The place was packed, but luckily our friends had a table.   We sat down and the server came over right away, took our drink orders and gave us menus.   The service was spot on until it was time to pay. Our friends had a seperate bill and left about 10 minutes before we did.  Once our bill came we noticed our friends drinks had been charged to us and another drink from a different table had been charged to us.  We disputed the charges with our server and she said "well those drinks were your friends. I'm sure they'll pay you back. As for the other drink I'll take that off because it belongs to the table behind  you."  We still disputed the drinks our friends ordered as we didn't think we should have to pay for them as it was her fault for not ringing the order up correctly. She told us we had to pay for them and that it shouldn't be a problem because our friends should pay us back.   Whatever! I was done disputing the charge. Fine! WeI'll pay for my friends drinks. Yeah, I will get paid back, but the server should have just ate the cost. I don't know, I might be looking at it wrong.   Other than the discrepancy with the bill the Smithwick's on tap was great and the fish filet in the fish and chips was huge and good.
Rosie's was the very first bar my bf took me to in Phx back in September. Actually, it was 9/11. We stopped in for a drink around 6pm-ish and there were candles lit everywhere and lots of American flags hung up. They were remembering victims of 9/11 and we showed up right before the bagpipers started playing. My high school mascot was a Highlander, so bagpipers will always hold a special place in my heart. It was really moving hearing them play "Amazing Grace" along with a few other songs. After the music, the owner read a poem and had a moment of silence for the fallen victims. After the memorial, it was business as usual and there seemed to be a growing crowd by the time we left.   We also stopped by for a drink with an out of town friend last night. Both guys commented how cool the place is and declared their love for Irish beer. The service has been great both visits, last night I believe Rosie herself was waiting on us. I could be wrong, but with her cute accent and cheery disposition, she seemed like a 'Rosie' to me.
This place sucks...horrible...don't go.  It's mine. My bar. My island.  My fear is that Rosie's becomes to popular.  Right now it's perfect.  Home away from home.  Best pub in Phoenix.  Seriously stay away.
Best pulled pork sandwich of my life.   Some of the best bbq sauce of my life. AND the Irish pub atmosphere... bbq at an irish pub? I KNOW. It was amazing.   The day I went the pulled pork was on special so it was $5.95 for a great portion size.  The drinks are $5.50 which I find is typical for "irish" pubs.  The atmosphere was great.  The service was good.  That pulled pork though... mmmmm!
Fish and chips will settle just about any dining dispute.  Don't believe me?   The next time you and your squeeze can't decide where to eat, just say "fish and chips" as non-chalantly as possible.   Nothing can withstand the suggestive awesomeness that is fish n' chips. Not even vegan cupcakes and soy lattes.  I wanted sushi and Misty S wanted Greek. So naturally we ended up here.  I  usually have a rule that if I'm not feeling a place within the first few minutes, I leave.   Walking in expecting shamrocks and songs with drinkable rhythms, I found a middle-age grope fest accompanied by the smooth and pedantic melodies of 3 Doors Down and some country singer who sounded like but wasn't necessarily Wifebeater McGraw. If there isn't a country singer with that name, there should be.   Needless to say, I wasn't feeling it.   But there was a feeling inside of me (hunger, perhaps) beckoning me to stay.  Waiting for our potato skins to come, I looked at my glass of water and wished I had splurged on a soda or something. It would make having to hear "The Devil Went Down To Georgia" and watching people older than my parents feel each other up a little more bearable.   At least there would be bubbles.  I wanted to get all indignant about the potato skins taking forever, but when I saw the hostess/waitress/bartender walking out with our skins and realizing she was the only employee on duty, I shut my mouth before I made an ass of myself.  The potato skins were amazing. They were crunchy, creamy, and smothered in corned beef, not those flavorless bacon bits you'll find at Friday's or Applebee's.   I belong at Applebee's? No dude, YOU belong at Applebee's. Because you suck.   The fish and chips were exquisite. So is the word "exquisite". I really need to find a way to work that more into my day to day dialog.   I've never had cod that massive before. It was big like my ego and juicy like my gossip. I know. That second one was a stretch. But seriously, it was fucking gargantuan. As I drowned it in lemon juice and malt vinegar, I shivered to think of all the lesser fish I have been duped into eating.   I was really impressed with the fries, in part because I in my endless skepticism expected steak fries, which are always soggy before you even bite into them. But not today, apparently. Instead I got hot, thick, and crispy chips.  They tasted so good that I felt bad desecrating them with the contents of a two dollar bottle of heinz ketchup left at lukewarm temperature. And not even the good pulpy kind. Seriously, does nobody serve REAL ketchup around here?  So instead I dipped them in tartar sauce. It was exquisite.  I shouldn't comment on the coleslaw, since my taste is admittedly skewed. I like mine with lots of mayo and lots of sugar. Occasionally raisins or pineapples.   But I'm sure if you did the Pepsi challenge with their 'slaw and say, KFC's 'slaw, 9 out of 10 people from third world countries would tell you that Rosie's was fresher and tastier. And that the asshole from Burger King's check still hasn't come in the mail.  I can't wait for me and Misty S to disagree on where to go out for lunch so we can come here again.
Part of my draught cider tour.   They have the chips down to perfection. Irony that half of the English national dish is better represented here than within any of the British bars, fish and chip places in the valley.   Truth be told chicken tikka masala is closer to being the English national dish.  The only reason  Britain had an empire was to find something decent for dinner which should have left Ireland unmolested. That's a puzzle for a later talk post.:)     The queso dip to start was fine, nothing special. Why can't we have Irish bars serving something close to what I would get in Ireland?  It's a continual source of amazement to me that  it's just whatever is popular locally with the addition of an Irish name = appetizer. Que? :)   This is the best tasting non-shepherd's pie I've had. Ok it has beef , instead of lamb,  but  finally someone that didn't deaden the dish it in gravy,  waste it with poorly mixed potatoes from a packet nor stuck in vegetables that didn't belong in there.  Just the right crispiness on the top and a portion that just has me coming in as full as the last spoon is scooped.   Cider , yay,  not a lot of choice, ok no choice:)  but it's still cold and doesn't have that fell out off the can taste.    My partner had the boxty  which was feckin great to the point that I was envious, me with my pie and all, that I couldn't be eating two plates at once. Solution? I suppose I'll have to come back.
Not much to say but... life does not get better then Rosie's in Phoenix (pub wise.)  Great music, great vibe, great happy hour. It is the pub that keeps bringing me back to AZ.
This update is not because I went back to Rosie's, but to share the comment I received from my server. I really think it's in poor taste she felt the need to contact me and makes me NEVER want to give business to Rosie's ever again. In my review I relayed the events as they happened, I'm not going to sugar coat it. I still think the cost of my friends drinks should not have been charged to me and it's not that my friends are "unreliable dining compainions", it was not their fault their drinks were not charged to them and they didn't notice. The server is the one who rang up the order and made the mistake, she should own up to it, not blame my friends or get pissy with me. It's really too bad that I don't want to give my business to Rosie's because I really do like it there and I really wasn't that upset with the server, just the situation. I still stand by the fact the drinks wrongfully charged to me should not have been my responsiblity. Doesn't matter if the drinks belonged to my friends, I shouldn't have had to pay for the mistake the server made.   Here is her comment: I was your server that evening and do not appreciate that you feel servers should have to pay out of our own pockets for your friends mistakes.  We seperate checks to make things more convienent for you.  Most places do not allow split checks.  I am sorry your friends skipped out on their portion of the tab.  Maybe you should find more reliable dining companions. As for the one beer on your tab, that indeed was my mistake and if my memory serves me correctly, i quickly and kindly apologized for MY mistake and swiftly removed it from your tab without any friction. Can't wait to see you again soon.  Rosie's always tries to give a good experience to it's customers.
Authentic Irish Pub complete with Irish bands and Setanta sport channel to watch the various European football (not soccer) leagues and rugby matches.  Food is good. Atmosphere, joyous.  Get there early on a weekend if you want a seat.  Long live the Irish.
I love this place! It is a fun and laid back. I wouldn't try the food...but I love the drinks. The bartenders are always very attentive and super quick.
My dad told me about this place through a friend who has been going here forever. Thanks Charlie! I first tried their Fish and Chips. Hands down, best in town. I've actually met Shemus, on a trip to denver for the Celtic FC Vs. MLS all stars a few years back and really come to enjoy eating here on my lunch hours. Granted that when it comes to servers at any bar or restaurant you get a few bad apples here and there, but for the most part the service is great. I would take anyone to this place for a happy hour drink or lunch/dinner.
Great Staff, Great food, great selection of Beers and Alcohol. This could very easily become my second home.
Despite driving by a million times, last Saturday was my first visit to Rosie's. Definitely a no BS establishment, which is what I love most. A place to sit, a good beer, an attentive waitress, and great company is all I need in life- Rosie's accommodated that perfectly.
We stopped here on saturday after dinner to catch up with some friends.  This bar is a no bullshit irish pub, it's not trying to be something it isn't.  They have all the beers you would expect an irish pub to have.  A sizeable bar, and ample seating.  Live entertainment singing old favorites from irish bands and old irish folk songs.  The only issue I had was as the night went on we couldn't hear ourselves talk as the music got progressively louder, but I suppose that's our own fault for going to an irish pub and sitting 10 feet from the stage..  Not a bad establishment.
This place is banging!  A group of us from work decided to head here Friday night to celebrate something. What it was evades me, and probably isn't that important. What matters is we were able to take over the upstairs balcony, have good service and drink like we were back in college.   The times I've eaten here before, it's always been very good. I did not eat last night; rather, I imbibed quite liberally. Three Guinnesses and two Irish Car Bombs later, I was pleasantly relaxed and had to kick it. I was glad I hadn't driven because parking is at a premium. That and the whole drinking and driving thing is so 1988. Buzzed walking is tubular!
Hey Abu what are you doing here?? Did you order my wings yet? What can I say about Rosie? Parking can be a pain, but after you park it's all good!  Gotta love this ol'girl! The wings are all drummies, oh yeah baby mommy likes! They are cooked well done so they are crispy and the have some beer based hot sauce that kicks your taste buds into high gear. I love the kettle chips too.   They have good drink specials and a full bar to choose from. I just love this little pub last time I was here I think Leprechauns took me home. : P
i love this bar, it is very dear to my heart. My boyfriend and i went on our first date there a year and a half ago. We drank bushmills on the rocks from 4 untill 11. we just could not leave. perfect atmosphere and friendly staff.
Watch where you sit if you want to have a conversation. The barkeep will blast the music even if you complain it's so loud it's causing pain. The place also acoustically amplifies the already loud drunk customers. Noise aside, the food and service are great. The beer is just the right temperature, too. Delicious burgers, and Rosie is the best, addressing everyone as 'love."
This place seems to get better every time I visit. The first time was a Friday night out with the guys. We met up for dinner and I had (and loved) the pulled pork and sweet potato fries. After dinne we got our drink on with a live band. The waitress was helpful in getting us drunk off a variety of liquors. And the shots kept on coming! It was a blast. The second time was more laid back, just grabbing a beer with a girlfriend. It was a Tuesday and the place was pretty busy. The next time me and the girlfriend showed up completely wasted and they had an Irish band playing. It was a perfect way to end our night after clubbing at the gay bar! We had a baileys nightcap and everything went dark from there. Awesome night!
Most of my friends know, this place is my Cheers!   The staff has always been wonderful - once they chatted it up with my mother about Irish music, that was years ago and she still talks about it. It does not take long for the staff to remember your name and introduce themselves to your guests - everyone is your friend at Rosie's!   The food is also great - I really like the Sheppard's Pie!  PS, they have Wi-Fi. A happy hour beer while finishing up some work - nothing could be better!
I like to Rant.  I like to Rave.  I also like to revisit places that I deem "5 star worthy" to make SURE I hadn't made a mistake.  Occasionally, I'll revisit a failure JUST to see if they've cleaned up their act.  Well, with such an AWESOME first review I did on this place, I was BOUND to write a sequel. THIS, my friend, is just that.  Before I even came in here, I was DEAD set on ordering the luscious fish and chips. Now, I've spent a few nights in England (1,460 to be exact), so I feel like I know authentic Fish n chips when I taste them. Alas, my wandering eyes made me forget all about them when I saw "Shepherd's Pie"... I've had some PRETTY bad Shepherd's Pies in my day so I figured "Lets give them a chance to measure up"  Now, there is comfort food that will help you relax and take you deep away from everything stressful in your present day. Then, there is comfort food that will prop up your feet and suck on your toes while performing a deep massage just below your scapula. Rosie's Shepherd's Pie... was the latter.  I can't place the spices they used in the ground beef stew, but it was genius.  Also, the consistency was MUCH better than traditional Shepherd's Pie.  It was more of a rouge like Chili (without the chili spicing)... It had carrots that were slightly sweet and peas that popped in your mouth releasing glorious green goo to mix with the hot beef and such on its way down to your belly. "Don't stop rubbing... keep working those toes..."  Now we get to the potatoes on top.  They weren't overly ambitious.  By this, I mean they weren't ruined with too much garlic/butter/cream/etc... They had a GREAT natural potato taste with crispy, broiled cheese on top forming a wonderful pie crust-like seal of protection.  Except this seal was a guarantee... Guaranteeing you will stalk this dish in your dreams for the rest of your life.  Yes, I revisited the water closet. Cleaner... The service was JUST as good as before if not better! Attentive, slightly humorous, and great attitude.  I have come to decide that you can't go wrong at Rosie's... Plus free metaphorical food sex! Bonus!
I absolutely LOVED this place!  I really like Irish food and Seamus and the Turf get old after a while, so after work we decided to try Rosie's and I am so glad that we did.  When we walked in we were greeted warmly by a full blooded Irish woman and her charming accent was absolutely adorable.  We asked about the TV channels they had and she seated us in a booth with a view of a TV and directed us to the bartender to ask for the channels.  Unlike pretty much every other place in the valley, they actually had the soccer channel and they put it on just for us!  5 stars for having that channel.  BTW, congrats to the Seattle Sounders, the new US Open Cup Champs!  For dinner I ordered the shepherd's pie.  I've ordered that at pretty much every place that carries it, and I have to say that Rosie's has the best.  They put TONS of cheese on top and it stays nice and ooey gooey.  There was a perfect amount of mash to accompany the veggies and meat underneath.  It was really flavorful and savory.  Best of all, it was extremely comforting, exactly what I needed after a long day at work.  Bottom line, I love this place and it is now my go-to Irish restaurant.  It's only too bad that it isn't within walking distance like a couple other places.
What an awesome place.  I am sorry that it took me so long to get here.  It is totally a 5-star place in a 2-star location.  If I could pick up the whole building and move it to that triangle lot on Central & Camelback, I would.  Having a pub THIS good SO far from the LRT is hard for me to handle.    Inside, it is pretty dank.  There are tvs and crap on the walls but the ceilings are low in some places and the wood is all dark.  Pretty much everything you want in a pub.    We happened to go during the US Open Cup Final match with my Sounders playing and, without any debate, they were happy to put it on the tv.  To tell you the number of times I have fought with the waitresses at the Turf in order to get a soccer match on would mean a review twice as long as this.  In any event, soccer on the tele, big points!  I ordered the fish & chips because, well, I heard they were amazing.  Amazing? Probably not.  The fries were pretty plain but the fish was good.  The tartar sauce was pretty damn good too.  Will have to try something else next time.  The beer selection is great and they actually have a cider on tap which is unheard of here in Phx.  Our waitress was this older woman with a thick Irish accent who I would swear owns the place.  She was so sweet and totally made us love the place even more.    A great place, without a doubt.  Can't wait to go back.
If you are ever in Phoenix, this is the place to go, a true authentic Irish Pub, with lots and lots of Irish items and such.  I had the Patrick's Irish Potato Skins and the corned beef and cabbage.  I must truly say I love every minute of it, slurping down with what, of course, Guinness.  The Barmaid was a treat, friendly and enjoyable to talk to.  What I really liked was the fact the corned beef was easy enough to cut and was firm.  It was Delicious!!!!
I'll start this mediocre review with the caveat that I went here on a Wednesday night for happy hour with some co-workers. Also, it was evidently training day, as our service was unusually slow, according to my drinking buddies who are regulars there. So take this with a giant grain of salt...  First of all, the foam on the Guiness was thin. Inexcusable. If you're going to market yourself as an Irish pub, I expect the Guiness to be molasses thick with an impenetrable foam served just the other side of room temperature. They got the temp right, but nothing else. Also, my black and tan was thoroughly blended by the time it got to me thanks to some rough handling by the bartender/waitstaff.  The band got off on the wrong foot by asking the largest group in the bar (aka us) to move so they could set up their stage monitors. Give. Me. A. Break. You're not playing the House of Blues, there are 30 people in the bar, and you have a crappie Mackie 8-channel mixer sitting on top of the 5-string fretless bass player's amp. I think you can get by without setting up your two giant floor monitors for this gig. And spare me the crappy Johnny Rotten soundcheck, too. I get it. It's an Irish bar (Johnny Rotten was from London, not Dublin you ass) not Wembley Arena.  To make matters worse, they started off with an unspeakably lame cover of  Al Green's seminal soul masterpiece "Let's Stay Together" done as a solo piece by a guy who sounded like he learned to play guitar by listening to NPR.  Saving graces: Boddington's was on point. I heard one of the funniest stories I've heard in a long time from James "Cool Whip" H (for those of you who are interested, take me out for a drink, and I'll tell you about the "Whip Test"). Wings were not bad.  Probably my last time at Rosie's but I guess to be fair I should go back on a weekend or when the Fleetwood Mac cover band isn't playing, but seems unlikely at this point.
Dive bar that happens to be Irish.  Plenty of people drinking light fizzy yellow beer with megadeath music playing loud overhead, and several video game machines that take quarters on the bar itself.  Sure, there's a few Irish sayings on the wall and they serve Guinness (though ours wasn't in the Guinness glasses that most Irish pubs seem to have).  Glasses weren't especially clean either as we could smell a cleaning chemical like aroma in the beer glass.  Parking was nearly full on a rainy Monday night so I fear what it would be on the weekend.  Doesn't have the same Irish vibe over at Seamus McCaffrey's.
Since I live in the east Valley and work in Central Phoenix, I need a few good watering holes to kill time while the traffic clears. Rosie's is one of those places that has a local watering hole feel. Plus they have good beer, good happy stuff and everyone in there from the bartenders to the people are cool.
Rosies makes me want to live downtown.  What a great place! It's cosy, comfortable and a great time.    The food is pretty authentic, and they have a nice, robust menu.  The beer selections are good, and the service has always been fast and friendly.    It might get a bit noisy at peak times, but it just seems to fit the atmosphere.  I would be a regular here if I was not always in the East Valley.
I had a good time here but I think that it was because of the company I was with.  I was there on a Friday, right after work. The traffic on Camelback was a nightmare to get there and don't even think about parking in their lot. We parked in the residential area around the corner and walked it. Much better.  The place was PACKED! We found refuge on their patio which was also the perfect place for our large party. Since its winter here, it would have been nice to have some heaters. It was BRRRRR!  The service was good. Our server made sure she grabbed everyone's order and we had a HUGE group. I got drinks from the bar and the service there is a bit slow but that is expected on a busy Friday night.  I also noticed a band setting up as we were leaving so I must return to check out some live music another time. I will post an update review of Rosie's when I go again. I didn't get the full experience in the short time I was there.
maybe it's not fair to compare other irish bars to mcnally's in the bay area, but this one just seemed to fall a bit short.  the irish coffee was good, but not amazing. some of the booths looked quaintly authentic while other tables were oddly placed. though probably not the main draw of such an establishment, the tv's were subpar, and the local irish band was well-meaning, but a little yawn-inducing. the waitresses were nice though and switched out my friend's drink when she accidentally ordered the wrong one, so it gets some credit for that.
This place is near my house, so we tend to go there a lot.  They have a great irish band that plays some nights.  I really like this place for drinking, but I've eaten here a few times and the food is less than mediocre.  I also don't recommend this place for St. Patty's day.  We waited in line for about 30 minutes. Paid 20 bucks to get in, and had to wait about half an hour for drinks.  It wasn't worth it.
First time to the Irish Pub, we went on a rainy friday night and actually found parking and a table, I think that's pretty uncommon for Rosies in a good way.  My drink was weak but the food was pretty good!  Our server was great, very patient and also since our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, warned us about the portions, that was very kind of her.  Very comfortable atmosphere and a great centrally located pub/restaurant.
Love it! I heard they allow cigar smoking on the patio, so I decided to wait out the traffic over there this evening. I did not try the food--I'll write an update in a few days with that, but I had a beer and cigar and was blown away with how friendly the place is. The harried bartender actually smiled at me despite waiting on a ton of people, and while I was waiting on a beer a guy came up and started talking to me about the cigars in my front pocket. He introduced me to someone else, and before I knew it there were five of us standing out on the porch in the rain and cold weather chitchatting like we had known each other for years.   I just had a beer, but it was an Imperial Pint of Smithwicks for $4--great happy hour price. The only negative I could find was the parking. It was tight. I just happened to get lucky and there was someone pulling out as I was pulling in. But some of the regulars pointed out some street parking in case I am not as lucky next time.   Maybe I just caught them on a good night, but I will be back often if it is even half as friendly as this time. I wish I lived closer to the place. I have yet to find anyplace even close to this in Ahwatukee or Chandler. If you know of a place, PLEASE let me know.
I went on a Friday night after work with 3 of my girlfriends.  It was raining, cold, and we were HUNGRY!  Got a good spot right across from the front door, very surprised.  The parking lot was parked with cars.  Must be our lucky night!  Found a table on the other side of the bar, where the music was blasting.  It was still all good!    We ordered:  Rosie's Chili Con Quezo Dip, Patrick's Irish Potato Skins, Jimky's Famous Chicken Wings Mild, Quigley's Quesadilla, Rosie's "World Famous" Pulled Pork Sandwich, Corned Beef & Cabbage, & Sweet Potato Fries.  And of course drinks!!!  Yes, our eyes are bigger than our stomaches.  The waitress warn us that it is ALOT of food.  The girls said the drinks were weak, but I only had ice tea.  All the food was great!  The service was wonderful.  She was very nice!    Loved the central location and the pub atmosphere!
02.05.10  Stopped in for a drink in what we were hoping to be a bar hop.  Too bad we ran out of time before we got to hit all the bars.  I've never tried the raspberry velvet [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rW5N-fiNhqb-fR3bGqyPdg?select=bzp23ZITJ1nd2sGbj0Oflg].  I've never drank Guinness through a straw before, either.  Guinness + Chambord = mighty tasty.
Is it wrong to love an establishment so much that when I walk into Rosies, I kiss the front door to let her know I'm there?   This is another one on my 'fucking badass places' list. I love the vibe and friendliness of it. Great Irish beers and food. On Thursday, Friday, Saturdays, and Sundays they have live music. Oh and their St. Pattys Day celebration is amazing!  I gave it 4/5 stars for two reasons. 1. It's on the smaller size of bars. 2. The Waters only play once or twice a month there. I know that has nothing against the bar its self, but having a big beer while hearing/seeing them play is delightful.
Unimpressed, sadly.  We stopped in for a nightcap on a Friday night and it was fairly busy. Everyone was clustered in front around the live music, and there were empty seats in the back and up in the balcony. We tried up there first, and after wondering aloud for 5 minutes, "Do you think there is any service up here?" we decided the answer was no and hiked back down. We then had to head for the back, where it quickly became clear why no one was sitting back there: The whole area smells like a urinal cake owing to its proximity to the restrooms.  A waitress came over and my associate asked about their Irish Whiskey selection. Safe question, no? Well, she looked horrified and proceeded to stumble through a list of 3 or 4 before admitting she didn't know the other ones. This is a place that advertises its Irish Whiskey... ho hum. My associate ordered one he recognized and I ordered a Guinness. We also ordered an "onion pile" to share. Sounds huge, right? Woot!  I'm afraid the Guinness was the only thing that didn't disappoint. She brought something in a whiskey glass that definitely wasn't whiskey; my associate sent it back while she explained it was "on the ticket". She was really nice, and I felt bad for her, because she was clearly not trained on listing or, indeed, visually identifying whiskey. The onion pile was a scrappy collection reminiscent of Burger King. Aye.  Maybe an off-nite for the place or the waitress or both, but I shan't be recommending it again.
My review is similar to Andy G.'s...  My husband and I wanted to try this place for ever.  We always noticed from the outside it looks super busy so thought it might be a really cool place to hang and get some good drinks and food...   We decided to go on a Friday evening around 7pm.  We were super hungry and thought we need to finally go here.   We after fighting with traffic and trying to find a parking spot for a good half hour finally stepped foot into the place.  Right away the place was packed as soon as we walked in.  No wait service noticed we looked lost and attempted to help us find a spot to sit.  We roamed around for another good 15 minutes and decided to skip this place.   Finally when we were walking out the door someone noticed us and said they have room upstairs to sit.  By this time we were hungry and said that sounds good.  She escorts us up stairs and it's a tiny little empty space with two people up there.   All the action was downstairs and I felt really cut off from the whole vibe of the place being upstairs, the waitress took our drink orders then we waited, and waited.  It had to have been over 20 minutes before we got our beer.  During that time we looked over the menu and noticed it didn't have many choices. Not feeling impressed by this place, I didn't want to order a meal and have to wait another half hour or longer for food.   We took off.   I won't return, not worth the time it takes to #1 deal with the traffic, #2 find parking, #3 find a spot to sit and order, #4 get placed in the kiddy room on the second floor, oh and I didn't mention #5 horrible early 80's rock----(I like some 80"s rock, but this was the bad stuff)
Such a great hole in the wall, I always have good time at Rosie's. Staff is always great, multiple patios, and live music on weekends.
My St. Patty's night ended here. I so wish I could give 1/2 stars. I wanna say 4.5. This place was almost close to perfect.  An actual Irish guy (accent & all) drank with me. Need I say more?! That made my night. He was celebrating his b-day with another friend of his from South Africa. I asked him what he thought of our Irish pubs here in AZ. He said it wasn't too bad & that Rosie's was pretty close to the real deal. He then proceeded to point out good whiskeys they had. If the Irish guy likes Rosie's then so do I!  This place was popping off when I showed up around 11. TONS of people. Of course they had their parking lot sectioned off too. Dear lord but there were a lot of cops around :(  The pub felt close & cozy. Service was fast. Didn't see any girls running around in ridiculously short plaid skirts like at Finnegans though.  Guinness was $6. Ugh lame! I got hooked up though. The bartender handed me a larger glass than other people's while winking at me. My new Irish drinking buddy ordered 3 Irish car bombs & if I remember correctly & it was $24.  Don't ask me what the restroom was like. I don't remember it. I'm sure it was gross by the end of the night & I had to wait in line.  This place was a hit. I'm curious to know what it's like here on a regular night.
I enjoy Rosie's for the food and atmosphere, but really I like it here because many of my friends are here often.  I have not had any of their entrees, but their appetizers are pretty tasty. I prefer the pretzel with cheese and mustard. The mustard is face-puckering good.  The place starts getting pretty loud toward the end of happy hour, so conversation at that time is tenuous.  They have a nice patio area, both downstairs and upstairs.  The staff are usually pretty attentive, but there are exceptions.  They have free wifi, and many of the booths on the east side of the restaurant have outlets, so it's a nice coworking environment, during the day time hours.  I will return.
I'm 2 weeks new to Phoenix. I looked up Irish bars in town and found Rosie's. The decor and ambience was outstanding. I went there by myself on a Wednesday night in hopes of finding some friendly folks and that is exactly what happened. I ate dinner at the bar. Marcy was the bartender and she was very friendly and helpful and she introduced me to a whole bunch of people. For dinner I had a Rueben sandwich, which was pretty large and very good. I had a a small Rosie salad as my side and it did the job. I wish it was made with lettuce other than iceburg, but the bacon & eggs & other toppings helped a whole lot. I drank a nice, cold Smithwick's from the tap. Followed that up with 2 vodka tonics and my whole tab was under $25!   The basketball game was on when I first got there. After the game, the jukebox was playing a fabulous mix of the best oldies. Around 10pm a live band played. I didn't catch much of their performance but I did notice that I really like the singer's voice and that's rare for me since I don't typically care for female vocalists.   All the people I spoke to were super nice and very welcoming. I am sure I will see a bunch (or all) of them again and I look forward to that!
Stopped in Phoenix for the night on the way back home and found this place on Yelp.  Easy to find, plenty of parking the evening we were there and got a decent seat.  Service was slow at first and not too friendly when we walked in.  No big deal, we were here for a few pints of Guinness and some grub.  Our first two pints were served in not-beer-clean glasses...if you don't know what that means it probably doesn't matter to you.  The shepherds pie was mediocre.  It was beef and not lamb, the potatoes were lumpy and it was not hot at all.  I didn't finish it and instead picked at my wife's french fries soaked in malt vinegar.  Also, the waitress was trying too hard...it bugs me to be called 'guys' at a 4 star and it bugs me when I am in a divey pub and the waiter/ess puts on the snob.
Friendly staff, great atmosphere, and adequate food.  Plus, cider and Guiness on tap!
This is in my 'hood, yo!  I come for the fish n chips.  Nothing more, nothing less.  I always have a great server and I can't remember her name but she has about 6 kids or something like that. My apartment building is close, so my neighbors also frequent Rosie's.  I seriously need to get there sometime for the music!
The first few times I went to Rosie's I would have said it was just okay. But Rosie's has since grown on me exponentially. They have a great happy hour, a friendly staff and a vast selection of draught beers! I moved from Tempe to Phoenix and was kind of bummed that I would have to travel a good distance to get my favorite Four Peaks beers, but Rosie's has saved me that trip! It might be at a slight premium, but enjoying a delicious Hop Knot (or three!) and being able to walk home, is well worth it. If you're a person that likes a good crowd, live music, friendly service, decent food and great beer, you should definitely go to Rosie's!
After my friends talked this place up over and over, I finally made it there for happy hour and was not disappointed. Not only did they have great happy hour specials and amazing food, they also had Tuaca (mmmmm).   The nachos were the main objective and were to die for! Real melted cheese AND processed nacho cheese...oh mannnnn, so good. The chicken we added was also really well seasoned and along with the beans, salsa, and sour cream this was a truly winning combination. I also decided to try the pulled pork sliders and was glad I did! Seriously delicious pork on buttery toasted little buns with a great bbq sauce on the side...we'll order these again for sure.  Friendly and helpful server, fabulous food and drinks (at great prices), fun ambiance...I will definitely be back to Rosie's and hope to see you there.
Rosie's has become one of my go-to bars. It does get pretty loud on occasion, but if you go there during the weeknights, it's really chill. They have beers from 4 Peaks which I love, including my delicious Hop Knot. Their appetizers are exactly what you'd expect: huge, greasy, delicious, and making me feel guilty for days. Great drunk food, cool place, good beer...I'm definitely committed to this place.
Every week I plan to make a trip across the street for a pint of Guinness. It doesn't always work out that way but when it does Rosie never lets me down. I always visit during happy hour around 4. They have it from 4-7pm. Its a dollar off on beers and half off on appetizers. My favorite are the potato wedges- they go brilliantly with a Guinness.  I'm not into the night-pub scene so I can only recommend the afternoons. Been there a few times at night and I wasn't really impressed with the dinner entrees- but its a pub so no stressin. I think they have live music most nights of the week. I hear a lot of bands over the weekends for sure since I live across the street.    So go for a late lunch and watch all the traffic on Camelback whilst you enjoy Ireland's finest.  Cheers Phoenix.
A poor excuse of an "Irish" pub full of douchebags and bimbos.  No thank you.
Do not get the fish and chips. It was bad. Did I say bad ... It was fucking terrible   ...and they didn't even compensate even though I only ate 3 bites.
I grudgingly returned after my first review at the behest of a good friend.  My previous review stands BUT I have to mention that this bar is full of ugly people.  Seriously, these are some homely patrons.  I can't go back because if this is an ugly person bar and I go to there then what does it say about me?
Went tonight for a late dinner on a whim. Glad I did! The inside is really cozy and we had fast, excellent service even on a Saturday night. I got the meatloaf sandwich which was awesome - not just typical meatloaf but also with bacon and corned beef mixed in. Served with aged cheddar on sourdough with a side of mashed potatoes. Delicious with a Strongbow cider. An Irish-style band played that night too - live music is a plus. Will definitely be back.
Always crowded on Friday/Saturdays, always hard to find a place to park, always a good pour on Guinness, always friendly help, always loud inside, always a good enough time.   I actually prefer Seamus' downtown, but Rosie's is good enough.
I have a hard time differentiating Rosie from Seamus.  Well, one is in walking distance and one requires that I drive.  Their menus are essentially the same with Rosie being a little more Americanized and Seamus more Irish.  Rosie's claim to fame in my book is that they have Magner's on draft.  It's like Strongbow, but drier so it has less of a sweet bite.  The food here is pretty decent, but I usually come here for beers (or ciders, in my case) and food is an afterthought.  Happy Hour goes from 4 to 7 and you get a dollar off beers and 2 bucks off appetizers.  A pretty good deal.
A group of friends met there the other evening for a happy hour. They were very accommodating. First and foremost, they allowed our group of 20 or so to have separate tabs, not all places are so nice. The server was attentive over the 5 hours we spent there. The atmosphere was great and all the ambience you would expect from an Irish pub.
Best Irish pub in town, hands down! Yes it is busy, if you want a fun time and some well poured Guiness this is the place. Awesome people watching! Great spirits!
Crappy parking.  Seriously, crappy parking.  Small lot, next to a car sales lot, you have to park in the neighborhood when things get busy.  That being said, you don't go there for the service, you go there for the fun.  For whatever reason, everytime a good group of folks go there, its like stepping into your own cheers.  The prices are average, the food is good, but the service is blah.  Somehow you don't care because you always have a good time listening to the tunes and having pints.
First time I had been there!   Ordered a few appetizers and both were great!  It has a great feel inside and I would definitely come back!
There's not enough parking onsite for cars or butts on a Saturday night, but I'm willing to let that slide. We parked on a nearby street and managed to find a spot near our friends' table.  Then, the fun began. I asked the waitress for a glass of Jameson on the rocks. She seemed stressed, and like she was juggling a million open tabs at the time, so I told her I'd pay in cash. I meant to make it easier on her.
When I was little kid growing up...  I would say to myself, "when I turn 21 I will have my first 'legal' drink there" Little did I know I would be having my first legal drink in another Irish pub 1400miles north of PHX, in a pub called Kells. I have always liked Irish pubs. Cant put my finger on why...  Rosie was great because they are always a nice amount of people. Its relaxing and invigorating all at the same time. The smoldering mixture of the band and older middle aged patrons trying to find a little bit of fun they still can squeeze out. YA! thats going to be me one day....  And like always, got to eat those fries...mmm sweet papas!  R\_  NOte: Bartender, I do one want to be a philanthropist but at this time I cant..so I will not pay for ever bodies tab...2x this has happen. Is the machine unable to separate tabs? curious.
Not totally surprised at some of the bad reviews (parking does suck)...this is the kind of a bar that might just not be for everyone but, I have never been disappointed here. We even bring the kids for dinner and have always had good service and good food. Fish and chips were great, as was the corned beef and cabbage! Good selection of beer and spirits. Overall, definitely worth a try or a return visit!
This is my favorite bar in North Phoenix because it's a true "local," just like the ones I found living in Ireland. The staff is great, though colorful, the atmosphere is top notch, music is great though loud and the drinks.. delicious! Sure, it's not for everyone.. this isn't a Scottsdale skank bar or West Valley sprawl corporate bar. It's authentic. It's Phoenix.. or a weird Irish version of it.
As a bone-fide Irishman, this seems like a pub you could come across in rural Ireland, which is appealing. Great place to go and hang out with friends when you just want to chill over a beer.  That said, the "Irish" band playing were pretty awful, a mix of older and younger folks, definitely not beautiful people (which is not a big deal but just sharing), and the parking is limited.  Would consider this over the tilted kilt for Paddy's Day but otherwise, been there, done that at this point. Oh, and the beers were ridiculously expensive, ouch! Does seem like Dublin Ireland after all.
My husband and I dined here this evening at about 7:30 for dinner. I had high hopes for this place. It looks fun from the outside. I was impressed when I read somewhere that Mr McCaffrey introduced Guinness to Phoenix. Since the owners are from Ireland, I was anticipating an authentic Irish experience here.  Well, our first impression was, shall I say, odd. We walked in the main entrance and were greeted by...nobody. The place looked empty at first, and we wondered if we had come through the wrong door. We walked around trying to figure out where we were supposed to be, got funny looks from people at the bar, then returned from whence we came, only to discover a small sign instructing us to seat ourselves. Whoops!  We chose a booth and wondered how anyone would know we were there. After a bit (maybe 5 minutes?) a very nice waitress greeted us saying "I didn't see you guys all the way over here!" She took our drink order (water - we're easy to please in that regard) and swiftly returned with our beverages. The swiftness did not continue, however.  We probably sat there about 15 or 20 minutes waiting to give our waitress our orders. Mind you, the HUGE place was near empty. When she finally returned to us, she asked us if we were okay, and apologized, saying she had forgotten about us.  The ambiance was nice and Irish-like. However, I will say that I wished they had chosen Irish music to play over the stereo, rather than assorted genres of 90s American music. Weird.  Now onto the food. They didn't seem to have much on the menu that seemed very authentically Irish. Maybe the Irish don't have much variety in their food? At any rate, I had the corned beef and cabbage, and my other half had the shepherd's pie. Both were good, but not as good as I had hoped for. Fresh ingredients would have made a big difference. Also, it was disappointing that there was ground beef, not sheep, in the shepherd's pie.  Overall, this place was just okay, and we both agreed that we wouldn't desire to return there.
I always hate giving bad reviews, but our service left quite a bit to be desired. I can normally dismiss such things, but it became evident that our bad service was not a fluke.  We arrived around 10:00 and was told that food would only be served until 11. That wouldn't be a problem at all except that our waitress didn't return with menus until close to 10:30 and then returned to take our orders at only a few minutes before 11. The place had other patrons, but it certainly wasn't so busy as to take an hour to get our orders. Unfortunately, on each of our visits, the waitress was half listening and seemed easily confused  The food itself was quite good. The Shepherd's pie was hot and tasty and the bloody marys were actually perfectly spiced. Neither was worth getting excited about, but they were certainly decent and reasonably priced.   Considerably later in the evening, our waitress returned with the bill. There was one extra drink on the bill which no one ordered and she was perfectly friendly about saying she'd remove it, but we spent a good five minutes as she kept getting confused about our - apparently - very complicated instructions of "$20 on the credit card. The rest in cash" She continually read back excessively complex scenarios, and we kept asking her simply to put twenty on the card, that's all.  When she returned, she had taken $20 of our cash towards the bill, charged $60 to the card and kept the remaining $55 in cash as a tip. That's just shy of a 75% tip she assigned herself.   We spoke to the manager, who couldn't find her for some time, and when she showed up, she blamed us repeatedly. She finally refunded the card and brought us our new bill, with the extra drink.  It wasn't worth arguing about at that point.  The sad part is that everyone at my table, and our surrounding tables started telling similar tales from past visits. I guess this kind of service is not uncommon.
This place is as close to Ireland that you'll get here in Arizona... I mean this place is the real deal! Some of the bartenders are even Irish... or at least extremely good at faking the accent! I'm a bit disappointed in myself for waiting so long to check this place out, but I finally scored my first check in here on Saturday for the USA vs Mexico match! Walking in I was thrilled to see how rustic and authentic evertything was! Soccer and rugby jerseys, along with Jameson and Guiness signs covering the walls... I ordered a pint of guiness, a shot of bushmills, some chicken wings and felt right at home!  The food was prepared very well and did not disappoint! I didn't try any of their "authentic" pub food, but the food I did have hit the spot! You can basically sit anywhere and see a tv, which will come in handy later this year when the English Premier League kicks off again (GO CHELSEA)
Best Irish Bar in Phoenix, hands down.  The fish and chips are fantastic as are most things on the menu.  They're occasionally a bit slow, especially when they're busy.  If you're in the mood for a pint and a plate, this is the place to go in Phoenix.
This place is a local spot and has been for a long time. The atmosphere is great and the fish n chips are the best. Service is always great. The fish n chips are not battered too much and the are fried to a golden brown color. pretty amazing with sauce tatar.
We planned a happy hour here this past Fri night.  I had heard good things so I was really looking forward to some fun with good friends and good beer.  Unfortunately, I was drastically disappointed.  The service was absolutely terrible.   The question of "What do you have on tap?" should not be a difficult one to answer.  Our server didnt feel like answering and instead pointed to the menus with attitude as if we were making her night miserable.   Strike One.  Our group quickly turned from 4 to 8.  When we turned to our server to assist us in relocating to a larger table, she told us we could look around if we wanted to, but she didnt think it was possible to accomodate a party of 8.  We asked about the upstairs and she told us there was a private party and no room.   A friend of mine went up anyways, to see a perfectly open table with 8 lovely chairs.  He asked the private party, which was paying the check and getting ready to leave, if they minded we sit at the other table.  Of course, they didnt care at all and we moved ourselves. Strike Two.  Despite the bad attitude and completely unaccomodating service, we managed to rack up quite a bill between all of us.  I waited tables for four years and consider it a given with such a large party and hefty bill to offer separate checks.  Before we could even ask, the SINGLE check was dropped with 18% Gratuity added to it.        Stike Three.  The food was average at best.  I've had better Potato Skins at TGI Fridays.  Its a shame, because this place is a $5 cab ride from my home and I really wanted to like it.    I will make the drive to Rula Bula over this place any day.
"This is an Irish bar," was all they would tell me. "Do you have mojitos?" Waitress' response, "absolutely not, this is an Irish bar." Me,  "Can I get a margarita?" Response, "We just have your standard marg mix and tequila, after all, this is just an Irish bar." Oh, I see...  Sometimes beer just isn't cold enough in freakin', steamin' hot Arizona and you just NEED a beverage with ice cubes.   I ended up getting a "irish" drink, beer on tap... but I still NEEDED ice cubes. ICE- water please? Waitress was very reluctant to provide delicious ICE water it seemed.... But to give her the benefit of the doubt, it was Friday during happy hour and I was there with a group of about twelve and you don't get tipped much for serving water.  BUT parking is also a mess (besides the lack of mojitos and margs).  Their dinky lil parking lot fills up super quick and thirsty patrons are left to their own devices to find parking on neighborhood side streets that won't tow their car. I was fortunate to find parking close by :)  I did like this place because its a great place to socialize with friends... hopefully everyone in the group is kosher with drinking beer.
Went to happy hour with my roommate and her co-workers on Friday and had a similar experience to most of the other reviews here.  Though, I don't know exactly what was expected from the reviewers who said the service was "terrible" and that the servers were rude...  It's a pub, not Cesear's Palace!  Pros:  Great music!  I was pleasantly surprised, as I am a music snob and most bars play crap. The relaxed atmosphere makes it ideal for happy hour after a long work week.  Lots of happy faces, laughter, good times.    Cons:  It was game day for ASU, happy hour and Friday - basically, a recipe for sllllloooowww service.  My waitress was quick to get me a menu, but slow to get me change and the check.  The furniture definitely needs replacing...  I don't need a laz-e-boy or anything, but it'd be cool if the seat remained attached to the frame.  Just sayin.  All in all, it was a pretty typical happy hour pub experience, similar to George & Dragon.
Average food and decent happy hour drink prices.  They have a new patio, but the parking can be difficult.  Come early for happy hour, because it get's packed on Friday!
Classic Irish Pub with particularly classic Irish pub food. Some of their menu is also inaccurate so ask before ordering.   Pros: Good service (Bridget was very attentive), nice beer selection as one would expect from a pub like this, music was not too loud, food was filling  Cons: The food may be filling but it was also bland  There is nothing particularly bad or good about this place. I am sure if I was a heavy drinker this would be a great place to have a pint. I went there for dinner and it was mediocre. $27 for 2 people including a Strongbow Cider so not terrible price either.  It's the place you pass on Camelback Ave all the time wondering if you should go in there and have a drink, but you never do and keep driving.
Rosie McCaffrey's  The short: The best no-frills bar food I've had in a long time in a dim, but clean and cheery pub environment with decent service--a good addition to a list of dependable, casual standbys.   The long:  Rosie's located on the north side of Camelback and it really sticks out because it looks like a cute, two-story Irish pub dropped down between a couple of car dealerships. Every time we drive by on a weekend night, the place is lit up and packed to the gills with a line of cars waiting to get in to park, so I can attest from that that parking is a stinker during prime pub hours. We went on a Saturday afternoon, though, for lunch, and parking in their lot on the west side of the building was a breeze. The pub theme carried through inside, even more so, with dark-stained wood booths and trim everywhere. There were a couple of handfuls of patrons starting their bar tabs early, and as we progressed through our meal, more people came in to eat and drink. It was nice how all the wood sucked up the sound, so while the place filled up slowly but steadily, it never got very noise. The walls are covered with really cool art, including giant portraits depicting Irish heroes and influences like James Joyce.   We snuck in through the west entrance and were at first confused as to where and how to get a table, but after we flagged down some help, we were told to sit anywhere and were brought a couple of menus after a short wait. We gave a drink order, and it took another short wait before someone came to take our food order. After that, service rolled along pretty well--our glasses were kept full and empty dishes were quickly picked up and taken away.   We started with Rosie's chili con queso dip--queso with beef brisket, rotel tomatoes, chilies, and tortilla chip. The dip was brought in a little cauldron surrounded by tri-color chips. Some were stale, but most of them were fine. The dip started off a little runny and seemed to be all liquid cheese, but we could taste the yummy brisket, and after awhile, we found the few precious, tender meat chunks that were in there. All in all, it was pretty tasty, even if it wasn't uniform.   My boyfriend had Rosie's Reuben with fries. The Reuben came with sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, and Thousand Island dressing. I was jealous when I tried it. I love a good Reuben, and Rosie's Reuben is solid--grilled-crisp bread, tender and succulent flavorful corned beef, not overdressed, gooey cheese that doesn't take over--so good. I had "Our Famous Best of Phoenix Harp Battered Fish-N-Chips," which came with coleslaw, sweet potato fries, and tartar sauce. I saw several awards Rosie's had won from rags like the New Times, so I figured I should go with those blaring recommendations. I'm happy I did! The fish was crunchy, but not overbattered and had a clean taste. Both the sweet potato fries and regular fries were great--they came crispy and stayed crispy through the whole meal.
Food is good.. Service is so so (to be expected on a Friday night...)  The reason for the one star is the server delivered the incorrect bill for our table.  While the waitress corrected the bill she billed my credit card for both the correct and incorrect amounts!!   My advice.. double check your dinner bill at this place..  Message to management:  Take the beef ribs off your menu.  The multiple times I've been there you're always "out."
Rosie McCaffrey's is an Irish pub in Central Phoenix.  Rosie's is a great bar and probably the best Irish pub I've ever been to. It's one of those places that has a fun vibe to it every time you're there. Everyone from the servers, bartenders, and patrons are very friendly, which makes for a good time.   The food is pretty damn good as well, with Irish classics such as Fish & Chips, Corned Beef & Cabbage, and Shepherd's Pie.   There are also other great things on the menu with my favorite being their pulled pork sandwich. The meatloaf sandwich, bbq pork sliders, and tuna melt are pretty good as well.   Great bar, friendly service, and good food, gives Rosie McCaffrey's an above average rating of four stars.
I've been going to Rosie's for just over six years now.  I'm not a drinker, but if I did... This is the place.  I go there often, because I've never had a bad meal or a bad time.  Very friendly and inviting atmosphere and reminds me alot of the Irish bars back in New York.  Highly recommend them.
Rosie's is mine and my sister's go to beer place. It is conveniently close and just very cozy. I always get the Magner's Cider which is so damn delicious, and Wenesday's live performer is always so delightful to listen to.
A beautifully appointed establishment with a true feel of Irish Americana appointment. Much on the menu is note worthy, but I must first rave on the fish and chips. There is no better, and the company makes you feel like family. 4 stars!!!!
Three words: Legit Irish pub.  None of this nonsense where they place Guinness ads everywhere and make vague references to Dublin on some sign. But a great bar, with a wall of whiskey and the best British beers. Seriously, almost every whiskey I can think of is on their shelf, and all YOU have to do is decide if you're hardcore enough for straight shots or car bombs. With a coke, you say? Wuss.  Anyways, I saw some people ordering food (I was just here to drink) and it looked pretty good. I'll be back!
Fish and chips are perfect, right down to the french fries and tartar sauce. Throw in a Guiness and you have a perfect meal.
Probably not my first choice of places to hit (I live fairly close and can probably count on one hand the number of times I've been here). The place tends to get a little too crowded for my taste and if you're not there for happy hour, the drink prices ain't exactly cheap. On the other hand, the atmosphere is fun and lively, the service is usually friendly enough and I love the new patio. I figure if you have some cash and the right crowd you probably could do worse.......you may have to park a few blocks down the street but at least you can walk some of the booze off when you call it a night.
I liked this place. We went on a Saturday evening and put down a couple of pints. I like mixed pints so I was happy to see Black and Tans and Bumblebees advertised in their menu. We ordered the specials of the day which were a steak sandwich and a sausage sandwich. I was going to order the meatloaf sandwich but the waitress gave the steak sandwich a higher rating and I have learned that you should always trust the wait staff's recommendations.   The guy liked his sausage sandwich but I was weirded out by his fries. I asked him if he bit them in half and placed them back on his plate. He said he hadn't....they were just stubby as it had to have been the end of the batch? He still enjoyed them none the less and I think it was just I that had a problem with the fact that they were not esthetically pleasing. The steak sandwich was decent enough---not good enough to write home about but it got the job done. The waitress was very attentive, good customer service. They also had an Irish band playing starting around 9pm or so. Good band and some great classic songs.
If you're in the neighborhood, it's not full of skivers having a session. Service was friendly and ample. Food was good. Exactly the pub we needed to find. A chat with a local Barney, the jig my daughter ripped into was heart felt, live music, and a boxty that tastes like my dad made it.
What a fun place! The vibe was totally chill, bartender had an accent. Our waitress was slightly over eager to cash us out so she could leave, but I'm willing to over look it because this place was so cool. Live music nightly too!
I have been here so far quite a few times and have not been disappointed yet. Great atmosphere, great food, great live music on fridays and saturdays. I have been here for both dinner and drink and for lunch and a beer. The atmosphere is always laid back and never really uncomfortable. Looking for a great irish pub experience here in phx, az.... Rosie McCaffrey's is your place for small and quaint. Enjoy.
Let me confess, I am a Pub Snob. Growing up in Canada in an area with heavy Scottish, Irish and British immigrant population and pair that with the fact that my husband IS British and we make a nightmare of a couple to try to impress with a "pub".  We tried Rosie McCaffrey's out of sheer desperation for something to eat one night as neither of us could find anything in the fridge. As we pulled into the very busy parking lot around 730 we braced ourselves to be seriously disappointed. Heading inside we were relieved to see a warm, wood paneled dining area that was slightly separated from the bar area, this helped muffled the noise from the Happy Hour crowd that was still working on their final pints.  A sweet friendly gal told us to grab a seat anywhere and she would be right back to take our drink orders. As we settled into a comfy wooden benched booth we both began to have a glimmer of hope. The draught menu contained Magners Cider which my hubby had not had since his last trip to England about 10 years ago and I settle on a bottle of local brew that was a mere $3.50! The drink specials were great and it wasn't even happy hour, and to top it off our waitress was prompt with the drinks, they were nicely chilled and she was about as sweet as pie.  The menu was another pleasant surprise, it is fairly small but with some strong dishes. If you like Boxty, they make it up fresh everyday, and the stewed item is different everyday so please check with the server. We both ordered fish and chips and we were blown away. The server presented us with a large platter of fresh cut fries and one large fillet surrounded by crisp, golden, BEER batter. Yep real beer batter, they even tell you they use Harps in the batter. The fish inside was perfectly moist, and a nice thick cut. No thin fish, fried to fish leather here! The slaw served on the side was fresh, so fresh that the cabbage crunched, no wilted, mayo slather gunk at this joint! Most importantly the tartar sauce didn't taste like bottled, it was creamy with lots of pickle and the malt vinegar was already at tableside.  For desert we tried the bread pudding with whiskey sauce. Moist and studded with plump rasins, drizzled with thick rich sauce. Absolutely delish! As we were digging into dinner, a live band started their set. The noise level was carefully controlled so that the band didn't drown out the conversations in the bar.  Overall we left stuffed and extremely happy. I can say that we found a real pub here in Phoenix!
Decent food and good service. Nice ambience as well.
they have the best corn beef and cabbage. Awesome karaoke on Tuesday nights.
After a friend had a bad experience here I never dared to venture in. But I recently moved nearby and was determined to get drunk somewhere so I took a cheap cab ride to Rosie McCaffrey's.  Given it was during the week, the bar was pretty quiet. We got there around 10 or so and wanted to sit outside but it appeared they had washed down the patio area so all the seats were soaked - a little disappointing given it was still pretty early in the evening, but we shook it off and sat at the bar. I like the decor inside. Feels very Irish-countryside and there are a lot of little trinkets and things hanging on the walls for your eyes to wander over. There was a band playing that night - a charming acoustic duo singing Mumford & Sons and other folky covers. Definitely added to the ambiance.   The bartender was okay - not incredibly friendly or fast (even though we were like 1 of 3 groups in the place that night). The cocktails were extremely weak and watery but they have a great selection of beers and from the looks of the menu a pretty good happy hour. We didn't really try the food - we only had fried munchies (onion rings, fries, and mozzarella sticks) but they were tasty. Tasted beer-battered and the breading on the mozzarella sticks was not the typical crumby breading but a thin, crispy one. A little overpriced but nothing to be sore about.  I'd give this place another shot - sounds like it'd be a whole different atmosphere on a Friday or Saturday night.
I just never know if it's because of my high expectations of what I think this place should or could be or if it's actually the quality of the whole experience but for whatever reason's it never seems to meet my expectations because of it's limitations but I feel most of the staff does a great job it's just that it never seems to all come together.......... Plus the beer isn't cold enough.... Til next time
LOVE this place....the atmosphere, drinks and food.  Sam is God's gift to bartenders, hands down.  Rosie's is a gem in the rough in the Camelback corridor.
Rosie's is arguably one of the best Irish pubs in central Phoenix. The Tempe area has a few great ones, but I think Rosie's might even best those in competition, too.   Somehow, I seem to end up here on Friday evenings with my brother and order fish and chips to be downed with a good Guinness. Even a Black and Tan will do the trick. For some reason, I'm not a huge fan of their fries - they're a bit too soggy for me - but everyone else seems to like them well enough. I've had the baby back ribs, which are pretty good for a pub, but I recommend asking for the Boxty Daily Special. Who doesn't love a good special?? Also notable are the traditional Irish dishes: Corned Beef & Cabbage and Shepherd's Pie.   The atmosphere is mellow and well decorated - large portraits of famous Irishmen decorate a few walls. Sometimes live music plays, and sometimes karaoke is going strong. The patio is always hopping with interesting folks who are easygoing and generally seem to be up for a good chat.
It was a lot better. Food and service have declined over the years. Still one of the best Irish pubs in terms of atmosphere... but don't expect much more than that. I can't even bring coworkers from out of town there anymore...
Great pub with a geniune celtic feel. Like any good irishman I like space to roam around - this place has it with ample space and seating (upstairs and downstairs patio). The beers here are great, selection is great, as is the live irish music. One of these days I'd like to bring my fiddle and opt in for an irish jam session. Waiting staff was friendly and quick with food and drinks. Last time I was in about a week ago, there was a fight on the entrance patio one guy got a broken nose, the other a bloodly leg from a bottle cut. The cops were called and broke the whole thing up. Everyone else on the patio just hanging out, watching - entertainment, I guess. It was a good night though. I'll be back again.
Good food, great happy hour, live music...  love rosies!
Rosie McCaffrey's is my favorite Irish pub, nay my favorite bar of all time! I can always find a seat at the bar and I can always find decent people to converse with. Bartenders are super nice and friendly. As far as the food goes I can't say too much, I've only ever really had the wings and they are sufficient. I mainly go for the vibe and to relax with a nice ale. Love going on Friday or Saturday nights because the bands are always top notch and everyone always seems to be having a good time.  Honestly, I've had quite a few experiences here in 6 years. Met some amazing people. Exchanged some numbers. Had deep introspective conversations with close friends and strangers. It's always been a great time and isn't that what it's all about?   I can't recommend this place enough. Give it a chance and if you're disappointed you're  probably just a sad hollow shell of a human being.
3-4 stars. This is a fine Irish bar. I would return, however I wish the female server would have picked up her game a bit. The prices were acceptable and the atmosphere classic. The food was nothing to write home about, but it was traditional Irish fare.
Rosie's has a great atmosphere, friendly staff,good music, fun locals, and a good selection of ice cold brews. I always have a fun time at Rosie's.   As a vegetarian I have only had a so-so experience with their food. French fries and cheese sticks are all standard, formerly frozen dive bar food. My husband does like their Irish food selection, however.
Came for St. Paddy's and had a blast. It was the day before so it wasn't too insane. We had some drinks and hung out and that was fun but the food wasn't super impressive.  My review is more based on the food than the atmosphere and drinks - I would definitely go back because its a great spot but I would stick to the general bar food that you can't really muck up. I had the pulled pork sliders and the meat was bland. It was supposed to come with some cold slaw on top of them, but there were about 3 strands of slaw on each slider. My boyfriend had the reuben and said it was pretty good but I didn't try it.   Over all the place is cool and I will be back but limit myself on the food part.
You would think one of the higher rated Irish bars would be able to handle the crowd the night before St Patricks Day. You'd be wrong.  Standing room only and they only have 2 people behind the bar! So not every table gets good service.  I tried standing by the bar but just got ignored.  If you are not at a booth or the. Ar you're out of luck.  It is up to you to flag down a waitress.  After that she checked on us regularly.  The bar was very crowded as usual for a Saturday night and we were sitting in a location where we got bumped quite a bit but luckily nobody spilled beer on us.  One guy fell into me  one time and later the same guy was pushed on into me. Despite that we had a very good time. The band was really good and I definitely would go back.  We did not try the food.
I gather most Pubs would look like this.  I enjoy my dives dingy, dark, and dink, but this place has a lot of room to fill.  Maybe in case you need to lay down somewhere after a few drinks haha!    I'm sure on a good St. Patty's day this place would totally rock and pop!  On a regular weekend night it's pretty quiet except with the live band which was playing.  They weren't too bad actually and I rather enjoyed some of the covers they played.  I was tad bit thrown off regarding the parking since it's not the best in the world, but oh well.  Funny cause it's literally next a sales lot.  There are a lot smokers on the patio and front door area, which for me doesn't feel inviting.  I hate to walk past a haze of good o nicotine for a few drinks; cause I can't get enough 2nd hand smoke on a daily basis!  I'm probably being to critical.  Sorry smokers don't mean to offend.    Overall the drinks came fast, but my Gimlet was definitely not fresh squeezed lemon and lime.  Right out of the bottle I'm sure so it was extra sweet and tangy - Zip!  In the end, I think I'll wait til St. Patty's to return if anything - Enjoy!
The tricky thing about living in my neighborhood is that there are so many quality places (quality in my mind and according to Yelp pretty quality as well) that it's easy to get stuck going to the same places when I go out.  Rosie's is pretty much right down the street from me but Monday was the first time I'd gone in for forever.   Me and a girlfriend of mine sat up at the bar as the place was in that in between time where it was just after lunch but not quite happy hour aka dead.  I ordered a black velvet with the bald bartender whose name I didn't get but who was very friendly. Unlike some of the cocktails I've ordered, it's beer and cider so it's straight forward and was delicious on that warm day.  I love all the wood and interesting details put into this place; definitely doesn't feel like it's a bar that belongs on a busy street like Camelback.   I ordered the Pastrami Reuben that they'd just added to the menu and wasn't disappointed in the slightest.  The grease eased a hang over from the night before and the meat was prepared just right.  They went easy on the 1000 Island but the pretzel bun that it came on was delicious! The fries were cooked just right.   I will definitely make it a point to return sooner as the weather is perfect right now & I love me a good Irish bar!
Just went yesterday. had a great time. love the decor. and the food was great.
Never again will we go here. We are fairly sure we got FOOD POISONING from eating here. A friend of ours insisted we had to go for the fish and chips: place was pretty empty when we arrived, and we were told to seat ourselves. The appetizers were pretty good- pizza mozzarella sticks.   I don't like fried fish, so I had a chicken sandwich, which had mayo. My husband had the fried fish, as well as coleslaw(made with mayo), which no one else in our party ate. 2-4 hours later, we both started feeling quite ill- agonizingly painful stomach cramps, nausea, and several other symptoms I won't go into here. The symptoms lasted for 4 days. Bottom line, avoid anything with mayo.  We certainly will not return.
Can a place be judged by one appetizer - I say yes. Do not order their Potato cakes or Potato pellets (can't recall official name, but it's on the App menu). Yes, I knew these things were going to be deep fried, but how lazy is the freakin kitchen in this place? They dump these frozen crappy things into a fryer and serve it up with good ole' ranch to cover the taste. Do I now have to ask specifically about everything on every menu to make sure I'm not getting ripped off - apparently yes. The menu description says potatoes and green chiles and other spices rolled together, etc. How hard is it to take some of your fresh mashed stuff, roll it up , etc and deep fry it? Nah, these guys aren't interested in serving quality food, so we get a cowdung sized pellet filled with fake potatoes and having no taste. Pathetic.    Happy Hour drinks are a joke as well. They were only $2.75 for well drinks, but the 2 drinks I had and the 2 drinks she had were all water, no booze.  Plus, the blonde bartender had no clue how to change the TV stations. It was funny watching her try to change channel old school style on the set. The manager rescued her later with the remote..lol.
I've only been here on St.Paddy's.   On a day like that, an irish bar can be a huge cluster.  We have actually tried some out on the west side that do the whole tent and stage thing, and it was a disaster. McCaffrey's pulls it off nicely. This will be our new tradition. Sure, getting a beer isn't as easy a normal day would be, but those bartenders busted balls to get to everyone at their bar.  They had a tent running full swing as well.  The lines were kept pretty short and I was able to keep my glass full which is what's important in life. I recommend sitting on the patio if you can swing it.  Great people watching.   We had a lot of fun, and while there was a cover it wasn't completely ridiculous, and since they had thier crap together it was worth it!
The band was a ridiculous amount of fun but the drinks were a little more than I thought they should have been. I guess I needed to get drunker. :)
Serves up some pretty typical pub food. Bland is as good a description for the food as it gets. The onion rings are bland, the burgers are bland, the bbq is bland, the fries are bland.... you get the idea. Nice patio, drink prices are ok. Service is so so.
Good Reuben's and Shepherd's Pie.  Lots of tvs to catch a sports game.
AMAZING mozzarella sticks!!!!!!
Always a favorite.  Really great food.  Smithwick's is cold & flowing!
Yesterday, (16 June 2013) my son visited Rosie McCaffrey's. He ordered a hamburger and a small pitcher of beer. When he attempted to pay, his debit card was declined. He asked me to go by and take care of the bill. Upon my arrival, (16 June 2013, 1800hrs.) I spoke with bartender "Sam" who refused to take my debit card stating she had paid cash out of her pocket. She was unable to explain why she couldn't use my card and take cash from the register. I told her I'd write her a check then because I had no cash. She refused a check!! Eventually, Sam told me there was an ATM outside. I obtained cash from the ATM and returned to pay the bill of $14.08. Then, Sam refused to give me a receipt for the $20.00 I gave her ($14.08 plus tip). At the end of our visit she gave me my son's debit card and driver's license without even knowing who I was!!! Needless to say, no one in our family will be visiting Rosie McCaffrey's again.
The Fish N Chips are excellent
Wow, what a letdown!  All the great reviews and I was expecting fish and chips on par with Tim Finnegans or Fibber Magees.  The fish was over-cooked, in fact, EVERYTHING was over-cooked.  The french fries were like shoe-string stones!!  Rosie and Seamus, you need to inspect your cooks, they're asleep at the wheel!
I love Rosie's... it's definitely the go-to Irish pub. I like its central location, atmosphere, prices, music, drink selection, staff, and best of all their outdoor patio.
It's ok, and the prices are ok. But the only things that I have consistently liked here are the Irish Car Bombs, the giant pretzels(...mmmm sodiyummy...(sodium + yummy...you know?) and beer-cheesy!) and the servers are more-or-less on the ball 100% of the time.  Anywho, I know they've been going through a couple of staffing issues with their cook(s) so I will refrain from being too bummed out on the food...PLUS it was a Monday night so I'll give 'em the benefit of the doubt.   We ordered the Foley's Sampler, the chicken fingers were AWESOME, the wings were really decent too, but I could've done without ANY of the rest of it.   Next time I'll see about ordering some traditional Irish fare and make a real assessment. Yes, I'll be back. But I'm not making any other excuses for y'all, dammit.
Fish and chips and corned beef and cabbage top rate!!!  My first time here, definitely not my last.  Corned beef had not a fleck of fat.  Delicious.  Even the cabbage was very flavorful!  Nice casual atmosphere, not really a dive.  Pub with authentic background music at perfect volume.  Waitress very attentive and knowledgeable of menu.  Appreciated her recommendations very much! We'll be back!!
Loud music. More bar than resturant. Shepard pie had large portion and great taste. Food fair priced. Service slow and not responsive. Server appeared more interested in bar customers than table customers.
Big fan of this place. The snakebite is my go-to drink! The fish & chips are fabulous. I'd definitely recommend ordering at the bar though. The bartenders are usually friendlier than the wait staff.
Rosie McCaffrey's is by far my favorite pub. We have a regular group that gets together weekly for dinner. It's always a pleasant surprise when they have ribs on special. They have to be some of the best I've ever had! And Maggie is the best server there. She is very pleasant and always does a great job taking care of us. She's a real treasure. My friends and I had the chance to meet the owners last time we ate in (we've done take out since then). Rosie and Seamus are absolutely delightful. They really appreciate their customers. Oh, and the menu is back which we are all stoked about. The wings are amazing and my husband Alex and buddy Pete really love the Irish poppers. We've never loved a place so much that we've become regulars, until now. I love Rosie's!
This bar has great atmosphere, but the food is so-so. They had some staffing changes and the menu changed drastically, much to the chagrin of a lot of people I know who go there. Apparently, they are working to get the menu back to the way it was, but I'm finding that their food isn't that good. I eat fish & chips and shepherd's pie there and have found that Tim Finnegan's has much better food.
RIG was awesome. Great live music, great crowd and my favorite Irish ale. What else can a guy ask for. Just a good ole party bar with the neighborhood crowd.
I'm a fan.  Not the best place for drink specials or a good price on a beer, so that would prevent me from making this a regular spot, but I'll be back here and there.  It's got a nice place and feel inside, but the bottom line is the $, and that is what gives it a 3*.  For the mark up on alcohol...come on man, do you value your customers or not?
I do like Rosie's and thank god they got some decent bartenders in there on Saturday night now. The two beeyotches who worked there forever and never cracked a smile needed to go! Much better! The waitresses are always sweet. Some great bands (like RIG) play at Rosie's. The crowd is usually pretty friendly....it is everything you would expect from a neighborhood Irish pub...
this review is for the Blonde bartender: Dont plan on her remembering who you are even if you come in frequently.   my main gripe is: Happy hour actually starts 5-10 minutes PAST 4pm and Ends a good 10 minutes BEFORE 7pm. I know this cuz Blonde charged full draft price on my first drink when I sat down at 3:59 (seriously, thats what my cell phone time said). Also, another visit, I show up at 6:50, still get charged full price.  so lets review, a few minutes of difference, and you end up spending about $9-15 more depending on how many pints you order...I mean, that could have been decent tip money for her.   I'll continue to go, however, if she keeps pulling this shit, I'll just stop tipping her completely
Great authentic Irish Pub not a chain just a real Irish Pub, Great food, music and people.  This is a sure thing to bring out of town guests, family and to celebrate your life. Great memories here for sure.
The most football-friendly bar I've been to in Phoenix. (And by football I mean soccer). They recognize that the USA vs Mexico is an event worthy of audible commentary, while still accommodating those few who have an interest in Venezuela vs. Peru! Well done! Throw in a good happy hour; host a Celtic supporters club; add a plethora of Irish knickknacks; and you've got a good recipe for a proper pub.
Family friendly Tasty corned beef mac and cheese The beer somehow tastes better here!  We love Seamus McCaffrey's, and Rosie's is the perfect family-friendly compliment. Though the shepherd's pie is not as satisfying, the potato skins are good, the corned beef mac and cheese is tasty, and the beer just...mmm.
I have been going to Rosies for a few years now. Definitely a solid little bar with decent food, good service, and fun music. Just a really good place to chill and have a couple beers.  Pros:  - Quick service - Good beers on tap - Good customer service - lots of seating  Cons - Insanely loud when bands are playing - food - older crowd - never attractive women
Leaving to go to George and dragon...have been sittin at booth for half hour and no waitress in sight. Sigh...
A very good friend told me about this Irish pub not too long ago, and since then this family-operated establishment has been one of my go-to destinations for live music and Irish cuisine. The atmosphere is dim lit, bustling, and equipped with several TVs for local sports fans here and there. The dcor starts with an open patio, and a horseshoe bar surrounded by a score of booths and tables. Last Friday the Sullivan's were on hand to provide the live music that rocked the house.  The Jinky's Famous Chicken Wings ($8.99) arrived with ten sizable drumettes and they were spicy delicious. The meat was a tad on the dry side, and I wished there were a number of actual wings that could appear on the plate. On the other hand, the explosive flavor was quite striking, addictive, and good to share. This is a good dish to order during game day.  Their Corned Beef and Cabbage ($11.99) came with prime pieces of corned beef, boiled cabbage, potatoes, carrots, horseradish sauce, and mustard. The thick cuts of corned beef was a tad chewy, but there was plenty of flavor to go with the creamy horseradish and pointed mustard seeds. The cabbage and potatoes were sensational. Portions were generous and good for two meals. This is one dish that I would recommend.  The Grilled Basa ($9.95) came with a strip of perfectly buttery blackened basa. The fish was tender, flavorful, and had great moisture so it was easy to fork into. This dish also came with a side of garlic mashed potatoes nicely whipped with a mix of potato skin here and there. Fia thought the fish was a tad too salty, but we both really liked the mashed potatoes.   Service was friendly, efficient, and fast. My drink was not refilled the first time, but service was much improved during my latest visit. The atmosphere really picked up once the Sullivan's came on stage. Eventually it got a bit too loud and hard to chat across the table. A cool spot to catch a game and enjoy their live music. I would be interested in coming back to try their Fish 'n Chips and Irish Whiskey Bread Pudding.
Great Irish Bar.  Nice Irish music played over the sound system.  The decor is perfect and felt like a true Irish bar.  Nice tap choices, and all kinds of whiskey and scotch choices.  I did not eat here myself but saw others order food and the food looked great.  Nice atmosphere and neat sunset setting for an evening cocktail.
My last visit to RM was one of the most unpleasant experiences I've had at a local venue. I brought a group of friends from out of town to grab some drinks.   We were greeted at the front door by an odor that smelled like raw sewage. To get away from it we migrated to the stage-end of the bar which was empty but the live music was obnoxiously loud.   So we continued to the unheated patio area where we were immediately greeted by two local transients who asked us for cigarettes. We don't smoke and told them so. We grabbed a table and were happy to be seated and clear of the hazards.   Right then an RM staff member entered the patio area and politely asked the transient fellows to move on. They came to an agreement that if he provided them both with cigarettes, they would leave. Guess who the Staff member came over to ask? Seriously. We said no again.  A waiter then came out and took drink orders but informed our 23 year-old Chinese friend in a very cold and apathetic tone that she would not be able to order alcoholic beverages at RM since they would not, out of preference, recognize either of her 2 forms of identification from China.   Our friend was confused since she had ordered drinks at several venues in town before without issue. There was no explanation provided. We apologized to our friend and ensured her that this is not how most venues in the United States treat visitors.   About 10 minutes after drinks were served we were asked to leave the pub since it was 10 pm and our 23 year-old friend could not prove she was 21. She apologized to the group emphatically for causing a scene. We felt horribly for her and for the fact that our waiter took and placed our orders minutes before she knew we would be asked to leave.
The meatloaf sandwich is astounding.  Not a bad little Irish bar, but some of the food is incredible.
(In my beat Irish accent) Good Ol Rosie McCaffrey's! A super place to meet a whole gang of friends for drinks and great Irish food. I love the corn beef on rye with cabbage! Also, sad to say a great place to gather after a funeral for your friend. Singing the song Danny Boy is just not the same in any other pub.
I went there for the first time last night for beers after a long weekend and our waitress was simply not attentive. She seemed rushed and didn't even smile. She forgot my beer and didn't offer to split up a six person tab.   Luckily the chicken wings and beer made up for the awful service. Classic Irish Pub!  We also got to sit right next to Rosie!
One of my favorite if not my favorite Irish bar in Phoenix!  I've been to Rosie's several times and never had a bad experience here.  I just wish I lived closer to here!    We recently came for a Guinness this past Saturday night.  Had a band playing on stage and we grabbed a seat at the bar.  Had quick service, but I would bet that was because there really wasn't that many people here.  But I've been here when it was so packed I could barley move.  We ended up going up to the top level, didn't know but we crashed a private party, but everyone was very cool and ended up having good conversation with total strangers.  Had a lot of fun finishing my Guinness while up on the upstairs patio and a great Feb Phx night.    Overall I would recommend Rosie's to anyone in Phoenix that is looking for an authentic Irish bar experience.
One of my favorite pubs in downtown. I love the patio on a cool night. Drinks are stiff and it's an overall easy relaxed environment. Great for a date drink or with friends. Also, try the pub pretzel. Un. Real.
For an Irish pub in a not very vegan oriented area, I was pleasantly surprised to find they had a veggie burger (after some research). Unfortunately, when we got there I wanted to double check with the waitress if it was vegan a.k.a. does it have egg in the patty mix? She said she didn't know.. and stood there waiting. I guess asking the kitchen was out of the question.   I went ahead and ordered it anyway since there was nothing else I could eat, and I'm still not sure if it had egg, but I doubt it. Wishful thinking? If we do go back, I think I will call them and ask.   Their beers were typical Irish styles with not much else to boot.   On the plus side they were playing the High Kings, which made the husband and me happy, and the pub itself was easy on the eyes. I enjoyed the collage work on the walls.
Good selection of ales on tap.  I really like the atmosphere and decor (for a pub-style place).    Two main issues on our most recent visit.  First, our waitress was not friendly in the least - she was clearly having a bad afternoon.    Second, we were on the outdoor patio and had two different individuals hit us up for cash.  I personally had to chase the first one off because he wouldn't leave us alone.  The second panhandler was very belligerent.  It wasn't until I was in the middle of yelling at him that a staff member from inside came out to assist.
Horrible service... Ordered a drink that did not taste correct, sent it back and was still charge for the full price of the drink.  I was told there was nothing wrong on there and and I was still liable for the drink even though they dumped it in the sink.  I will never be back at this establishment and I wish them luck...
Had the fish and chips today, one word, delicious! Shared an order with my 5 years old son and we devoured it! Almost got another order but now I regret it. It's like I keep thinking about it...(missed connections!!?).
I've been to plenty of great Irish pubs, hole in the walls and classier ones, but I was less than impressed with this one. My boyfriend and I just moved to this part of phoenix and have been pleased with the excellent selection of restaurants and shops. We were driving around this past Saturday thinking about lunch, spotted Rosie's and decided to give it a go. Upon entering we asked if we could sit outside and the less than enthused waitress stated it was open seating.  Once outside we sat at a table that appeared to have not been cleaned off in quite some time, as there were cigarette ashes and condiment stains covering the top. It was 1130am so no excuse for it to be that dirty. The girl who took our order was the same waitress we encountered at the door. No personality and not a smile to be seen.   We started with the pizza egg rolls. Interesting concept, but a little too greasy.  My boyfriend had the pulled pork sandwich and I had the cold meatloaf sandwich. Both were mediocre at best. The pulled pork was dry like it had been sitting under a heat lamp. The meatloaf was bland and was covered with so many carmelized onions it looked completely unappetizing upon opening up the sandwich. All in all with the sandwiches, the appetizer and my hard cider, it came to $35, pretty steep for a lunch that was disappointing. We won't be back for food anytime soon, maybe a drink or two to check out any live music. But hopefully the next server will have some personality to spare.
Definitely a LEGIT trush irish pub. Been to that bar a few times and everytime I had nothing negative to say about Rosie's. Really great selection of draft beers which is  always a plus in any bar I plan on visiting. My only issue is being a west valley guy, it can be a little bit of a drive to the central phoenix area. My advice for anyone coming the west valley or anywhere else were this could be a little out of their way, defintely designate a DD!  So my first experience of Rosie's came from a  very good friend told me about this Irish pub not too long ago, and since then this family-operated establishment has been one of my new favorite bars. The atmosphere is dim lit, not too loud, and equipped with several TVs for anyone that wants to watch a european soccer game.   I spent the last St. Patrick's day @ Rosie's and had a blast!!!! Cover charge was no shocker, but still reasonable, and absolutely justifiable if you have ever been there before. Every corner of the whole place was filled with live music, great people, and of course good irish whiskey! Both indoor and outdoor bands were playing all types of music. I reccomend anyone in the area to visit Rosie McCaffrey's, but just be on the lookout that parking cansometimes be a pain, so keep an eye out for a n empty spot!
I had the pastrami reuben, it was super delicious. The Nachos are definitely a must have as well!  It has a great atmosphere and the service was perfect! Can't wait to go again!
I love this place! It is a true Irish bar with a true Irish feeling inside. Everything from the music, items on the wall, set up of the restaurant, and drinks scream Ireland. Since I was only there for a morning beer this time, I can't say anything about the food but the Guinness' hit the spot.
A true Irish Pub - you just might meet Rosie herself. Great ambience - like being in Ireland. Fish & chips are perfect - like being in Ireland. Irish stew is great - like being in Ireland. And the Guinness - not quite like Ireland, but it's as close as you get in the U.S. (nothing tops the Guinness you get in Ireland!!) Limited wine selection which was a disappointment for those of us who are not beer drinkers (I know, I know - Irish pubs aren't supposed to be known by their selection of fine wine!) Something on the menu for everyone; live music on the weekend.
Really like this place. I used to work in the area and it was a great place to get lunch or hit up happy hour. The Shepherd's Pie is great! All the food is good. They also serve Guinness the "right way" true pour I guess it's called. Great band nights, and great overall atmosphere.
I went back here last weekend and realized I have never reviewed one of my fave hot wing spots. It's a nice Irish bar, it seems to be hurting lately for some reason. I noticed they do Groupon now. Good time to check it out. We had corned beef n cabbage and of course, their FREAKING HOT WINGS. I had forgotten just how hot they are. The average hot wing eater should choose medium. They are supposedly marinated in Guinness. I don't know about that. But the hot sauce is thick and flavorful, really dark and hot. Perfect thing to burn your face off with after you get tanked on beer. I have had Shepherds Pie here, sandwiches, never anything that wasn't good. I noticed they were understaffed last week.  So services was so-so. But they have a solid staff that hasn't changed much in years and people are always having fun at the large horseshoe shaped bar. I have had a few interesting times here, usually something weird going on around you to listen in on. If that's your thing. I have never gotten out cheap but never broke either, I wish I still lived close by so I could go more often. Used to be my weekly run, not so now.
Amazing, NICOLE AND AMANDA are great.  The food is out of this world and the desserts are amazing.  THE PUB BURGER IS $5.95 with fries and the burger is real beef, get it on a toasted RYE, to die for.  THIS IS NOT FOR KIDS, but, come here for the ambiance and the GREAT IRISH EYES FEELING.
Just to follow up - Rosie's is a favorite spot for me and my friends.  And again, Samantha rules!!!
The shepherds pie is amazing!  Accompanied by great service and Irish music playing the whole time!  Can't say enough about the people and the quality of food and service.
The service was fast and friendly, and the food was all delicious. I've been here before for drinks, but this was my first lunch time experience and it was great. I would come here to eat again.
This is a very good neighborhood bar.  Definite Irish feel to it.  The food is decent, and the drinks are great.  It can get pretty crowded on the weekends.  They have a pretty great party on St. Patrick's day, take up the entire parking lot of the shopping mall they are in... pretty good time...
This is the Irish bar in its purest form.   Plenty of dart boards line the walls and pitchers float around by the dozen. There are a few long drinking hall style tables which are always entertaining for big groups. The service staff is no-nonsense, but good. The crowd is my favorite aspect at the Dubliner. None of the typical Scottsdale attitudes and cheeziness will be found here . . . and if it is, it won't stay long.   Good live music takes it up a notch and puts it into the top five of my favorite bars in town.
They've expanded this place a bit since I was here last and it definitely moved it from a 2 1/2 to a solid 3 1/2 to 4 star kind of place.  In a strip mall (gee, who's surprised) in a North Phoenix suburb (Ok, now you can be surprised!), you wouldn't expect this place to be as cool as it is.  Food served all day, and everything we've tried is pretty good (Great looking fries!).  As great as it is to get Irish pub food all day long, it is great to watch the place transform from a sleepy lunch spot to a packed standing room only spot around the time the entertainment gets going at 9pm.  It's generally traditional Irish music, but the night we were there he also did a 50's song and we swear he was playing music from the Godfather as we moved on to our next destination.    Lots of tables for big parties - which ours was (though the largest that night must have had 24 or more) and a great big wrap around the back bar.  The bar is one of their improvements - looks like they took over some extra space to expand since I'd been there years ago.  Several of us commented on how much bigger it looked and how much nicer it felt.  For some the downside is that this isn't a fancy "Scottsdale" bar, but on the upside - this is NOT some fancy schmancy "Scottsdale" bar.  You'll have folks of ALL ages there based on when you go.  And all shapes and sizes.  I kinda like that - you know, people looking like people.  Over the years we've been there, everyone seems to get along, just like the neighborhood pub it was meant to be.  Oh yea.  They have Guinness.  And Harp.  And Bass.  Beer and more beer.  That's not my thing so I can't really speak to it, but it is there in abundance.  Someone else will just have to stop by, have a pint and tell us all about it.
A dude playing irish music on a fiddle in a bar in North Phoenix?  Count me in.  This is a pretty good pub-y place with your traditional attempt at irishness (stew, shepherd's pie, bangers & mash) with a few irish beers (guinness, of course, harp & smithwick's) while also having your traditional bar food.  Nothing fancy, everything is pretty straightforward.  Probably really a 3 star place, but the live entertainment adds a bonus star.
This place can get really awesome or really dull dependent on one solitary man resembling a leprechaun with a filthy mouth and penchant for calling out mouthy toolbags, all while playing the guitar and happily caroling away in Irish drinking hymnals.  It can get really crowded, which makes standing really tedious and plants a target on your big forehead for the leprechaun to abuse.  On St. Paddy's Day, this place is chaos, and like most other forced holidays is not worth getting into the carnival atmosphere just to say you did it.  Cash-only holidays get old in a hurry.
The Dubliner is not an authentic Irish Pub but it is one of my favorite bars to go to because the crowd is down to earth and drinks are CHEAP. Where else can you get a red bull vodka for $4? The crowd is a diverse mix of hipsters, hippies, skaters, and a few old weirdos here and there. If you went to high school in the area your bound to run into someone you haven't seen in years. I always have a great time when I go to the Dubliner because I meet such interesting people. You can find me here when I don't feel like dressing up for Scottsdale.
I used to work here and the staff and locals are like family. If u are down to earth ~ I'm sure you'll love the dub! No pretentiousness here! There's good entertainment almost every night of the week. The band that plays Tuesday nights is the BEST! Weekend nights are pretty busy and crowed, but the drinks are priced right and the food is really good too! My faves are the ckn boxty, the Reuben & the Philly ~ but basically everything the menu is DELISH! If u wanna have some real Irish fun, visit the Dub!! It's the place to be on St. Patricks Day for sure!
No bar anywhere in this area comes as close to pulling everything off like the "Dub".  Beer Selection, Darts, TVS, lots of seating, events, great prices and a great mix of people.  The staff is always great, and ready to serve at all times.  Come here open minded, stay for a bit, watch the crowd pour in.  Always a good time.
I'm 31 yrs old and I've come to the Dub since I was an 18 yr old with a good fake ID. I actually havent lived in Az in over 10 yrs, but when ever I come back to visit friends and family this is our spot. My buddies have been the local crew at this bar for over a decade. The bartenders have all worked here for years as well, and even tho i may only come in a few times a year, the bartenders always remember my face. A fun atmoshphere, plenty of room, a non-stuffy, non-scottsdale type crowd. When I'm in Az, I always visit the Dub...
Nothing to this place, the food was alright, the serves was just ok and the band playing there was horrid, I don't see myself ever going back here ever!
Great food great authentic Irish fare and best of all close to home
Stopped in for a quick couple of beers after work.  Michelle the waitress was fun and had a great attitude. Been a while since I've been there for a rowdy time. I should return on a weekend and relive some of those moments.
We just moved to town and were looking for a place exactly like this.  This bar is not posh, it is not shiny or pretty, it doesn't have a huge menu... and that is all fine by me.    What it does have is a friendly wait staff, plenty of seating, good/ok live music, and a great bar selection.    The mix of people that was there the night we stopped in was entertaining... I can't really comment on that, as I still think everyone here in Phoenix is crazy... lol.    Either way, it seems to have that good old suburban bar feel to it, which is nice and cozy when you don't feel like dolling yourself up and having a fancy night out.
Great live music! I used to go here a lot more but it still one my favorite bars. Saint Patty's day here is crazy!. Pretty good food and always decent drinks. Recommend it for getting a group of friends together and chillin
So normally I like this place and the corned beef and cabbage have been quite good... but, on this occasion, the chef was clearly not irish or familar with irish food & culture, because the dish was dreadful. How to you ruin corened beef a...nd cabbage?? The urge to tell them how to make it was a compelling one.   I'll go back because it's been decent in the past, and the beer flows freely and good, usually with good company, but, I'm thinking it's a one more chance kind of thing. Sadly, there are few places in phoenix that claim to be 'irish' that serve authentic quality irish food. I think if your going to cook food of another culture, you should at least learn how it's properly prepared and served.
Food is decent.  Service is above average.  Solid small draft beer selection. Good atmosphere.  Had music setting up.
Went here the other night for a couple drinks, probably one of my favorite bars i've ever been to. Great irish pub atmosphere and music
Had the chicken fries which were awesome!  Good beer selection, TV, pool, darts....live music....uh what else do you want in an irish bar?  I frequent this place when looking for live music during the week.  Cold pints are a plus and the clientele seems very friendly.
The Wednesday night entertainment is AMAZING. Excellent musician and performer. Makes you laugh while enjoying great music. It can be hard to flag down the waitress, wish they had menus sitting at the table so you could flip through while you waited so you didn't have to wait to flag down the waitress to GET the menu and then wait to flag down the waitress to order. The fries are quite tasty but eat them up while they are warm. Prices are good.  There are darts and a foosball table which are fun to do!
Was here tonight.  It is OK!  Not much Irish things on the menu, more of a bar food type joint.  Potatoe skins were meh.  The paddy o melt was meh too.  The live music was a plus.
Aw, I can't vote zero stars?  The service is the worst I've ever had EVER. I asked for menus ... apparently not.  Had to go physically get a menu from behind the bar.  Asked to order and the waitress said she'd be right back.  Spent the next half hour trying to get her attention - no such luck. When I finally got to order my food, it was another half hour before I got to eat it.  I'm sorry, but when I go somewhere to eat, I'm HUNGRY and I'm not happy when I'm hungry.  Waiting over an hour to eat is just bad.
This place is OK. I have never eaten there but have been to drink many times.  It's a pretty big place.  There's a good mix of people and age groups and seems like a lot of people take dates here.  The security staff here are kinda douche bags.   The worst part about this bar though is the fights. There is always fighting here. A fight here and there can be entertaining but its old and annoying when there is a fight every single time I go.
It has been awhile since I have visited the Dubliner. The only reason I haven't frequented the place lately is because I don't live near them anymore so I can't just either walk home or call a cab for 5 min ride. However there drinks are strong and cheap! Either that or the bartender was being very friendly on the few times I have visited :) The food is not to shabby either. I mean you can't possibly mess up fish and chips. Hmm fish and chips. So go, check it out, but remember if you have too many, call a cab. Did I mention that their drinks are strong and cheap! #winwin!
A local favorite of mine.  Doesn't look like much on the outside, but a suprisingly decent menu and full bar.  Always live music, which is my favorite part.  All types are welcome here, but it can get busy at times and they never seem to be staffed for it, so don't be too upset it it takes a while for your drinks.  If you're tired of the crowds that frequent the clubs in Scottsdale, want some good food and live music, you will have a great time at the Dubliner.
I was here yesterday and had great service. Tonight I walked in and was ignored by the stupid blond working the bar. After 10 minutes sitting with no drink, I left.  I'll never be back again.
I dig the Dubliner.  It is a great place to grab a bite and a brew while enjoying local, live music.  They have a great beer selection, full bar and an extensive (for a bar) food menu.  I have only had the sweet potato fries, but they were cooked to crispy perfection.  I wish I could give Dubliner more stars, but there are a couple of things that drive me bonkers about this place.  First and foremost,  there is always a mob of people sitting outside the front door smoking.  There is no way to circumvent the raunchy cloud of toxins.  I wish they would move the smoking area a few feet further from the door (maybe in the back/side parking area, hint, hint).  Also, on Friday and Saturday nights there are not enough servers here.  Service at the bar is usually prompt, but if you are at a table, good luck!  You are probably better off burning a calorie or three and walking to the bar for your next round, than waiting for a server to come to you.  It's not that they are slacking, there just aren't enough of them.  Add another server or two when the place is packed, get the smoke out of my face, then I'd up this to a four star rating.  Stop by the Dubliner, and support a local band/musician!
What Brad T. said.   done.   What? I have to write more?  OK, here's a little more:  -real people, not just a pretty crowd -music can get really loud, but that's not necessarily a bad thing -great prices on pitchers of beer -kick back relaxed environment -fun for people watching
Happy hour prices are good - get a domestic beer for $2-3. The staff seems friendly and the sweet potato fries are yummy. Didn't stay too long so that's all I can report for now.
This is a good home town watering hole. Great mellow/casual atmosphere to meet and hangout with friends. My friends and I have been going here as long as I can remember. The bar staff has largely remained the same for years; get to know em' and you'll know them for a long time. This is a pub of pubs. If you are looking for a "home" bar.. this is the place for you.
I love this place.  The staff are awesome, they have live music six nights a week, and the clientele are 99% douche free.  Never tried the food, but who the hell goes to a bar to eat, anyway?
Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.  Best cheese fries in the neighborhood.
Went for a late night dinner to see The Sea Merchants perform. Had never been here before and were amazed at how packed the place was! Service was cheerful and probably could have used a little more help - not sure they were expecting the crowd they got last night, but we were enjoying the music and not too concerned with how fast service was. Had the Guinness Chicken, sweet potato fries, the Irish soda bread and washed it all down with a couple of brews. All pretty good. I'd recommend the place for a good time with friends. Relaxed, casual and fun! And the Sea Merchants performance was a rockin' good time!
I have only been here once, but sadly will not be returning again.  On a lighter note, I actually thought the restaurant itself was pretty cool and I also even liked the food. Both the Shepherd's Pie and the Corned Beef were quite good!  So why won't I come back here? One of the staff was extremely rude to one of my friends and made her feel completely unwelcome. It was especially bad, because he was a manager. She brought a problem to him and he basically told her he didn't care and didn't need her business. I didn't catch all of what went on myself, because it was a loud place with music playing, but a big thing for me is the way that the management treats their customers. We ended up leaving earlier than we had planned, because my friend got offended by the manager, so this is not a place I will be returning to.  I would not recommend this place to anybody if feeling valued as a customer is important to you.
always a good crowd and mix of ppl usually. they have some really talented local musicians and then on the other side they have darts. i just wish they had more dart tables b/c half the time they are taken. the food is average with disgusting fried mushrooms as one of the options-yuck and olives in a quesidalla-also yuck. some of the bartenders are better than others. its very laid back compared to a scottsdale bar as far as dress which is why i like it but its not too hole-in-the wall were its boring or dirty.
Great wings.. Excellent personable bartenders.. Also I asked for " some extra celery and carrots " with my wings and assumed id get 2-3... They gave me a whole plate of it with extra ranch and BLEU CHEESE! .. The traditional Irish fare like the sheppards pie is absolutely terrific and the Irish soda bread was really delicious.. I been back 2 times and the food is great .. Every time
Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.  Best cheese fries in the neighborhood.
Good bar vibe...Arizona civil war college football games were playing the night I was here so the crowd was great, and the elderly gentleman playing old Irish tunes on the stage up front added to the lively environment. Was in a strip mall setting and I was visiting from out of town so I would have not noticed it had my friend not taken me here. Still though, love my Irish pubs, whiskey,  and Guinness.
Amazing bartenders and waitresses.  Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.  Best cheese fries in the neighborhood.
We were really looking forward to some good Irish grub, unfortunately, it didn't happen here. The Shepherd's Pie "gravy" was watery and tasteless, and there wasn't much meat. The irish stew was cold and and bland. The wait staff was nice, but service was lacking. Everything took a long time, and the most disappointing was dessert. Though the bread pudding was good, we asked for ice cream on it,  and the waitress waited too long to bring it to our table so the ice cream was almost completely melted. Won't be returning.
FANTASTIC, moist, tender corned beef year round! Honestly, this is a great bar with live music and a cheap enough bar tab, but the quality of the food exceeds expectations.
Tired is the best word to describe this place.  We've lived by it for a long time and thought we'd give it a try.  What a mistake!  No one greets you, no sign to tell you to sit wherever, and no waitress showing up to acknowledge you are there.  When she finally did, it was quite obvious she didn't want to be there.  Shepard's pie - made with hamburger instead of lamb.  I thought I'd try it anyway.  When I saw the presentation - I should have sent it back.  A big glob of a dish with everything spilling everywhere.  And a ton of cheese melted on top - not a normal ingredient in SP.  Plain, boring, no spice whatsoever.  Hubby's hamburger was a frozen patty - no creativity at all - yet it's called the "Dubliner".    If you want a dive bar, go for it.  If you want real food, turn around and go somewhere else.
I have been going here with my school for Happy Hour and it is good. Good prices, good food, good deal.
The Dubliner is close to my house and pours a damn good Guinness.  Food is mediocre at best.  You might wait awhile for your drinks, but it does take time to pour a good pint.  I do have to run screaming from the building when they have Irish music nights.  As much as I love my people,  that high pitched little Irish flute thing they play makes me wonder if there are dogs all over the neighborhood being terribly disturbed.  Great neighborhood bar, food meh.  You can't really go wrong with an order of potato skins when you're drunk though....so there's that.
Went here on a Saturday night; the place was pretty busy. We ordered food around 9pm so the kitchen stays open late so that is a plus. We got a burger and sweet potato fries - both very good. Try the sweet pototo fries with the plum sauce - yummy! Drinks were reasonably priced and the wait staff was friendly and prompt. No complaints from me.  They had a bad playing too that was good, but it was rock. I sort of expected an irish type band to be playing especially on a weekend night. The band was still good though, don't get me wrong.
By far my favorite bar in the area. Very relaxed atmosphere and live music some nights (not sure what the schedule is for that). Food was good for bar food.
Great place to grab a beer and listen to some music. The prices are great and the staff is friendly. Low key and and relaxed environment.
Jess rocks as a server and The Sullivan's kick butt! What a great band! Love their Irish music. But they can play anything!
Went Sunday for afternoon games for football. Packers bar (shocking! what bar in AZ isn't?) Place was pretty busy. Had two seats at the bar for us to sit. Bartender was nice and efficient, drinks were good.   As for the food, small portions, not all that tasty. Ordered a caesar salad to share, wasn't large enough. For $9 (mind you, no meat, just lettuce, cheese, dressing and croutons) we thought we'd get a pretty good size salad. Had a baked potato and mashed potatoes/gravy for our "sides". Gravy wasn't cooked right, portion again, small. Took 45 mins to get the three items. Bartender claimed they only had two fryers, so the kitchen was behind. However, we didn't have fried food items.   Overall, we will go back. Gal next to us ordered a reuben that looked life changing. So... until next time.
I have been here 4 times and I get the same thing every time.  The Shepards Pie is outstanding.  I always want to try something different, but I know that I will be disappointed that I didn't have my regular. The waitresses here have always been friendly and I will be back soon!
Just ok
My friend has brought me here a couple times, only on Mondays for trivia. Team Trivia is quiet entertaining, I must say. It's free to play, which is a nice bonus. If you want a good laugh, each team makes their own name up, some inappropriate, but funny though. I have ordered food, it's not bad, for bar food.
This place has been around forever and was a favorite when I lived in Phoenix in the 90s.  Reasonably priced drinks and good food and still that way today in 2014.  They have expanded the other side of the bar which is nice.   I have to give a shout out to Vanessa who works the day shifts.  She is super friendly, great service and seems to know all the regulars by name. She made me feel right at home on Saturday.  I even went back again today.   The pulled pork sandwich was delicious.  I wanted something sweet today and she brought out this chocolate chip cookie that was still hot with vanilla ice cream melting over it.  It was wonderful.  If I can swing it I may come by a third time before I leave this is how fond I am of the place. They have live music some evenings I think.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that it isnt in St Louis LOL  Seriously, stop by.  It is in a strip mall at Thunderbird and 40th on the SW corner two doors down from the dentist.
Can't believe I'm going to say authentic & Irish in the same sentence as "located in a Phx plaza" but I will. One of the best, most Irish restaurants I've ever dined at. Great entertainment as well.
This my favorite pub in Phoenix! Good beer selections. Good food (the shepard's pie is amaze-balls, the Irish nachos are epic, and the frickles are delish). They have good live music / entertainment during the evenings. This is a great place to go during the day to hang out with friends, watch a game, have a quiet beer, or have an awesome night out partying. The weekend nights are a raging blast! The staff does a great job handling it all!
I don't drink much, so I'm not dazzled by what is on tap. We came here to try a local Irish pub and see how their food was.  One star is too good for this place. I had the "bangers and mash". The quotes are necessary, trust me. My wife had -- we think -- the Shepherd's Pie. If the waitress had been attentive, we'd have asked. Since we weren't guzzling fermented piss, I guess we didn't rate on her radar. At least it wasn't terribly expensive.  I doubt we'll go back.
Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.
This place is near my house. Haven't visited it until recently but it's a nice quiet place. Golden tee is probably the second best thing they have, the first being Guinness on draft. Would definitely recommend this place if you're interested in a quiet place with good service.
Never in a million years did I think Irish food would be tasty.   I hate boiled meat and veggies, I hate soggy fish and chips. This place actually has really great food. Everything was perfect. The beer was great. I normally hate corned beef and cabbage but their version is served with a very tasty gravy and has a ton of flavor.   There is also always something going on there. Live music, poker nights, trivia, plus a decent amount of TV's to watch a game.
The Skeptical Chymist, aside from having one of my favorite names of all Scottsdale bars, makes a bold claim: to be Scottsdale's ONLY Authentic Irish Restaurant and Pub.   From a happy hour beer and appetizer there today, it's hard to say whether they made good on that. What I can say, though, is that the chicken tenders were on point and the happy hour special was pretty impressive.   They are featuring three dollar Harp draughts right now, as well, which is nothing to shake a stick at.   They showcase quite a bit of live music, and with a big crowd, the layout in here would make for a great time.  A little pricey, as Irish pubs tend to be, but a good find nevertheless.
The Skeptical Chymist is a great North Scottsdale bar for happy hour or dinner/drinks before going out.    I went a few weeks ago with a group of friends where we did just that.  We all bellied up to the bar which probably wasnt the most ideal spot for the 12 of us but the rest of the tables were full so we made do.  The bartender was really attentive and the food came out quickly.  My friend and I split the chicken tenders which, in true Irish fashion, are extremely battered but equally delicious.    Music was probably louder than it actually needed to be, it was pretty hard to hear anything anyone was saying when the live band played, but when the playlist came on, the volume was just about right.    Fun time had by all, different, tad older crowd than I'm used to, and it was a nice change of pace.  I'd definitely go back.
I failed to see what was so special about this place - but I've only been there for lunch. Given how many of my friends frequently mention this place, I imagine part of the draw is the crowd at night.  During the day, this place sucks. I also wasn't impressed with the food or the service. In fact, my food was pretty awful and wrong except for one item which was okay. I'm irish if that means anything... nothing about this place seemed to say "Irish Pub" to me. I wasn't even aware that's what this place was until I read the other reviews here. That could just be me being oblivious to my surroundings though.   I'll probably give it another chance at some point - at night... it's just in such a shitty location. I'm not too anxious to drive that far and then drink and be stuck out there.
Just had lunch at the Skeptical Chemist....  Typical Irish pub with dark hardwood floor, wooden tables/chairs and a very long bar. There is seating outside, on a small concrete patio. There are 2-3 smaller Tv's by the bar, and 2 larger projection tv's aimed at large canvas screen in the seating area. I know there is also live music during the week.   Food is typical Irish fare. The Sheperd's Pie is served hot, tastes great, but is a little small. I have also had the beef stew which is also very good.   The service today was poor, but that is the exception rather than the rule.  All in all: very solid.
My favorite North Scottsdale drinkin' place.  You can't beat $3 Harps.  I'm a huge fan of the food too!  I love the standard stuff like the Fish and chips and the Beef Stew, but the Salmon Entree is fantastic!    Make sure that if it's an option on any meal that you order that you get the Scalloped Potatoes.  They're extra yummy.  Very nice, relaxed casual atmosphere.  Lots of seating space.  Huge projected screen for watching sports.  A few cute waitresses.  Yummy beer.  Overall a great place to hang out and have a few drinks or dinner.  And like other people have mentioned it's an older crowd (meaning generally over 30) which is perfect for me.  :D
Had lunch here today.  I was the only customer in the place at 11:30am! (good for quick grub at lunchtime in North Scottsdale)  Lunch was good, I had the chicken club - the service was brisk and friendly (shocker), fair prices, and the dcor is excellent - has a genuine Irish Pub feel to it.  I will try to make it back in the evening when the place is a little more lively.  *****UPDATE*****  Returned here for drinks on a Friday night - nice crowd, live music, and great beers... definitely like this place better at night.
I had a great time playing trivia with the Yelp crew last night!    Not so much in the way of vegetarian-friendly cuisine (which is to be expected, since it's an Irish pub) but what I did eat was good!  The curry fries were great.  Big slabs of potato and a large cup of mango curry for dunking.  Gabi also treated us to some sweet strawberry crepes that were wonderful!  I washed it all down with a glass of Strongbow apple cider too.  The trivia itself was fun.  I think it went on a little too long (two hours) but it was a well-rounded selection of questions.  Team "Go Yelp Yourself" did pretty well.  Overall, a great night out!
I haven't done bar trivia in a long time, so coming here with some smart Yelp folk seemed as good a time as ever to give it a go once again.  The food selection was typical bar food with an extra something here and there.  I had the bar wings and a few $4 Smithwick's.   Our waitress was very attentive and split our checks at the end of the night without a gripe.  The trivia itself was pretty challenging, I think I had some useful input for maybe a few answers.  And between rounds they gave out random prizes, I got a Rubik's Cube for chugging the rest of my beer!      I might not be the smartest cookie at trivia, but when it comes to beer chugging I don't mess around!
I had a blast at Skeptical Chymist last night... Thanks again to the yelpers that came out for trivia - Although 'Team Yelp Yourself' didn't win any major prizes, we sure had fun!    I love the atmosphere at SC - so laid back and the staff is friendly as can be!  I wasn't sure I'd be able to find a light bite to eat (I was expecting heavy Irish bar food), but I was pleasantly surprised and I really enjoyed my house salad with salmon. I sampled the curry fries from Kelly B and dare I say they were the best I've had?!  I would go back just for those!  Delicious!  Both items went well with the Strongbow apple cider too. Thanks again, Jolene (my waitress) for your recommendations!  I look forward to checking out live music at Skeptical Chymist another time soon... or perhaps returning once I brush up on my trivia knowledge.  Either way, I'll be back for sure!
So currently the hubby and I are in the process of buying a house. We had to drive out to North Scottsdale to sign some paperwork and since we were in the area we stopped in at The Skeptical Chymist for dinner and drinks.   I found the price of food and drinks to be slightly pricey and that would be my only complaint about this place.  The food however is very tasty. I ordered the fish and chips and my husband ordered the mustard crusted tenderloin stuffed with spinach. I got a bit of food envy when I tasted my husbands food. I would recommend ordering that dish. The fish and chips were decent. You get a big beer battered filet which is nicely seasoned with thick chips.  Being a proud Irish lass I enjoy Irish pubs that actually play great Irish music and Skeptical Chymist does a great job. Sure you hear the cliche, popular bands like U2 and The Cranberries, but they also played The Pogues and some traditional Irish songs.   The place had a great look and feel to it. They really made it look as close to a traditional Irish pub and I felt really comfortable just hanging out and drinking my Smithwicks.  On this particular evening the place was pretty sparse, not many people, but I'm sure on weekends this place gets hoppin'.  The fact that this place played The Pogues should warrant a five star review, but because I find the prices to be slightly high they only get four stars. I would definitley go back if I'm in the neighborhood again.
Fish and chips and Stella Artois all the way!  The staff is pretty much all Irish which is different and fun.  I'm guilty of always ordering the same thing when I come here, but it's always good!  This is a great place to unwind after work or go for happy hour.  There is plenty of parking, you just may need to walk a little bit... heaven forbid!  They project soccer games on a huge screen inside, so if soccer is your bag, you'll really like this place!  This will be an awesome place to spend world cup!  The decor is tasteful and not over the top at all... I don't know what that Greg guy is talking about!
My pal Comer said it best when he said "Bar food is a fickle master.  Certainly, there is something to be said for simple American fare made from high quality ingredients and served hot and fresh by a friendly beer wench with a smile and a wiggle.   That said, so often today, the standard menu of cheeseburgers, chicken sandwiches and cheese steaks is abused.  The cheese steaks are poor and the burgers bland.  With that in mind, one is prone to venture out to one of the higher classes of pub/grill establishements.  Skeptical Chemyst in North Scottsdale is one of these offering a bit of Irish flavor to tempt the odd fellow in search of beef and beer.   I have yet to see the aged Irish ex-pat responsible for this fine eatery.  In fact, I have come to grow suspicious of the somewhat Disney appearance of the decor.  Perhaps they tried just a bit too hard.  The menu is a lively mix of Irish sounding dishes and the typical American staples.  The servers are by and large female and attractive and for the most part friendly, but I digress.   The ruben, as should be expected is traditional and served with a large portion of thick cut fresh corned beef.  Possibly a little dry, I would ask for Mayo or extra dressing.  The fish and chips are served American style with smaller portions of breaded something or other or more traditionally, as large slab of half a fish in a nice beer batter breading.  The stew sounds promising but we were warned away from it by the staff.  go figure?   The highlight of the menu is the Belfast Burger.  A large patty of quality ground beef cooked to order. Yes, you can get it pink and warm in the middle.  Topping this burger is the magic.  Grilled onions peppers and shrooms dripping with cheese.  A large tasty bun, and a giant onion ring.  It is truly a mouth watering delight and when served with an icey Carlburg Lager is sure to leave any Irishman worth his clover feeling sated and happy.  A second Carlburg and a Car Bomb later and you will be ready to dance a jig with the lovely little brunette behind the bar aptly named Kelly.   The late night crowd is a disappointingly young group of college aged rugby wannabe's and their not so cute dates but lunch time is a pleasure and Happy Hour on the patio is a treat.  Most of the TV's are wasted showing soccer matches off the satelite dish but I suppose it adds to the flavor of this very cute, satisfying, mental vacation to Irie"
I've been here quite a few times for after work drinks with coworkers since it's just down the street from where I work. It's an ok place, but with 4 Peaks just on the other side of the parking lot we usually tend to pass on this place.   We went yesterday and it was a disappointment. We got there before they started charging a cover (at 4 pm) otherwise it would have been $10 to get in. I'm guessing that this was to pay for the limited tables, chairs and one tent they rented. Also the band who was singing "Your Body is a Wonderland" and something else by Snow Patrol. Also they were charging $6 for drinks. It was just a little ridiculous. It was pretty much imposable to get drinks or food inside, which those of us who have tried their food before, weren't big fans of anyway. And to top it all off they closed Rubio's next door.   A funny sight were these two ladies who brought a little girl who looked like she was 6 and 2 babies who didn't look old enough to walk. The moms' had a beer in one hand and were each pushing their stroller with the other. I know times are tough, but it you can afford buying a $6 beer, you can afford getting a babysitter.
This is a fun pub to meet up with friends for a pint - but the food isn't anything to rave about. They have great Happy Hour specials and a fun trivia night. Their big patio is a plus, too.  It's kind of in a wierd location though - hard to find - and parking isn't that great.  They also have a friendly staff - so I always like sitting at the bar.
Parking is atrocious.  Hard to find the first time, which is a royal pain every time you try to get friends to meet you there.  Off and on I've had a dishwasher soap like residue flavor issue with their glassware, especially when they first opened.  I know it's Scottsdale, but prices were still a little on the high side compared to nearby beer places such as Four Peaks and Oggis.  Very trendy, yuppie crowd and not an old school Irish pub at all.
We really enjoy this pub, especially on Tuesdays for quiz night. The food is what you would expect and the service is excellent. Being close to our home is also a plus. The interior is well thought out and a real departure once one steps through the door from the strip mall atmosphere where the pub is located. I can't believe that someone complained about the parking unless they are unable to walk 50 yards out into the GIGANTIC parking lot that serves this pub and all the other business within close proximity. The crowd is a real mixed bag which is great. One can tell this pub is owned by actual British folk (Scottish actually - even better).
Probably one of my new fave pubs in North Scottsdale. Fibber McGee's was one of my faves in Chandler, and I just recently found out that Skeptical Chymist is the, 'sister locale'.   I went on a Thursday night with my buddy, and the bartenders were really cool and easy going and they had a guy singing acoustic on a stage- whom I might add was very good and very good looking haha. But that is besides the point. The decor in the place was great, the bathrooms were clean and the the bar itself was awesome.  I didn't get to eat there but the bartender made my drink, Black Velvet aka 'Dirty Pear' perfectly! (pear cider topped with Guinness) * I highly suggest you try it!!  Definitely going back soon-
Cider it's not just for dinner!     Strongbow on tap, didn't have other types in bottles.  I have a reasonably good choice of Irish bars near my house  so my experiences here are during the lunch hour. There seems to be an almost puritan aversion to drinking  at lunch time in the US which is why I usually end up here at lunch ,with a book and a phone, alone. Sniff.   This is a stealth bar and while parking is poor if you wish to park really close  the huge lot next to it has always had one available within the first five rows and it's free and it's not 1/2 a mile away. I.E., not atrocious  YMMV  Without knowing what you are looking for it's going to remain as hidden as Brigadoon, ok crossing my Celtic references but the accents in that piece of crap movie  are so bad no  one could really tell).   Carolyn,my server, has a Scottish accent  so it's not that hard to confuzzle the two without looking affy silly or as glaikit as ma mither used to sae. I think  that's more than anything the point of going to  most Irish bars , the staff, because let's be honest there's a kick ass Thai, Mexican and Italian within easy reach of this place.  Enough crap. How's the grub?    The curry chips  for some reason appear to be more wedge like a common fault in most of the places that serve this. The curry sauces tastes ok but it's pretty thin and doesn't sit well.  Yet I keep ordering them.   I've had several of the entrees and haven't been unhappy with any of them other than the Irish breakfast which had  insultingly small pieces of black pudding.  Oops you caught me in a lie there I meant an insultingly small -PIECE- of black pudding.   In short it's the best place near the Scottsdale airpark I've been in but I'm not driving over from Metro center to eat here outwith of lunch.
Decor: Good.  What you've expect from an Irish public house.  Pours: A good pint.  Well rested and the right temp.  Always in a clean glass.  Food:  Haha.  That might be the worst food I've ever had.  I'm not trying to be funny.  Extras: Loud biker chick that wouldn't shut up.  I'll go back for a pint of plain, but that food sucks.  The loud biker chick became more tolerable as the pints went down, but more as a point of amusement than anything else.
Checked out the Skeptical Chymist last night and was seriously disappointed by the food.  Had the Cod Cakes and they were unacceptable.  Basically, it tasted like someone took several scoopfuls of Shake N' Bake, mixed them with with a VERY small amount of fishy substance and baked it.  There was a decent side of mac salad but it was room temperature which makes me a little queasy.    I'll go back for drinks but I'll stay away from the "pub grub."
This is a solid place. The music was a little too loud when I was there last, but this is a good place to meet with friends and have a nice drink. Low key, especially for Scottsdale, down to earth place. I didn't partake of the food, but the cider I had was exactly what I needed. The place is located right near Ray's Pizza too, so that's never a bad thing.
I used to be a regular here, but something in the last 8 to 12 months sucked the soul out of SC.  A good selection of late night pub food, friendly service and great atmosphere.   Last couple of times I went, the food needed some serious improvement and getting a beer at the bar I felt like I was throwing a wrench in the bartender's coital plans for the evening.  Bring back the huge chicken fingers (and season them!), excellent sauces and remind the bartenders that for every bloke that has to wait 10 minutes for a pint because he's making the moves on a patron, Four Peaks is just a stone's throw away.
Have you ever noticed how stupid people look when they dance to Irish music?   Do you ever imagine that starting the night with shots of Irish whiskey will end with you placing drunken bets at the Indian casino while your boyfriend pukes in the bathroom?    Do you ever find yourself in a deserted parking lot in North Scottsdale asking strangers if there are any establishments nearby that actually have customers?    Do you ever sit on the patio and have men blow cigar smoke in your hair, thus tainting you for the rest of the night?    Do you ever have a guy try to hit on you when the music is too loud to actually talk?  So, you just end up yelling at each other and shaking your head as if you actually understood a word they said.  Then, you motion that you are going outside and he decides to dance rape the poor girl who stayed behind.   Needless to say, I'm skeptical about going back.
Finally I made it to the chymist for Seahawk Sunday. I was greated with 3 dollar pints and a great appitizer special. I had wings and potato skins. I got whisky BBQ and spicy wings which were both really good. The skins were good as well.   I'm really happy we have a Seahawks bar here in Arizona to go to watch the games every Sunday.
A friend suggested we meet here, as it was kind of in between him and us (that is to say, 1/2 hour for us, 2 hours for him). He hadn't been before, but thought it sounded good. It is as good an Irish Pub as I would expect to find in a strip mall. Since all were driving, we didn't partake in the Irish spirits, but I have no doubt they do this well, as evidenced by the other patrons. I had the shrimp louie, which was very good. My companions seemed to enjoy their dishes (burger and fish and chips) as well. The fish and chips were huge. It wasn't very noisy, but that may have been largely due to the unusually small crowd. The service was extremely attentive. Overall, I was quite impressed and will keep this in mind for the next time we're in the area.
This is a great little Irish bar. I am not a fan of Irish food so I have never eaten there but the drinks and decor are great! My husband and I actually went here on our first date and then went again after we got married and the owner made us a special drink and toasted us. What a great place!
For AZ standards this is an Irish Pub that made an effort in it's furnishing and I really enjoy the Apothecary look and feel.  Well done and great selection of beer on tap.
I love everything about this place. It's one of the best "Irish bars" in Scottsdale and the atmosphere is very cool. Sort of 19th century apothecary sort of place with a wonderful staff and great selection of beer and spirits. Of course, the drinks are great and they sure know how to pour Guinness and all it's wonderful concoctions (Black & Tan, etc.). What may surprise you is the food. Do the whole "when in Rome" thing and get some Irish fare. Their Shepherd's Pie is fantastic.
Bad attitude, poor service ok food.  Went to try for the first time using Entertainment card, they added an 18% gratuity saying is was in the rules of uses.  The Entertainment policy is a suggest tip range before 15-20%.  The service was far below average and did not in my opinion warrant large tip.  The Attitude of the manager and wait staff was very poor when I protested.  I may be taking them to court.  My recommendation is to avoid the place like the place.  A very poor restaurant management I will never return and suggest EVERYONE ELSE AVOID THE PLACE LIKE THE PLAUGE.
Having our own little St. Patrick's Day soiree planned this year, my family decided to go out and do a little  Irish research.  We headed out to The Skeptical Chemist for dinner.  We have been here 5 or 6 times for dinner, drinking and all things Irish.... but this was definitely a school night dinner.  I dug out the Entertainment Card (a girl has to make cuts somewhere) and the four of us headed over.  We arrived and settled into an open table.  It was early; we were really just interested in some Celtic grub and a quick pint.  Fish and Chips, Shepherd Pie, Potato skins and some Harp Beer Battered Chicken Tenders rounded out our order to share.  All good dishes...as always.  Add a couple of beers and we were on our way to St. Patty's Day research nirvana.  All was good.   No complaints... until.... the check arrived. Not only was it very confusing... Additions, subtractions and ?????(Remember we had our Entertainment Card, buy one dinner entree, get one free) the waitress had taken it upon herself to add an 18% gratuity without even mentioning it to us (a table of 4)  Hahahha     Bad decision on her part.   My husband ALWAYS OVERTIPS!  She screwed herself. He was pretty put out that she did that, and then did not even have the courtesy to mention it.   Anyway, if you are looking for a NoScott Irish bar,  Skep Chem could be your place for the 17th. Food, beer, ambiance are good.... Just check your check for automated tipping!  Happy Saint Patrick's Day!  In case you can't tell, I'm IRISH!
Went last night for the Seahawks draft party and Sounders FC game.  There was a pretty good turnout.    I ordered just an appetizer and some Blue Moon's as I was going to eat dinner later.  I got the southwest corn bruschetta and it was pretty good.  The bread was nicely toasted and the corn and black bean topping was really nice.    I can't wait for the football season to start to head back again.
Sundays are a good day to do, well, a whole lot of nothing.  After a successful day of avoiding anything useful or constructive, a friend and I decided to stop by for some Irish-style refreshments.    Located in what seems to be the World's Largest Strip Mall With Confusing Parking Lot, this is a very low-key enjoyable place.  It was not at all crowded on this particular afternoon, and as an added bonus, pints were Sunday bargain-priced at $3!  I tried my first ever Dirty Pear (Guinness on top of Ace Pear Cider) - dangerously good.  I wonder if it can be counted as a serving of fruit...  You can't have an Irish bar without fish & chips, and theirs is pretty good - a large slab of lightly-battered fish which was more than enough for sharing, served with a stack of crisp french fries.  While I prefer thick-cut steak fries, these skinny ones were consumed with no problem whatsoever!    Thank you, Skeptical Chymist, for assisting me in my quest for non-productivity.
WOW. Not what I expected. I usually go to Four Peaks but decided to try something different. On a  Monday night I decided to see what other Yelpers suggested... we decided to go here. Walked in and was about to turn around. Not much patrons but what do you expect on a weeknight? Good thing we stayed because the food was the bomb diggity! Really not what I expected. We had the garlic fries and braised short rib sliders for apps. Good God... it was effin delicious! Not greasy like your typical bar food. Had the chicken with avocado burger (forgot what it was called) and  jeez...effin good too! It had a distinct taste with the right amount of spice. To top it off, we had the chocolate brownie with vanilla ice cream  and tons of walnuts. With 2 beers (way colder than the ones Four Peaks serves & they have tons of selection) and a large glass of merlot, the bill came out to only $50 and some change. Can you imagine how much cheaper it wouldve been during happy hour?!   My tummy is happy...think we might have found a new spot....
The steak salad was pretty tasty. Small menu but a wonderful atmosphere. They even have live music on the weekends.
The only reason I am giving this place 3 stars is because it is a Seahawks bar, other that that, it sucked!  My husband and I went there last night (a Saturday) with a group of friends and there was only one waitress to be seen and it is a fairly good sized bar. Now, one would think that a Seahawks bar, playing a Seahawks game on a Saturday night might have a few more waitresses, but no.   First, it took forever to get the first round of drinks and then forever to get any other drinks. My drink (a raspberry vokda and soda) tasted extremely odd and I'm not quite sure how you can mess up a drink with two ingredients, but it didn't taste right. I gave up and did't order another drink.  Next, my husband had the lamb skewers and according to him, they were disgusting (I am a veggie, so I didn't eat them), but they looked awful! They were fatty lamb (I hope) sausages on a stick. Gross!  Finally, I did request more water, after drinking all of mine within a few minutes of arriving, and not receiving a refill. The waitress ended up pouring water into the remaining contents of my nasty drink and not into my actual water glass. I couldn't even get her attention to get a fresh glass of water.   After years of serving, I actually felt bad for my waitress and didn't complain; however, I don't think i will be returning anytime soon.
My husband and I decided to check out the Chymist for lunch today.  Parking lot busy - The Chymist empty..... We  seated ourselves as instructed and waited to be noticed.  The bartender/waitress finally came over and had such a bad attitude!  She was very short and snippy with her answers and not very interested in us.  My husband put down his menu and without hesitation said "let's leave"     We walked over to Wildflower Bread Company where we were greeted with smiles and wonderful food:).  Stick to the Chymist for happpy hour - where you will get half price apps and a drink for the attitude.
This place is the best kept secret in Scottsdale. Its not just a great bar, its not just a great place to see sports, its got GREAT food, and at a great price. Entrees are less than $15 but they are gourmet quality. The pork is excellent covered with sweet cababage and beautifully crusted. The corn beef was amazingly tender. The $3 beers on Sunday was the icing on the cake, but wait the apple/Blackberry crumb topped with vanila ice cream was a great end to a fantastic meal.
I go here quite a bit, especially on Sunday for the $3 drafts.  The cook here is very good but the talent only shows on some dishes.  The fries need a little work.  They are delicious but, and I don't know how this happens,  they are too fragmented.  Why do we get so many tiny pieces of French fries in the basket?  The date flatbread was an interesting idea, but I don't think it works.  In general,  I wish the flatbreads were not such a dominant part of the small plate menu.  The Reuben is the best I have had except for maybe Chompies.
Great Shepards Pie. Make sure to put some HP Sauce on top. Goes great with a pint.
Food Was good.... Service was horrible.  Got into the pub about 6:50pm and was excited to see the happy hour specials... 50% all appetizers 4-7pm. WELL, you had better make sure that your waitress, or in my case the bartender enter in your complete order prior to 7pm or you will not get any discount... I ordered my drink at 6:58 according to the computer and my appetizer order was not for an additional 3 minutes... Yes, that is right 7:01pm and I did not qualify for the happy hour price.  Are you kidding me? it took the bartender 8 minutes to get to me, and there were only 8 people at the bar...   I honestly do not know if I will go back just on principal.... And this being a Seahawks bar... and I am a Seahawks fan...   It just goes to show that customer service has really become a thing of the past.  CW
AMAZING & FUN atmosphere. Not only do they serve one of my favorite beers(Strongbow) but the food is truly delicious. We originally stopped in for some live music, and found that not only did we love the music, the decor, the drinks and the food but the people are also fantastic!   Love this place -everyone should definitely try the curry, oh and the fish and chips with malt vinegar.  Dont forget to stop in on a day they have live music!
A great little gem in the middle of silicone and generic places. Great music, vibes and of course, beer. I highly recommend the Knig Ludwig Weissbier on tap. It is organic and tasty!!
A beautiful Irish pub, not the best location. It is pretty hidden in a strip mall in north Scottsdale. I had a Magner's Irish Cider and the Fish & Chips. The fish and chips were good, but not great. Our server was a friendly gal & there was an Irish lad working behind the bar which really added to the nice Irish pub ambiance. We came in for lunch on a quiet afternoon. I would like to return on a more lively night and review it again then!
Great Happy Hour! I have been to the all day happy hour on Sundays and they have great deals including all the craft beers too! Only downfall is its a seahawk support  bar so if you are a fan of any other team it is hard to sit to watch any other game but great service! great food! and a great beer selection!
Pretty cool place - decent HH. Smirnoff Shakers for $3 and good portion appetizers for 1/2 off. I got the cod sliders and this was a good amount of food! The fish was really tasty, not some bland piece of frozen fish sticks! I'd totally go back next time I'm in town.
The most to-die-for fish and chips I've ever had and I've had a lot in my 30 years..
Their Happy Hour and Sunday prices are great.  I've had a few items off their menu and have really enjoyed everything I've tried.  They pour a great Guiness and that's one of the key components of a good pub (in my opinion).  If you like pubs and work in North Scottsdale then try it for HH sometime.
Great Irish bar!   Great authentic food (I attribute any poor review to the fact that authentic Irish food doesn't taste like American dishes...who knew?), but they have typical bar food as well. Excellent place to watch sports (it is a WA bar, so Seahawks and Huskies will be featured) with an excellent selection of beers, Irish whiskey, and Scotch.
I'm not from Scottsdale but was visiting and wanted to go to a bar with friends where we could hang out for a bit.  We looked up bars on yelp [naturally] and came across Skeptical Chymist.  We had a blast!  The bar staff was really friendly and the drinks were inexpensive.  Technically, I guess this is an "irish pub" but I would categorize it as better than a typical one - I mean, they played wilco and the shins, people.  The drinks were poured extremely well (my gin and tonics were perfectly mixed) and there seemed to be regulars enjoying the evening.
waitstaff very inattentive.The table next to us asked 3 different employees to take their drink/food order and each one said 'it wasn't their area' but they'd get someone right away. We wanted to order more drinks and the waitress was never around to flag her down & she didn't check back with us until she brought the check.  Food was fine, but not much in the way of Irish pub food.The atmosphere is terrific!. There r other Irish pubs in the area that are MUCH better. Check them out before u trying this place
Yes, it's an "Irish" bar but not a bad one. The beer selection is adequate, the ambiance is pubby and the food is passable. I had the "spicy" chicken curry and have to say that I have never had a more bland "curry" in my life. Here's a suggestion, put some curry powder in it!  Over all it's a nice enough place to hang out but I only go because it's close to my office, I certainly wouldn't make it a point to come here otherwise.
Still love love love this place!!!! Great bartenders with their cool Irish accents and exceptional service. This place is so chill and just a great place to be to grab a nice cold beer while listening to a live band or watching a game. We come here about 2-3x a week...yea  I sound like an alcoholic... but can't help but come back for the good grub & beer. If you haven't tried this place, seriously ...go grab yourself a drink with a side of chicken tenders...you won't regret it.
large pub...holds 150+ people, great atmosphere. Went there for happy hour at 4PM had about 30 people already there (seemed popular)...and because of the yelp posts.
Cute little Irish pub tucked away in a what seems like a never-ending strip mall.  I've stopped in here twice for lunch after meeting with clients and both times the place has been pretty empty, but I'd definitely be down to check it out for happy hour or on a weekend to see what it's like.  The service was good, though a little slow -- not to the point where it was deemed worthy to complain, but just enough to keep checking the watch to see how much time was left before I had to move on with my day.  Several beers on draft (though not my thing, my coworkers seemed to like that), the flat bread pizza-type plates seemed to be a hit and my steak salad hit the spot.
Worst experience ever!  We came here for lunch on St Patrick's Day & had the "unluck" of the Irish by having a clueless server. It took 58 MINUTES for our food to arrive!  Given they were very busy, she should have known after 30 minutes that something was wrong!  We tried to be very patient and waited and waited and waited.  The table next to us were vacated and the next group came in and got their food while we were still being patient and was waiting for our food.  Then the table to the other side of us was once again vacated and two men sat down.  At this time, I decided to check my iPhone as I had checked into Yelp right after we placed our order and noticed that it had been more than 40 minutes since!  Meanwhile, I was starting to really get hungry and started to get clammy, shaky and started sweating.  I grabbed our server and told her that I wasn't feeling too good because I was too hungry, my sugar level was really low and asked for orange juice or a piece of bread.  She came back with a side order of fries to "tide" us over as the kitchen was still working on our order.  One of us told her to check and see that maybe our order was misplaced in the pipeline... She said that she was really trying and that the kitchen was just too busy.  This was hard to fathom as the restaurant had a set menu of about 5 items!  Suddenly the table with the two men got served!  They ordered fish and chips and started eating and still no food for our table!  We had ordered two orders of fish and chips and 3 salads.  How long does it take to prepare this?????????  We once again asked the waitress where our food was and asked her how the the two men got served before us when they came way after we did... Same answer.  Anyways, the food finally came and we were starving, we ate, she brought us the bill, no apologies, no remorse, etc... We paid the bill in full, even gave her a 20% tip.  I would be very SKEPTICAL about the SKEPTICAL CHYMIST!!!!
Typical (poor quality) bar food. Stick to stuff which comes out the tap. I don't mean water. Great party spot for green day.  --super friendly staff, always helpful and accommodating --great alternative to four peaks, across the parking lot --big-screen prominently featured for great event viewing --soda bread filling and yummy  --irish breakfast all-day, pig fodder. Come with snout and knee pads if you want it. Better served in trough from a tin pail.  --over easy eggs served over DEAD, crispy brown, yolk as if hard boiled --sausage dry, days old reheated reheated reheated. Yeah you know how it goes. --black and white potatoes dry lumps  --new flatbreads interesting but with a kitchen making so many mistakes, you might get charcoal. --patio seating without noise cancellation phones and individual wireless mics makes conversation impossible against the roar of frontage, 30 feet away.
Really cool irish pub that I never would have found out about if it wasn't for my friends who frequent it. (It's in the corner of a strip mall extending from pima to flw near the wendys in case you can't find it) We came on a wednesday night, relatively late, so there were only appetizers being served (1/2 off) and 1/2 priced drafts (any) and wines. Pretty sweet deal. The bar wasn't too crowded, but there were some groups there watching games on tv, so I could imagine on busier nights it could get really loud/rowdy. Tuesday nights we saw were pub trivia nights, seems like each night has a special which is nice. The server was super nice and very accomodating. I'll definitely come back, maybe on a weekend to see how the crowd is then. The food is really good for bar food too, and not to pricey, especially when it's half off =)
I really really really want to give it five stars. And it's really bothering me that I didn't, but I feel something is missing here. I mean the food is good, try the Rasher burger and fish and chips, the drinks are cool, 3 dollar Carlsbergs, but something is seriously missing.....?   The atmosphere is nice and "pubby" and even my server the last couple times had an Irish accent, but why don't I feel right when I leave?   The prices don't knockout the wallet, and the speed of service is relatively impressive...  Ok, it's defintely worth stopping in and grabbing a burger or fish and chips, and a couple guiness', and if you feel the same way I do, let me know why, because I sure don't?????? Maybe it's the.......
Great food in a good atmosphere with a great selection of beers.
First impressions are always the most critical, and my first experience with this place was a bad one.  A group of friends and I came into the place and sat down at a table.  There was about 5 people at the bar and a female bartender.  After waiting 15 minutes with absolutely no one helping us, I came to the realization that the seating area was probably closed but the bartender who looked at us at least 5 times failed to mention that, or even acknowledge that we were there at all. Not even a "hey guys, the dining area is closed, I can help you up here at the bar."  She just watched us sit there twiddling our thumbs.  There wasn't room for all of us at the bar either as we had about 7-8 people in our party.  We were maybe 20ft from the bartender and in crystal clear view to her.  As we got up and left because of not being served, she didn't even say anything as we headed to the door. Absolutely poor service from her!  Maybe one day I'll go back and if they impress me, I will certainly change my rating of this place.  The owner contacted me and apologized, but couldn't you throw me some coupons or half off my order or something to attract me back?  I mean the service was an actual joke, I WANTED to spend money in your establishment but your workers didn't want to take it.  Now to find out its a Seahag bar??....That's all this state needs is another bar full of bandwagon fans that don't support the local teams.
Our first time at this pub. Food was greasy and poor quality. Best of all they LOST my CREDIT CARD! I was told by the owner not to worry and go home and they will find it . Yeah a CRIMINAL will find it ( I canceled it)   Called owner next day and mention it was my first time and I was disappointed they lost my credit card. Today he said " Well there is nothing I can do if I loose your business". I did not even mention that. Poor customer service by owner.   I suggested he get a table side scanner so they do not do this in the future. Shocker!- he said he had another persons credit card from last night.
Well the owner e mailed me and stated he looked for my credit card for 10 minutes, what else did he want me to do. UNACCEPTABLE response.  Looking for a credit card for 10 minutes is hardly an effort. My friend who is a VP of an national restaurant corporation could not believe these were his actions. Oh well..   Positive aspect: nice atmosphere and good beer.
Cool hidden spot in North Scottsdale right next to the 101 tucked in a small shopping plaza.  Love the dark feel on hot, sunny days.  Cold beer and great service.  Lots of tvs and perfect place to watch sports.  Also, the relatively new menu and happy hour items are a huge improvement.  Really enjoy the mussels and potato skins.  Definitely worth a stop if you are nearby.
This place reminded us of our trip to Ireland recently! The atmosphere (minus the big screen TVs) was very much like Irish restaurants/pubs. The food was very good as well, and the service was very quick. We'd definitely return!
Stopped in here for a Friday happy hour with co-workers. The beer was decently priced for happy hour. The appetizers were decently priced, which would be awesome if they were good.  The chicken strips were terrible. I have never eaten something so greasy and yet dry all at once. They are beer battered (like fish) which could be good, but the execution on this was terrible. The outside was really greasy which took away all of the crispy goodness that usually happens when things are battered and deep fried. The chicken itself was dry as a bone. We also got an order of fries that came out cold and were just below mediocre.  The place was really warm, which could be attributed to the summer heat, but we were sitting inside, so there is a fair assumption that air conditioning would be involved.  I'll pass next time my coworkers are planning a trip here. I'd be better off eating at McDonald's.
The Skeptical Chymist (15688 N. Pima Road, Scottsdale, AZ 85260) is a bit of Ireland, right here in Scottsdale. The minute you enter The Skeptical Chymist, traditional apothecary items originally purchased in Ireland surround you.  Dark wood surrounds your every turn, even a side room named after the pub's namesake book written by Robert Boyle of Cork, Ireland.  The 1627 book written by Robert Boyle, became the foundation for modern day chemistry.  I have always found Irish pubs in America tie a great story related to an Irish native or product from Ireland.   Their menu includes appetizers, flatbread sandwiches, soups and salads, burgers, entrees and a small dessert selection.  Irish entre specialties include Real Lamb Shepherd's Pie, Corned Beef and Cabbage, and Fish & Chips.  Their Fish & Chips platter ($14.00 dinner portion) includes a large piece of battered cod, along with French fries, tangy coleslaw and tartar sauce.  Their fish is fried and tastes delicious, especially with malt vinegar drizzled generously on top.  Their fries are ample, lining the whole entire plate under the large piece of cod.  You find a hint of garlic within this combination of soft and crispy fries.  Their entre items can be paired with other sides including, scalloped potatoes, green beans, salad, cole slaw or their soup of the day.   Accompanying the fish and chips, their Lost Coast Brewery IPA (which was a special of the day) is a red bitter brew, but a bitter that grows less with each taste.  If a red brew is not for your choosing, you can select one of their many draft beers available as well as wine by the glass.  They offer a happy hour each day from 4-7 p.m., $2.00 off their beer and wine.  The Skeptical Chymist brings a touch of Ireland, both in atmosphere and food.  Stop by today and you will not come away hungry or thirsty.  Slainte!
First time in we went for late lunch on Friday.  The place was really quiet, only a few other tables occupied.  We tried the fish & chips.  Pretty good but way too greasy for my taste, my partner thought otherwise and devoured.  Also served with cole slaw.  Portion are huge.  Food offerings tend to be heavy and calorie-laden.  But hey, this is an Irish pub and from that perspective, I think they've got it right.  Impressed me as a great place to Go Irish and if you're looking for some night time bar action, could probably work well.    For me - for lunch - not so much.
An excellent little Irish pub with good beer and authentic food. Ive had the fish and chips a few times and its always excellent. Had the shepherds pie today and was inspired to write a good review. Attentive service and "football" on the big screen..a solid experience.
This is my most favorite Irish Bar in all of Phoenix! The food and the staff are fantastic and the patio is great. The Chymist is my spot to watch all the football (soccer) matches as well. :)
Big fan of the Belfast burger, especially on Mondays when it's a mere $5. Great beer list and good service.  Never been here for live music or Seahawks games, but it's a nice atmosphere anyway.
Come in often for a couple pints and to watch soccer.  Staff is friendly.  Rasher burger is good, as are fries and wings.  Heard good things about the muscles as well.  Very accommodating owner and manager.
Very pleasantly surprised! We had driven by many, many times wondering what exactly could fit in that little corner of a strip mall. Turns out a lot! A great little Irish Pub with some great food and drink offerings.  My husband loved the corned beef and cabbage, I enjoyed my fish and chips only complaint is that the chips were french fries....fish and chips need chunky fries! It is a tradition. The side of coleslaw though was delicious.  The VERY best part was dessert. Can highly recommend the Bailey's Irish Cream Bread & Butter pudding with custard. Speaks for itself really.  The atmosphere was nice and the staff were wonderful!
How nice to be instantly transported from a run of the mill shopping area into an old school Irish pub. The Syeptical Chymist has a decent array of beers and whiskeys but they do not carry Kilkenny (my favorite).  Pros: Great happy hour specials. The appetizers are really very tasty. My favorites are the beef sliders, garlic fries (I know not very Irish huh?), and mussels. The Shepperd's Pie is served traditionally with lamb mince rather than the other local pubs who use ground beef. Also, the Irish breakfast is the best in town. Additionally, the staff is EXTREMELY friendly and helpful.  Cons: The owners must be from Washington state because there is Seahawk and Cougar paraphernalia everywhere. Isn't there a bar in town that plays Charger games?? At any rate, it gets loud during game time, but no big...It's an Irish pub right?  Definitely recommended!!!!
I don't know what it is about this place, maybe it's the location, maybe it's the crowd, but there's just no vibe here. The ambiance is cool, the little patio is nice. But I'm just not "feelin it" when I come here. The food is good, the drink prices are not that great. I give this place a shrug and a "meh" rating. Basically it's alright I guess.
Appetizers were great and at Happy Hour prices, hard to beat! Drinks are cheap too! Josh was good at getting our group of 15 seated together! The only reason they did not get 5 stars as the waitress seemed a little scattered.... Asking for napkins or extra lemons for the water seemed a stress to her......    I always wonder if the gratituity being included on lard
I went here with a group of co-workers Monday evening after work. I was suprised to see how tucked back and hidden SC is in the strip mall area it's situated in (if in a different location this place could have great potential). Once inside, it was completely empty (which I couldn't believe, especially for a big Monday night football game, plus it seemed like a cool Irish pub). They had awesome happy hour specials ($5 burgers w/ fries), which made me want to come back again and try new things out. I went ahead with the lamb shepard's pie which was great, and everyone else enjoyed their meals as well.  Overall a great experience...I'll be back for more!
Seahawks bar in AZ!!! Awesome!! Ok the beer specials during the games was a great deal with $3 anything beers, pretty cute waitstaff ( I wish I remembered my waitresses name but she was very sweet and looked like she was 16 but very nice and quick with drinks especially since we had like 20 people in my group, I love places where waitresses can keep up with a ton of tabs and not complain) Overall very good, I only had scalloped potatoes since I was not feeling well but everyone said the food was good. The TV setup was strong and great views and audio.  I don't give out a lot of 5 stars but when I come next time I will try the food for sure and keep up the great service.
Food was good. We loved the crab cake appetizer.  We had the shepards pie and the fried fish which were both great.   The service, however, was not great. My pet peeves, after taking any order, check back before food comes out.  Generally the person needs another drink - and if it's alcohol then it's money for the restaurant.  Also, there was a neighboring table that sat with dirty dishes for at least 20 minutes.  Mind you, they were NOT busy - I'd hate to see what the service is like when they are.
I was told about this place as the unofficial home for the Seahawks (aka as the SeaChickens) in this area.  Seattle was playing a Thursday night game, so a group of fans and I decided to go there and give it a go. It is a Irish style pub tucked into a corner in a strip mall.  Although I had been in the mall a number of times visiting Golfsmiths, Best Buy, and Northern Lights, I had no inkling this place was even there. We got there early, jut in time for Happy Hour, and it was great. Half price off of all appetizers and flatbreads, and $2.00 off all beers and wine. In addition, they have great daily specials.  It has quite a gathering for Seahawk games, and it can be pretty noisy and wild during the games.  However, I did return on a Monday night to try their $5.00 hamburger (a great bargain), and although it was busy, it was a very friendly and easy going atmosphere.  With their daily specials, great happy hour, and friendly atmosphere, this could become one of my favorite places.
I've been here a few times and always seem to have a good time. The beer is cold and they have drink specials all the time. Their servers are friendly and hustle for you. The outdoor patio can be somewhat smokey so sit as far away from the patio if the smoke bothers you.  There is a guy that sings and plays the guitar in the evening. There's some floor to ceiling TV's so you can see all the sporting events.  I think their burgers are below Meh, eventhough they are $5 on Monday night. The flat bread for 1/2 price off on Wednesday is a GREAT deal. Their chicken fingers are tasty as well.  I have had their Tortilla Soup which was good but not great. My favorite dish so far is the Fish & Chips (fries). This dish is $14 for dinner and $9 for lunch. The fish is fried in a batter and is delicious. This is their signature dish; so you should definitely order the Fish.  Since this is a Seahawks bar, I guess they won't allow any Bears fans in the pub this Sunday. Other than being Seahawks fans, these guys are OK.
trying to see the menu as it has been a long time since I was there.  No Menu on the website?  How can that be?   Update please.  Staff quickly took care of the "down" menu!.  Looks good.  I will go by and try you again.  Thanks for the quick action
Our party of four had dinner here, three of us ordered burgers, one got the steak special. Three out of four really liked the food, so I guess that's 75 percent customer satisfaction. The place was packed (there was a group watching a college football game--extremely loud) and the service was slow and forgetful, we had to ask more than once for things. I'd go back, although I doubt that one of our companions would ever do so--his burger was way overcooked, he had to ask for ketchup repeatedly and finally just got up and swiped it from another table. But the oddest thing was when he asked for mayo, the server looked at him like he was crazy and like she'd never heard of such a thing. The men were happy with their beers (one ordered a Black & Tan) and the women w/their drinks. We got dessert to go, it was very good (bread pudding and a brownie) the next day.
A great little Irish beer with fabulous pub food and awesome drinks!! Quite an extensive selection of whiskeys and import beers alone! I`m usually not a big beer drinker but I did try a dirty black and tan ( half Guinness and half Irish cider), hello delicious!!  I have been here three times so far to indulge with my friends, group trivia, and its always a great time!! Superb and friendly staff! Plus the gal who reads out the trivia questions has quite a thick Irish brogue, quite enjoyable! Great atmosphere!
The Middleton is always expensive but dam its good.  This is a great place to go for good music, great fish sandwiches and amazing bread pudding.  (make sure you ask them for a piece from the middle of the pan and extra sauce as these are the best pieces- very moist and delicious)  They often have live entertainment.  The patrons are very nice most of them professionals of some sort and the bartenders are great.  I like the atmosphere but whoever picked this location should have their head examined.  Its hard to find and the parking which is a small inconvenience for me is most likely a big deal for others who don't like to walk or stagger long distances.  Still highly recommended for a great Irish experience.
This is my favorite bar for happy hour in North Scottsdale.  Beats out 4 Peaks by a nose.  High quality bar food is the main draw.  Great service as well.  Easy parking and location near so many jobs is probably why its so popular.  Sundays during football season Seahawk fans gather there which is good for me.  Love to roll in there, order up crab cakes and nurse a couple beers while chatting with coworkers or relaxing while waiting for traffic to die down.  Its an upbeat and happy place!
Awesome place to come and watch the game. The food is REALLY good too. Went here with my some family and Jillian was our server and she was great! People like that can really light up a place. I have yet to take my boyfriend here and his office is so close, I can't wait to show him this great find! :)
This is mine and my husband's go to restaurant.  We usually go out to dinner on Friday nights and we normally go to Skeptical Chymist!  The food here is fantastic, and this is saying a lot since we never thought we'd find a decent, reasonably priced place to eat after we moved here from the Midwest.  We've tried more than half of the menu items and never had a bad meal.  We go after he gets out of work so their happy hour specials are still available (50% off appetizers.)  Even if we're a couple of minutes late they still ALWAYS give us the happy hour discount, just ask!  We usually split a few appetizers and share a bread pudding dessert which is more than enough for dinner.  Although I have many favorites, if I was forced to only recommend one item off the menu it would be the braised rib sliders!  They are absolutely fantastic; the meat is extremely tender and flavorful.  I wish they would make an entre sized portion of the sliders (HINT HINT!)  The bread pudding is also to die for.  Even if my husband and I are stuffed we still always get it!  The Baileys cream sauce they cover it with is so good I could eat of bowl of it by itself.  I love the atmosphere as well.  It doesn't feel like you're in North Scottsdale anymore, it's very relaxed and fun!  We've always had great service; the waitresses are quick and attentive.
Our first time dining here and we will return again.  Our waitress, Danielle, greeted us cheerfully, brought drinks, took our order and followed up with just the right amount of attentiveness.  We ordered the flat bread 1/2 off Wednesday specials.  I had the BBQ topping minus the onions.  The sauce might have been a bit more tasty but the flat bread was really good.  The lunch time crowd was modest but everyone seemed to be served with a smile and the food came out in a reasonable time period.  The decor is quite interesting and is a nice change from the often sterile atmosphere of many a grill.  Give the place a try.
Ok, so here's the skinny on Skeptical Chymist.  I work near this hidden gem, and also attend weekly trivia, so I've experience both day and night outings on a regular basis here.  The service is something to be desired.  There always seems to be an ever changing staff of waitresses, one after the next seem indifferent to prompt service after the intial, "What'd you like for drink?"  Don't get me wrong, there are a few waiters/waitresses that have been there for a while and they're awesome...but there's more than a handful that need to either shape up or shove off.  The food - there's pretty much nothing bad on the menu here.  Mussels - AMAZING, and the broth is even tastier than the mussels themselves!  Rasher burger - I'd get it every time if my doctor allowed me to.  Flatbreads - not too much here, if you're hungry, don't waste your money on these.  Steak salad - my personal favorite, though after they recently raised the prices, it's a little hard to stomach a $14 salad.  Also, don't get soda or mixed drinks here...it tastes funky and the owners know about it.  They've been "working on it" for nearly three years now.
I wish I lived a little closer to Skeptical Chemist.  I would eat here more often.  The food is good, the staff are friendly, the ambience is one of a fine irish pub.   All the food I have had has been very good.
We tried this a 2nd time.  The food was awesome - we had the crab cakes, shepard's pie and hamburgers.  And the waitress was very attentive (much better than last time).  This is a great neighborhood hangout.
This establishment has become our neighborhood favorite simply because of one reason:  the exceptional food. Everything that we've ordered, from the yummy shepherd's pie (with LAMB) to the spiced-how-you-would-like-it chicken curry to the savory mussels in broth have been consistently strong. Flavors are complex and well-developed.  Our only complaint is the service; it is very inconsistent. We don't expect or desire it to be overly attentive, but the majority of time we go there, we feel pretty ignored. Maybe it's just us, but I suspect not! Luckily, the food will keep us coming back for more.
we are huge fans of this totally awesome place i like to call home... but even bigger fans of our waitress
Thank you, Skeptical Chymist of Scottsdale, for ruining our wedding reception. I've been in the service industry for long enough to know that this was a disaster. The food was fine, the waitress we had was great, but the GM was a terror. He has been ambiguous about the event details the entire time I've been planning. I had given him a card number for payment months in advance. He did not run the card, even after I asked him about not running the card. Contrary to the contract I signed, I was charged for the entire amount of the bill all at once. My debit card said 'oh hell no' to the massive charge and when we tried to work out something with the GM we were yelled at and basically held hostage under threat of prosecution until we could get my Dad to come bail us out. Our poor server was so upset, my Dad said she was in tears over it. What should have been a special day for us was a nightmare.
This place is a gem!  This was my 3rd time here, first time for lunch.  The food and service was spectacular!!! The fish and chips, the best I've ever had, including some places in London!! The Blackened Chicken Sandwich on TOASTED chibatta, done perfectly.  They also have amazing happy hour specials from 4-7 and I recommend the crab cakes.  This place is all around perfect, I just wish I would have found it sooner.  They also do a recurring Tuesday night trivia night, which packs the place and is great entertainment.   Top notch all around!
This is my favorite place for happy hour (4-7 pm everyday) in North Scottsdale. The service is always excellent, obviously management knows how to hire servers. I believe all the apps are $5.  The food is outstanding whether you're eating from the happy hour menu or the regular menu. Three Lamb Skewers are placed on top of a salad. Dip the lamb into the cilantro yoghurt and you will be very happy. The salad is topped off with a few tiny nuts and the house salad dressing really adds to the flavor of the salad. This $5 happy hour appetizer would be a dinner for most of you ladies out there. The four mouth watering Braised Rib Sliders are accompanied by horse radish cream, BBQ Sauce, onion strings and swiss cheese. Let's not forget the 2 crab cakes that are actually made of real crab. The crab cake appetizer makes my wife very happy if you know what I mean. Did I mentioned that the chicken tenders with honey mustard are an excellent choice as well. Or how about the Flat Bread? They have many different types of flat bread. All of the flat breads are tasty.  The only drawback is that sometimes the smoke from the patio over powers the dinning room. They have live music after happy hour. Did I mention that the beer is cold? I love the Skeptical Chymist because it consistently delivers on the quality of food, drinks, entertainment and service.
I have only been here for two things. BAR TRIVIAAAA and Happy Hour! BOTH ARE GREAT let me tell you. The last time my team (a group of my friends) played bar trivia we got second place and I got to keep our prize, a Skeptical Chymist gift card. Which I definitely used. Let me tell you, Four Peaks is literally next door, BUT during happy hour this place is a great spot for beer and some cheap food. The flatbreads are all half off on happy hour and they are great. I got one with chicken and red peppers etc. We also tried the half off cod sliders. Those were pretty good, tasted crispy etc. The tartar sauce was okay, and the bun was a little sweet, but hey, I am not gonna complain. The girls also enjoy cocktails on happy hour, one personal fave I have now is a 'snakebite' its half hefe and half cider. This is also on their happy hour for a mere $3 per beer! HOLLER.  Anyway, good beer, good food, I also like the out door tables. Although the face the freeway, whatever. On a hot day, the shade and the misters are what is good. Plus I like the wind blowing in my face from the cars whizzing by. Just kidding. Its not like that. But definitely check this place out for a casual happy hour. There is smoking on the patio, I believe. Not my thing especially when I am sitting out there, but hey if it suits you, there ya go.
I have been here a few times and never been disappointed.  Most recently I came with a co-worker for Happy Hour and was over the moon with my food and the price! The flatbread is huge and delicious.  I want to try the sliders next time. Keep in mind HH is 3-6, and I highly recommend it!!!
Came here on a Saturday night and the band was really good! I wish I found out the name of the band because the lead singer had a really great voice!  My husband and I came here with 4 other friends whom we've known since college and were trying to catch up on each other's lives over a few beers and food. Maybe it wasn't the brightest idea to choose some place with a live band and drunk people to catch up, since it was hard to hear each other talk, but oh well, we had a great time anyway.  I suggest getting the short rib flat bread. It really made an impression on us, so we would definitely order it again. I think we also ordered the bacon onion jalepeno, which was pretty good. I ate the corned beef and cabbage for my entree, which I cannot make an impartial judgement about, simply because I love corned beef and cabbage and I loved it here. Our waiter was super friendly and had so much to talk about to, so he was very entertaining.  I ordered Guinness with my meal, so unfortunately I didn't try some of the other beers. That will be my goal the next time we go back, because I guarantee that we will be back there, hopefully for happy hour next time!
This is a really difficult review for me to write. I've eaten here on two previous occasions. I love the decor.  The staff is friendly. The Shepard's Pie is extraordinarily good.  On today's visit I asked why Bangers and Mash is not on the menu.  The waitress said that while it is not on the menu it is available and I could order it.  I did so. Mistake.  I've lived in Britain, home of bangers and mash.  I've eaten many a banger. Bangers are a plump  sausage, typically made with a particular type of breadcrumbs called 'rusk' and they have a very distinctive flavor.  Go to Wikipedia, search for "bangers and mash" to see a typical photo.  The bangers on my plate today looked NOTHING like bangers.  Small, scrawny things that tasted rather like frankfurter. they were also a reddish color of frankfurter rather than the rich dark brown that a banger should be.  If you go to Skeptical Chymist I heartily recommend the Shepard's Pie.  Skip the Bangers and Mash however.
Really liked this place.  It's a big place, with plenty of outdoor seating as well.  I love the Irish pub feel, although the outdoor pub facade in a strip mall was kind of weird.  Old pub feel inside, with some decent happy hour and reverse happy hour specials, good food, and good beer on tap.  Plus I live right around the corner.  Will definitely be back!
Nice atmosphere that was neither too bright nor too dark. Prompt sevice. Come for the happy hour appetizer specials. Tasty mussels in a very nice broth for only $5!
This is a solid pub. The atmosphere was nice and service was good. The best part is their great happy hour and specials. Happy hour is 4-7pm daily. Half off appetizers and $2 off beer and wine. the mussels were pretty big and very tasty. We also ordered the jalapeno onion flatbread which was a little soggy but had good flavor. I would go back here again for sure!
I really, really, really want to love this place.  However, the service is so sketchy I am leary of going.  I would say every other time we have a decent server.  And there is no "authority" figure visible.    We recommend this place all the time. However, I may have to pre-empt the warning with "it's great food, but don't expect great service."
Really great atmosphere for a strip mall Irish pub in North Scottsdale!  The happy hour is a great deal too - 4-7pm each day for $2 off draft beers...$3.25 for a pint of cider makes me very happy!
The Fig Flat Bread with balsamic vinegar reduction is UNIQUE and tastes AMAZING!  The beers on tap are good; I prefer the Konig Weiss.  This is a great place to watch any Euro-sport.  The Happy Hour is not bad!  They have live music on the weekends, many times it is an Irish style band.  It is actually very much so like an Irish pub, meaning it is not full of green shamrocks and leprechauns, but wooden interior with good beer and European sports memorabilia (Rugby, Soccer etc)...You would actually never expect it to look the way it does inside considering it is drowning in an enormous strip mall.  The only reason it gets 4 and not 5 stars is the service can be hit or miss, and the patio is always smokey and the draft blows it inside the bar window/shutter, so many times I have felt like I was suffocating from cigarette smoke.
I do love this place... good grub, great atmosphere - and they have a Seattle Seahawk's following!  This is a place I use to go to with co-workers where we could use the wifi and work late afternoons while enjoying a Harp.  Now, that my job has changed, we go for Seahawk games or anytime we're in the area.  Always delivers a good pour.
Really cool Irish pub camouflaged in the corner of a strip mall in NoSco....it's owned by the same guys who own Tim Finnegans and shares the same menu and pricing. Very good value proposition for Happy Hour, 1/2 price appetizers, beer specials. Appetizers are great, especially the short rib sliders, PEI mussels and lamb skeweres. Carlburg draft is always 3 bucks a pint, can't beat that anywhere! Service can be hit or miss unless you sit at the bar (which I prefer to do if I arrive as happy hour is ticking down), but servers are generally pleasant. Nice smoking patio with outdoor tv for the cigar smoking sports fans.  Value proposition: 5 stars Food/drinks: 4 stars Service 3.5 stars.
I took my family to Skeptical Chymist to meet with some friends from work.  We definitely enjoyed the food a lot - it tastes fresh and made-from-scratch.  They definitely carry a lot of Irish beers and ales, which my friends tried and enjoyed.  I had a hamburger - which tasted great.  My family all had the Southwest Chicken Burger - and they all loved it - they said the chicken tasted like it was cooked on a grill.  I would suggest the owners add some acoustic panels in the ceiling as the noise level was nearly deafening.  Next time I am going to try the corned beef and cabbage - it looked delicious!
The Chymist is one of the more compelling Irish bars to visit in the Valley. The decor is spot on and unique, with its apothecary goo-gaws everywhere one's eyes land. It's location is challenging, being high congestion area and wedged in a kind of cul de sac of a shopping center. But that doesn't necessarily diminish its appeal.   Happy hour is the time to visit, with half off all appetizers & flat breads and 2 bucks off all wine and beer. We were served promptly on a Tuesday with the bar maybe one-third capacity. We got a couple of Dirty Apples -- half each Guinness and cider, some know this as a snakebite.  The menu had a lot more seemingly authentic traditional dishes than in other Valley pubs, but a decidedly not-Irish Beef Sliders dish seemed to be one of the most popular orders as I saw tray after tray walk by. I never lived in the British Isles, so I'll just say I was impressed by the variety.  My bowl of PEI Mussels was only five dollars at happy hour. The single-sized tureen had probably 20 or so plump shells in a salty, bacony, and very peppery broth. So peppery, I choked and sneezed through the last half, but couldn't resist spooning out as much of the leeks and bacon that I could get hold of. What is PEI? I found out this means "Prince Edward Island", a desirable cultivar.   We shared a basket of crunchy, thin cut garlic fries, with a cup of leek vegetable stew. Everything was heavily salted and seasoned, which was okay by me.  Great for an after work stop, or maybe check out the live bands or trivia nights if that's your thing.
Sorry the flat bread is a date, not fig flat bread!   it is AWESOME!  Sorry about the typo in my previous review!
Irish Pubs are one of my favorite things. I met a friend for drinks at a nearby bar a couple of weeks ago. He said he wanted to check the Skeptical Chymist on the way out because a couple of night prior he went to Rubio's and the parking lot was full with people going to the pub. Our visit early Sunday afternoon and it was nearly empty.   Walking in, I was pleased to see how spacious it is. Lots of room inside plus patio seating. We sat at a high-top table - a large beer barrel with a thick wooden top. I absolutely love the table. It is the perfect height. I learned on my next visit the wood comes from the Washington/Canadian border and is screen printed there. Most of these read Guinness.   A good selection of beer on tap - and none of it is Bud Light, Miller Lite, Corona. Of course they have Guinness. I started with a Newcastle and later discovered the Firestone Walker Velvet Merlin. Wednesday evenings are another good night. It was busier than Sunday. The special during happy hour is half off appetizers and flatbreads and $2 off all pints. I wanted to try some new things yesterday, although I started off with the Velvet Merlin. I tried the Firestone Walker Union Jack IPA, a Wider Brothers Marionberry hibiscus gose, a Deschutes black butte porte, and a Grimbergen Dubbel all draught pints. Add an order of cod sliders (4) and I got out of there on $22.  The server was very friendly and stopped by frequently to see how we were doing. She split the check up between the two of us without issue and the orders were accurate.   I like the feel of this place, the specials, and the large selection of beers. Right now this is my favorite spot, even though it is far from where I live.
great selection of beers on tap!  I am pleased to go into a place that offers a different selection from the normal sports bar, yet still has plenty of the old stand byes!  food is great, happy hour is awesome! I love the daily specials, which encourage me to try something new at a reasonable price as well!  service is rock star super awesome and amazing as well! i usually end up in Joey's section and also had the pleasure of  being served by Kyle this evening.. both are super helpful in helping me decide on a delicious beer and always there with a smile or anything i need!  this is one place id be proud to be a regular at!
The few times I have been here have been some of the best times I've had since moving to Phoenix! The atmosphere is 'let us get our drink on!' but not in a fraternity, 'club like', obnoxious way. I love the dark wood and all the different kinds of seating they offer. The outside area is a great place to catch some fresh air or to grab a smoke.   Happy hour offers super yummy food at great prices! I have also ordered off the regular menu and loved, loved, loved the Skeptical Chymist salad! All the food I have eaten here is awesome!  I've only ever sat at the bar and the service was great! And it's sooooo lovely when the employees remember who you are! Bobby and Jen are awesome and so much fun. You could tell that they made sure everyone at the bar was well taken care of having a great time. They made sure to engage with us and make us laugh, it makes for an experience you want to return to! I HATE going to bars where the bartenders are robots and don't care about the experience you are having and the only conversation you have is taking your order. So. Lame.   Needless to say I will be returning and look forward to more kick ass times here.
In my search for trivia nights ,  I visited the place this Tuesday. Place wasnt too crowded, not sure its the norm. The food was decent  and service was ok. The place can be difficult to find in the complex . The trivia was fun, good variety of questions and overall ok experience. I will visit again on a trivia night but will keep it as one of the options, not the only one.
Decent pub with a decent vibe, as long as you can find it buried in the corner of a strip mall. Any craic during the week must end by 10 and they look to close up as soon after that as possible. This sounds like a bad review, but really the place is pretty nice. They can't help that they set up shop in scottsdull. They had a pub quiz on Tuesday and a singer/guitarist on Wednesday, so they are, at least, creative.   On the plus side, they have an excellent black bean burger for the veggies. And to repeat: a decent pub with a decent vibe. I have not spent too much time in this area but that could be larger commodity than I know. Competing with Twin Peaks and Short Kilts, well, it's an easy win there.
was in the area from out of town, stopped by and had delicious fish & chips and a stongbow cider..  service was good, food & drinks were good.. really enjoyed it..!!
If you want to taste the best fish & chip in the world, this is the place. We just came back from Alaska & Seattle, places supposed to have best fish & chip in the world, not even close.  Staff is always friendly. This is a grate place.
Any place that has happy hour on the weekends gets a high-five in my book. We had the bacon jalapeno flatbread and it was delish. My husband tried several of their beers, and I had the best pear cider ever.   While it wasn't busy and there wasn't really any good sports on all their big TVs, we enjoyed a Saturday afternoon pit stop there. And their patio looks nice. They seem to have good daily specials, so we'll surely be back.
I had high expectations going to a Seahawks bar for a Monday Night Football. And it met my expectations. The flatbreads were very good, I had the Tomato Basil and my wife had the Bacon Jalapeno. As a vegetarian I usually find it difficult to find decent bar food. But they did have an above average black bean burger that could be substituted on any burger.  In addition if you are a Seahawks fan it's the best place to watch the game in the valley.
This place is good  They have a great selection of beer and wines.   I will be bringing my mom back to try the crab cakes for sure as she is a fan and they were pretty darn tasty.   Make sure to try the garlic fries too - they are fresh cut and tasty.
Not instant, but prompt service, and the waitress was perky and friendly. Decent food--Shepherd's Pie was good. If I lived nearby I'd go back. Liked the decor.
I was a skeptic of this chemist of brew.  Needless to say, I wasn't too far off.  This is great for a night out with the boys to watch the game.  That's all I can say since I wouldn't recommend coming here to chat.    I ordered me a beer and some fried fish and chips.  I don't like soggy food, but I guess that's how it comes here.  The fried fish was laid on top of my garlic fries, which were way greasy.  As the fish and fries came together it was a hot soggy mess.  I might want to add tasteless too.  The place definitely has a pub look and feel.  Live music when I came that night, but the football game was going on too.  Rowdy fans and loud music doesn't go well, but I guess it wouldn't matter after a few drinks.  Our service was good, but splitting checks again can be a challenge. - Enjoy!
3.5 - I'm a fan, but it's A-OK.  The first time we ever came here I had a potato soup with blue cheese and bacon. It was fantastic. Since then, the husband has had their fish and chips, corned beef, and the Shepard's pie. All were good, standard Irish pub fare. The best deal they have is their $5 burgers. Every Monday any burger on the menu is just $5 and it comes with one side (fries, mashed potatoes, salad). It's close to our work and you'll know where to find us on Mondays. The wait staff is super nice and even noticed I had dyed my hair (since we are there that often). If you are ever in the area, definitely check it out. The location isn't ideal; it's tucked away in a shopping center off the 101 and next to a Rubio's. You might drive by it once or twice, but don't give up!
I loved the ambiance of this place from the moment I stepped out of the car and was walking in looking at the windows.  They did a great job with decoration.  The beer was great and with half price pint night I was in heaven.  The daily specials on booze are all good, making me wish I lived closer and could be a regular here.  I will be back next time I am in Scottsdale.
Monday... BIG screen football, volume up, don't come here Mon night if you don't want to be immersed in football. $5 burgers that are reg $10, combined that with happy hour deals 4-7 pm every day of delicious GOOD drafts for just a bit over $3 & all flatbreads & apps 1/2 price. At normal prices I would feel more 3-star. But if you know what you are getting into & come for deals, it is great for what it is.  Waiter was VERY knowledgeable of menu, helpful with suggestions.    Atmosphere really is great with the dark wood ceilings to floors, big place but broken up with all sorts of nooks, interesting apothecary stuff Apollo over in cabinets, with Seattle Seahawks stuff thrown in.
Stopped in for lunch a few weeks ago, the verdict: overpriced mediocre and slow. The Reuben was unremarkable and I nearly died of thirst. Latenight is better with plenty of half and half stouts (ie black and blue) and generally likeable live music on weekends.
We had our work Christmas party here and they were SO accomodating!  Trever goes out of his way to make sure the guests are happy.  I can't wait to go back with relatives who are visiting for Christmas.
Warning! Do not go here on Sundays unless you are a Seahawks fan! My boyfriend and I were looking for a new place to watch football, and innocently walked into this place wearing our football jerseys of a different team...big mistake! We actually got booed! This place is a Seahawk only zone, and nobody else is welcomed. If you are looking for a fun place to watch football in the area, head over to Twin Peaks which is within walking distance. They have great food and a fantastic football atmosphere where everyone is welcome.
I had the distinct pleasure of making the acquaintance of the King of our fair city earlier this week. At his behest, we met up at The Skeptical Chymist.  At first glance, I was nervous that the venue would be incredibly small. It's tucked away in the corner of a shopping center, between a sandwich shop and a Rubio's. The storefront is immensely wide, but for some reason, it didn't appear that it would be very spacious inside.  To say that I was wrong would be putting it lightly. When I walked up to the "Please Seat Yourself" sign where a hostess might stand during peak hours, I was immediately lost. There was a vast section in the center of the bar that was teeming with people there to enjoy the amazing happy hour specials (from 4:00 pm - 7:00 pm). I had to actually walk around to the right side of this group (through a small seated dining section) to reach the bar.  I only had a moment to gaze at the bar while waiting for Scott D. to arrive. In that time, I noticed several different beers with which I am, sadly, not yet familiar. Though, after the night I enjoyed, I'm sure we will not be strangers for very long.  When Scott D. arrived, we ordered a nice stout beer (I'm ashamed to say that I was too nervous to pay attention to the name of the ale). Scott said that it's a good idea to "start from the left, and work your way to the right" of the beers on tap. On this night, we never made it past the first tap.  We picked up our ales, and headed to the outdoor patio (another pleasant surprise).  The patio was surrounded by misters, which I'm sure, offer great relief during the blistering summer months. There was a television in the corner of the patio that was airing the Thursday night NFL game. There was a walk up bar that connected to the bar in the main room.   At first, it appeared that we got lost in the mix, as it took a while before a waiter came around to see how we were doing. But, once they realized their mistake, they were exceptionally quick to rectify the situation. Our server, whose name escapes me, was incredibly courteous and apologetic for the delay. He asked if we were interested in appetizers...which, after the strong ale, we absolutely were!  Scott recommended the "Pulled Pork Sliders". Perhaps it was the beer, perhaps it was the situation. But the sliders were great! They come four to a plate (perfect for sharing). And since it was happy hour, we got them at half price ($5.00).  As the night progressed, there was another round of the same beer. That, subsequently, led to another appetizer. For this round, Scott suggested the Chicken Tenders. Being happy hour, we only paid $4.50 for this dish. Just like before, this dish comes with four chicken tenders, making for another easy mathematical conclusion as to which way the dish should be split. I know they were chicken, but the manner in which these tenders are fried, they reminded me more of fried fish. Whatever the case may be, they were scrumptious.  Cue the third round of beers, again from the same tap. (Now I HAVE to return, just so I can figure out what this beer is called!)   We sat, we drank, we ate, and we were merry. We ended up chatting for more than three hours over drinks and bar fare. So, if you were paying attention, you know that we each had three stout ales and two delicious appetizers during our little pow wow.   By the time the tab came, I had completely forgotten that we had been drinking and dining on Happy Hour prices. The damage was an astounding $40.00...including a generous tip!   As we exited the bar (three plus hours later), it dawned on me that there was a stage upon which live music acts performed! This place is WAY bigger than I had originally though!    And did I mention the "Library"? I fear I may have said too much already...perhaps when I return, I'll venture into the rest of the nooks and crannies of this local gem!  That wraps it up for my 50th review. I know, to some, 50 reviews isn't an impressive milestone. But, to me, this one was special. And, after all, everybody has to start somewhere!  I hope you enjoy both the review and the venue!
I really wanted to like this place as I've been looking for an Irish Bar around Scottsdale that reminds me of Nine Irish on Purdue's campus. A large group of us went here on a weekday for happy hour. I made a reservation the day before but they got the date wrong. Good thing they called to confirm the day of the actual event so I could let them know that we were coming in that night. They had a lot of other large groups and luckily they were able to squeeze us in.  We ordered the garlic fries, wings, pizza, and pork sliders. The food was ok, nothing special. The service was pretty slow too. Since we sat next to the area where extra plates, silverware, etc. were served, we just helped ourselves. The atmosphere was pretty cool though and very much like an Irish pub. They had live music that night but the artist wasn't very good and the music was very loud so it was hard to make conversation with the person sitting right next to you. I'm pretty sure there's no smoking inside but for some reason it smelled like cigarette smoke. I didn't see anyone smoking so I'm not sure where it was coming from as no one at our table smoked.  Overall, it was just a-ok.
Very cheerful, upbeat atmosphere. Excellent service. There is a huge screen that usually shows sports for the fans. And, a happy hour that makes the food significantly cheaper. If you are wanting to listen to modern Irish jigs while eating delicious food (who doesn't?!), read on.  I've ordered a number of appetizers and dishes here. The cod and pork sliders are by far the best. There are also wings, fries and Irish-style pizzas, and tacos, among other dishes. If you are a first-timer, make sure you go during happy hour (4 pm to 7 pm) and order pork tacos and cod sliders; you won't regret it. God, I'm salivating just thinking about going back.
Great service!
Walked in and the SeaHawkers club had just left.  The place was a wreck and they were scrambling to get the tables cleaned and the restaurant back in order.  Good service, good food and cold drinks.  Use the 4Square app and unlock an additional dollar off your drinks, even during happy hour.
Bloody good pub! Order the cottage pie. The live music is the reason to go. The food, pints and friendly service is the reason to return. :)
Seahawks central!   It was a fun place to watch the Seahawks playoff game, though there were almost no specials for an NFL sunday game place--disappointing, considering that so many other bars offer at least a set of discounted apps and drinks for Sunday specials. The only offered $3.25 draft/bottles.   The food was expensive, and while they were generous on the portions, paying $10/plate for anything isn't what you want while watching football. Nor was it anything special.   The waitress was attentive and helpful. We had the fish and chips and a few beers, and it was a decent amount of food (a lot of fries). We wouldn't go back unless to specifically watch a Seahawks game during playoffs.
Ok atmosphere. Ok service. Terrible food. Great beer on tap. Overall, really below average food for the area. Everything is deep fried and fatty but tasteless. Not rushing back... Unless I'm only thirsty and it's happy hour.
Great fun Irish bar.  Always crowded.  Had their Real Lamb shephard's pie with brown bread since I don't eat beef.  I thought it was pretty good but sorry, can't compare it to a real shephard's pie.  But the fact that it's a bar and came out really hot, I'd say that's a good sign.  Good beer.  TV big screens are lacking a bit so wouldn't really come here to watch a game.  Enjoy the ambience.  Love the live music when they have it.
My wife and I ate here tonight for our first time.  I've been to Ireland and was looking to experience some Irish atmosphere and food.  We arrived early enough that it was still happy hour so since my wife wasn't too hungry, she took advantage of the half-price appetizers.  She had the lamb skewers with salad and enjoyed it.  We also shared an order of the garlic fries, which we thought tasted good but wish the potato fries were a little bigger.  I ordered the Shepherds Pie which was good, although a bit bland.  We arrive at an overall rating of 3 stars as follows:  Atmosphere:  4 stars.  It would be 5 stars but the Seattle Seahawks stuff on the walls really do detract from an Irish atmosphere and makes the place feel a little like a typical American sports bar.  Food:  4 stars.  Nothing special and I would give it 3 stars but I bump it up to 4 stars because the menu is unique with items that aren't available at many other restaurants.  Service:  1 star.  The service was the worst I've experienced anywhere.  The waitress was practically non-existent and never came back to our table to refill my iced tea, see how we're doing or see if we want to order anything else.  I filled my own iced tea by spying an iced tea pitcher across the room and walking over and filling it myself.  Even when she brought the bill, it took her what seemed like forever to return to run the credit card.  This was our first time to eat here and we likely won't return.  There was just nothing in the experience that urges us to return.
With its finely appointed decor resembling a pub straight out of Dublin, the Skeptical Chymist is a visual funhouse, offering sanctuary to the pub-goer looking for something different.   A large chalkboard behind the bar lists a wide variety of handcrafted brews with alcohol contents ranging from five, to the much higher ten percent range typically found in double IPA's. I'm pleasantly surprised with each visit to see the constantly changing offerings.   Their happy hour menu features five dollar flatbreads that are absolutely scrumptious. But the piece de resistance is their corned beef and cabbage; a true delight with its perfectly cooked cabbage and  generous portion of corned beef slathered in a mustard onion demi-glace.   Kudos to our server who was quick to forewarn how the dish comes with a 'gravy', for had she not done so, I'm certain I would have been repulsed upon seeing my corned beef smothered in a brown gravy.  At first, we were both confused, our thoughts swimming around the idea of how gravy could add anything to corned beef. But this gravy is different.  They call it gravy, but it's an onion based demi glace with a slight hint of deli mustard which if you can believe, accents the corned beef into a culinary triumph.  One IPA, and a plate of corned beef for lunch and I found myself flat on the couch an hour later, sleeping Sunday afternoon away like a newborn, as Sundays are meant to be.  During the week, the Chymist is a fun retreat from work, with its all ages crowd, cigar-friendly patio, and extremely fair happy hour prices. The Chymist is a great place to unwind, or, have a fine meal that in no way resembles typical bar food.    I should probably mention how I've yet to find an unfriendly server or slow service.  That's not to say the service is somewhat slower when packed, but if you're there to pound brews instead of enjoying the moment, you'll likely disagree with this review.  Overall, nice job SC management.
If you are headed here for St. Patrick's weekend, I would be indeed skeptical. The corned beef and cabbage plate was laughable - 4 puny slices of corned beef, a scoop of potatoes and a nominal portion of shredded cabbage. What kitchen guy talked management into that? Go for a Harp or some whiskey, but save your appetite for a place that serves real portions or you will still have an appetite after dining here.  P.S The demi-glaze on the corned beef was plain silly.
I have been to this bar 3 times, and the service is ALWAYS different:  1st: Party of 8, work event. Waiter was totally on top of it, knew his beers, knew what he had in stock, and was absolutely amazing. 5 Stars!  2nd: One on One with a co-worker, I had an entire glass of beer spilt down my back, and onto the couch I was sitting on. At least the waitress was nice about it, but jeeze... way to ruin a business suit. 3 Stars!  3rd (yesterday): Came with three friends. I wouldn't recommend to sit at the bar. Waitress has been ignoring us for the better part of an hour, with only about 4 other people sitting there. Didn't get napkins or silverware with food, and we weren't checked up on for nearly 20 minutes to see if our totally empty glasses needed a refill. Check please? 1 Star.  So, to be fair, I'll average it out and give it 3. Better luck next time, I hope!
I absolutely love this place! My boyfriend and I come here for happy hour drinks about once a week and love to arrange meet-ups with our friends here.  The atmosphere is awesome! Every inch of the place is designed to look like an old Irish pharmacy. There is always something cool to look at.  The staff is always friendly and helpful. I've only once had a problem with a bad attitude from one of their servers and haven't seen that girl since. Everyone else is an absolute pleasure and always willing to answer questions and make suggestions. Very attentive and charismatic.  It can get pretty crowded (don't even bother coming on a night the SeaHawks are playing) but there is plenty of seating and a small party can usually find a table. Larger groups should plan on arriving early and coming on less busy weeknights.  They have a great selection of beer, wine and cider and a full bar for any mixed drink you want. They also cycle seasonal and promotional beers regularly so there is always something new to try and they're always happy to let you have a complimentary taste, which I love! Prices seem pretty standard to me. Happy hour has great deals and every day of the week has its own all-day drink special.  The food is really hit or miss. The burgers are amazing and the chicken tenders are great but a lot of their food in general is a bit atypical. For instance, the flatbread pizzas come in varieties including "bacon onion jalepeno" or "date and black pepper" but just a meat'n'cheese choice isn't on the menu and their "tacos" consist of pulled pork and coleslaw. Everything I've tried has been totally delicious, but if you're looking for good ol' simple bar food, you might not like their menu unless you're willing to be adventurous. Like with the drinks, there is a daily special every day of the week except Sundays and flatbreads as well as appetizers are half-off during happy hour.  One of my personal favorite reasons for coming to this bar is Tuesday Night Pub Quiz. Live bar trivia in teams that's WAY more fun than the answer pads and monitors used at other bars. There are a number of regular teams but we've had lots of fun getting a ragtag group together to go and try our best.  Overall, I fully intend to continue frequenting this place for it's charm and feel-good atmosphere.
Two stars due to overall disappointment in the venue.     PROS:   Fish and Chips were excellent in my opinion, and the bread pudding was outstanding.    CONS:   No one to even say "hello" when you come in the door.    Just a greeter would be nice and helpful for a first timer.    Service was spotty throughout the evening.    Most wait staff are more than happy to bring you another drink before you finish the previous one to keep their bill moving up for a better tip, but that wasn't the case here.     The biggest con was the MUSIC - first of all, waaaay too loud indoors.   This isn't a dance club, so it doesn't need to dominate.   It was a conversation killer.    Secondly, it's St. Patrick's weekend, and we're listening to country music???     It just didn't align for us.    An Irish Pub can't line up an Irish Folk Singer for the weekend?     I won't be back.
Can I give this place "0" Stars??!!   This is the 2nd time I have come here and also the 2nd time I sat at the patio. The first time was not a great experience mainly because the outside server was terrible. She never came around and it made for awkward moments when she did. I decided to give it another try and what did I get?! Another terrible experience.   I came here on this past Thursday night around 830PM. I wish I knew who our server was because I really wanted to complain. My friend and I sat down outside at a table and then a moment later another group sat down after us. Their table received drinks and appetizers before we even got asked what we wanted to order. We honestly waited about 10-15 minutes before I decided to hunt for a server inside and ask where the patio server was.  I let that person know we have been waiting for about 10-15 minutes and  haven't been approached for anything. This server was happy to go out of her way and at least get our drinks. She was friendly and was hoping she would be our server and not the normal outside patio server. Well, unfortunately the regular outside patio server  ended up being our server for the night. We then tried being optimistic about it and went and ordered both our drinks and food because who knew when she would come around to check in. Well, later the night came and another 15 minutes or so go by without our server coming around to ask if we wanted anything. I ended up going to the bar outside and was about to order when FINALLY the server came and asked if she could help. Whelp, another awkward moment between the server and us.   Later that night, she came around once more and said she was closing out and if she could close our table. We said "Yes". Let's just say that her overall service deserved a at most $1 tip just because I felt bad, but did give her a 10% tip because I'm not that mean.   Overall, the food, was OK, the drinks were OK (little watered down on mixed drinks) and the customer service AGAIN was horrible. I am not giving this place another try because 2 times is enough and with the same experience.. They really need to fire most of their servers and get servers that actually know how to treat people and provide at the least "Decent" customer service. NEVER AGAIN!  Oh, and the bands music is so loud that you couldn't even have a normal conversation without yelling. Tone the loud music down so that I can actually have a choice of sitting inside at a table than outside at the patio where all the smokers sit..
Finally located this place, as it is tucked out of the way. Kinda of an interesting look to it inside. as it try's for an Irish pub feel. Good selection of craft beers posted on a chalk board.I tried a burger and it was soggy and uninspired. Go for the drinks but don't eat.
I love this place. Delicious fish and chips, shepard's pie just like I had in Ireland and fantastic Guinness which is poured properly. I love this place do much I tat my bridal shower was held here. They were so fantastic about it and all my friends love the experience. They were so great about handling our large group.
I'm not really a big fan of getting food that has ingredients that aren't mentioned on the menu.  Not just my meal but my friends had food that wasn't exactly what we ordered.
Located in our neighborhood, we love coming here.  On Sunday it's 1/2 off Wine, so you know where I like to come when I have an open night on Sunday.  The owners of the joint must be from Washington because it's the home of the Seahawks and University of Washington....they feature their games during football season.  The food is decent.  Here's a few menu items I've had here:  Stone Cellar Cabernet, $7  Chicken Wings, $9.50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-skeptical-chymist-scottsdale?select=LnYVW2WUwt5sqzLrccgpbQ#LnYVW2WUwt5sqzLrccgpbQ  BBQ Jalapeo Burger, $10 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-skeptical-chymist-scottsdale?select=EUOgNKpgMKiZnWLDtqcOjw#EUOgNKpgMKiZnWLDtqcOjw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-skeptical-chymist-scottsdale?select=Dymlx9Yfkrkp4vAIF2HkjQ#Dymlx9Yfkrkp4vAIF2HkjQ  The Wings are pretty good.  The BBQ Jalapeno Burger though is amazing...yum!  Spicy and Sweet, a great combination!  I like the design/decor of the restaurant...it's an Irish Pub.  Irish Pub's make me want to eat and drink and be merry, ha!  Return Factor - 85%
This place is a fun Irish bar with a pretty cool name. It was pretty packed when I was there for happy hour. The appetizers I tried were pretty good, but nothing tasted out of this world. I really like the Pear Cider though. They really have a great selection of unique and Irish brews and the atmosphere really feels like an Irish Pub. It seems a bit out of place in Scottsdale, but I enjoyed being at a bar with a different theme other than the party scene of Old Town Scottsdale.
Went here twice. I agree with one of the other yelpers, that the service was inconsistent.  1st visit was on a Friday night. The place was packed, but the server was friendly and attentive. The decor was really nice. It was a little loud, but the place was good enough for a 2nd visit.  2nd visit was on a Saturday afternoon. The place was dead, maybe two tables occupied in the patio, yet we waited 20 minutes without any service. The server came in and out several times to help the other tables, but not once did she show us any acknowledgement, menus, water, nothing. I think the only time the server recognized our presence was when we were walking out. I hope she saw my dissatisfaction.
Open late, have a nice, rotating beer selection. The staff is friendly. Good place!
I've been coming to Skeptical Chymist for several years and I am almost always extremely happy with the experience.  My husband and I typically like to go when they're having their "Pub Quiz" trivia night each week and we have also visited during special holiday events (St Paddy's Day, etc;)..   Service is always friendly.. I have waited a little too long on busier nights, but I chalk that up to being in a crowded bar with people shouting out questions to the trivia caller.  It is a bit chaotic, but not uncomfortable and I've never had bad or rude service from the waitstaff or the bar.   The food is tasty!  There is a plentiful selection of plenty of typical bar food and they pull it off easily.. They also have a nice offering of Irish-inspired choices and what we've sampled have all been very good.  The prices are quite reasonable and there is a different drink special every night - sometimes beers, sometimes cocktails - so our bill is never "too high". The decor inside is really fantastic.  They've taken on the idea of a classic Dublin apothecary (with one side larger room that would be good for daytime lunch meetings styled as a library).. It is dark with plenty of tables and chairs and it is kept comfortably cool inside (but not freezing).  The patio is well lit and clean, so it's a nice place to wander during the nicer Arizona months. Overall, I greatly enjoy my visits to Skeptical Chymist.  It's more interesting than your average bar/pub and the food is definitely fresher than anything you'll find at the average chain.
I cannot believe they took the crab cakes off their menu.  I was tempted to leave, but the shepard's pie keeps me there.
This place was OK. I walked in on a Thursday night and it was just about empty.  The idea of it sounds better than the actual place.  The outside decor looks kind of neat with all the bottles.  Seated ourselves and eventually the bartender/acting waiter came over to take our orders.   They have a happy hour which is nice but it was for bottom shelf liquor... I want to spend money on a decent drink, not  a below-average drink that is usually already cheap to begin with.  ATTENTION PATRONS: $4 Drink is now $3 Drink!   I ordered the chicken tenders with what I think was their house Ranch. My boyfriend ordered fries and something else...  I didn't like any of the two entrees nor the appetizer from this place.  (Tasted stale and over breaded)   Definitely Skip this place if you are hungry and want some good food.
I've been going here for a good while now and can honestly say I haven't had a bad experience as far as the service or drinks were concerned, tuesday nights are always entertaining, but the weekend is obviously where it's at.  Food is great and the drinks are moderately priced, the selection is always top notch. The general layout and decor of the bar is amazing, though I tend to find myself at the bar for the most part.
Came here on the same night as trivia and sat outside.  We never got any service, so we left.
I got for Monday and friday lunch deals, food is good but the service is very very slow. It can take put to 25 to 30 min to get lunch meal
Great beer selection, multiple great food choices, and a true Irish pub atmosphere which has been hard to find here in Scottsdale.  Good music on weekends, trivia night during the week, definitely a fan.
This place was great - we were in town trying to find a place to watch the Mexico-Panama World Cup qualifier and stopped by this place after Four Peaks, which was overcrowded and playing baseball only. Even though they didn't have the game, we stayed anyway. They have open seating and it was lively, but not crowded, on Friday night ($5 Irish car bombs!). As soon as we sat down, our waiter came by and immediately took our drink orders while we looked over their menu. Very attentive the entire night. He made some great recommendations. I had a pear cider (which was life-changingly good) and the boyfriend stuck to Guiness. For dinner, we shared the pork tacos (were some of the best tacos my boyfriend's ever had, and he grew up in Mexico) and the bacon jalepeno flatbread (which were good, but not spectacular). For dessert, we ordered the bread pudding and it was perfectly rich without being overwhelming. The live music they had was this older gent playing mainly 90s hits on an acoustic guitar, and was a perfect addition to the atmosphere. It is a little pricier than we were expecting, but for Scottsdale and the quality, you can't get much better than this place. We will definitely be back next time we're in town!
Half-and-half is Half Guinness, Half Harp. The best pint in the world, especially if you don't have the room for one of each. :)  + Makes a great time kill while waiting for your tires to change at nearby discount tire. + awesome party spot for green day.  + great corned beef and cabbage. served with mashed potatoes and comes in either lunch (smaller) or dinner (heartier) portion sizes + beef wellington is *the* original hot pocket. was that tenderloin?! # sorry, but the wellington's beef was not the freshest + big-screen with projector prominently featured for great event viewing + excellent alternative to twin peaks across the lot + super-friendly staff, always helpful and accommodating  I"m really glad to renew my review after last time. One of my biggest pet peeves is if you can't cook a fried egg without burning it. note well: egg was not retested for this review.  # patio seating without noice cancellation phones and individual wireless mics makes conversation impossible against the roar of frontage road, 30 feet away
Skeptical Chymist has become one of the favorite spots for me and my circle of friends. Their selection of beer and other drinks is pretty solid, and the prices are fair. I've only ordered food once, and it was decent and reasonably priced.  I usually come on Friday or Saturday nights. They often have live music and only a small to moderate size crowd, which is great for providing atmosphere without the waits and the cluster. They have couches and a dartboard over in the corner which is what we usually do when we are there.  The decoration and theme is great. Dim lighting with a relaxing vibe. I've never been on a Sunday during football season, but apparently its a fun crowd and judging by the decor, if you're a Seahawks fan, a great place to watch the game in company of fellow fans.
~3.5  This place is near my office so a few coworkers have invited me out to drinks after work. The inside does not match the strip mall exterior where it is located. Lots of dark woods - very authentic pub deco. The two times I've been there I've had the pear cider, and once split one of their flatbreads, which was okay. Not a crisp crust that I would have liked, but the flavor was good. The service has been good, it doesn't really wow me but it's a nice place to hang out.
You have to come here on Monday nights...$5 burger night!   See Remy behind the bar
I've spent a bit of time at this bar.  Ended up here on nights that Four Peaks was too busy.   The few times I've eaten, I've shamed my Irish Ancestors with my lack of ability to enjoy the Traditional Irish Breakfast (I did taste the blood sausage, and tasted it again on the way up! Ugh! but I tried it! ) Nor the Shepards pie, which I am usually a HUGE fan of.   But this is a bar - so the food is meh.   The selection of beers and wines are awesome.  I don't drink a whole lot of spirits, but my husband always gets excited that "his wiskey" is there, and adoradable.   I like the ambiance a lot more when there ISN'T live music, because I can't hardly hear myself think when someone is performing.   The patio is fantastic for smokers, and the misters keep it nice and cool.
I've been wanting to check this place out for awhile now, and I decided to for lunch today. As soon as I walked it, I felt comfortable since it has that great, Irish pub feel, but more refined. I tried out the tasty Hasher Burger, and it was unbelievable. I can't even describe it, other than a classic burger taste. The sweet potato fries were crispy with some rosemary and sea salt. My boyfriend had fish and chips, and the portions were huge. Big hunks of cod fried to perfection. A great place that I'll be revisiting soon.
This place is pretty cool. I like that its a Seahawks pub! I tried the fish and chips and it was pretty tasty! Can't wait to try other stuff on the menu! Definitely coming back, gonna have to try and watch the game!
Went here for so SEAHAWK football last Sunday against the 49ers. So glad I did! This place was completely jam-packed w/Hawk fans - it was so much fun!  Service was impressive and TVs at every angle so that patrons wouldn't miss a single play.  Haven't tried any food but their Mirror Pond draft was tasty. I will be back for more!
Took twenty minutes to get a drink on a dead Thursday night at 6:50pm. Vodka with splash of soda was all soda and no vodka. Ordered the salmon sandwich with scalloped potatoes. Salmon was the saltiest fish I ever ate. Potatoes had zero seasoning. Will never come back.
I seriously can't believe this place has had any bad reviews!! I went with my husband and plenty of friends a few times and we've had nothing but a great time, great food and great service. Best place to watch a Seahawks game too!! Go hawks!!
I like this place for a casual meal.  They have sweet potato fries which is always a plus for me.  The service can be a bit slow at times so may not be the best place to go when you're in a hurry.  Sporting events are always on the big screen TV and there is a live band that plays on the weekends.  I wasn't sure what to expect the first time I went, but I have returned a few times so they must be doing something right.  As a girl from New Mexico, I highly recommend the Green Chile cheeseburger.  I wish they had gluten free buns, but I just order the burger without a bun and it's super yummy.
I love this place me and my mom go every other week for football and it is always packed with Seahawks fans and the severs are great they remember our orders and every thing I tell any seahawks fan about this place.  Go Hawks!!!
You wouldn't expect that  a place with such a name is an Irish restaurant. It's just fine. But it isn't anything that would make you're great great grandmother weep for her motherland.
I thought this place was pretty cool. The location is a bit weird but I don't think it takes away from it.   Anyway, I met a buddy here to do some work and grabbed a table and three drop down screens were on with different soccer games. It wasn't too packed at all but there was a lot going on and I liked it.   The bartender was nice because he didn't want to interfere too much with our work, he even said as much and of course we told him we appreciated it. I ordered the pretzels because I was starving and my buddy hadn't shown up yet. They were pretty good. Not the best pretzels I have ever had but the cheese sauce and mustard were yummy and it was perfect for what I needed before lunch.  For lunch I ordered the Skpetical Salad which was similar to a cobb salad. They poached their chicken which generally I don't like but with their dressing it was really good. The entire salad was big and delicious and I would definitely get it again. My co-worker called and asked that I bring him something so I got him the same salad and he loved it as well.  Buddy had the BBQ burger and was really happy with it as well.  I would definitely go there again just for the salad but it seems like it would be a cool place to chill after work for a couple of beers.
I went here for the lunch special and some beer. Both were good, but the bar service was lacking. Nicole C ?    was constantly leaving the bar area to run drinks out to the entire place!. It got worse when she disappeared for long stretches of time. There was nobody tending the bar for quite a few long periods of time. She was nowhere to be seen. I found that quite unusual and annoying.
The service was so slow. She didn't even come check on us despite waiting 30 min for our apps!
Best Irish bar/pub in north scottsdale or Scottsdale for that matter! Great happy hour specials, yummy food- chicken fingers! Awesome live music on the weekends starting around 9!!!!
The food was great, the service was attentive and our waitress was very helpful and knowledgable. We had questions about the menus and she had no qualms answering our questions. Husband had the BBQ jalapeo burger, said it had great flavor & perfect level of mild spice. I had the beef Wellington & it was awesome. The fries are fantastic shoestring style & crispy! We'll definitely be back! Our waitress even came back to offer refills after we had already paid the bill & were just visiting - major bonus points for that!
Let's start this off by saying my love of the Seattle Seahawks and the fact that this is the official bar of the Arizona Seahawkers Association may tint my view of the place.  That being said I have gone to Skeptical on occasions other than Seahawks games, which for the record are an insanely fun event here, and enjoyed it.  Skeptical is an irish bar but the food is far from your typical irish fare although they have some of the classics like a shepherd's pie that is stellar. My favorite things to get here is the muscles in broth appetizer. Think of this as a bowl of incredibly flavored soup with garlic, leek and red pepper and the added bonus of having a generous serving of muscles and topped with bits of thick bacon. If that doesn't have your mouth watering maybe the kicker of a side of garlic toast will put you over the top.  They also feature a great selection of beers including rotating beers in bottles and on tap. The mainstays such as Guinness, Harp and Kilkenny are always flowing.  There are only two reasons that I have subtracted a star. The first for me is that I am not a fan of the flatbreads, I have tried several and none every hit the spot. Friends have had them and enjoyed but this just doesn't do it for me. The other is a hit and miss issue that has happened only for Seahawks games where I have felt that the servers have been somewhat unavailable and slacking when it comes to checking back in. I understand for big events they have lots of tables and are busy but even with that factored in there are some who just don't seem to care. The only reason I even mention this is because there are some who I have seen work their butts off to keep every drink filled and people happy. When the tables around me see their servers 3-4 times before I see mine, it's an issue.  Check them out but don't dare walk in here wearing enemy colors on game day unless you are prepared to hear all about it from the great fans that show up.
Was able to get a table for the Seahhawks Vs Saints game. WE got a table on the patio. Even as busy as they were, the service was prompt and spot on! I only give it 3 stars because I didn't try the food, and there was only 1 very small TV on the patio.
We met friends there on Monday and discovered their fabulous burgers. Had my jalapeno burger with no bun and a salad. YUM! Husband had the bleu burger with fries, and thought his dinner was delicious. We shared an order with our friends of the cod sliders, OMG, outstanding! The owner himself delivered our meal and was so friendly.  I love mom & pop restaurants, and this is one I would definitely recommend.  Would definitely go back. Can't wait to try more of their menu.  Ambiance is fun and original.
We ended up getting sick after eating at this "restaurant". Only seems good as a bar. Service was on the slow side which you wouldn't expect for a Thursday.
Came by this nice, cornered bar after the Phoenix Open for some food and enjoyed the atmosphere. Ordered some wings, which were pretty tasty and quite fantastic! My friend and I noticed the live music flyer - will definitely be back to check it out along with tasting some other dishes! Maybe for St. Patty's Day :)
I came here on a whim from a suggestion from a friend. This spot is tucked away making it a little more intimate and dive bar feeling. The drinks are strong, there's not much of a crowd, which is a plus. If this spot was closer to home, I'd be found here more often. 3 stars though because they play some really crappy college radio tunes. Sort that out guys. Other than that, good spot.
I'm going to give Skeptical Chymist 2 stars to average out my recent 4 star visit and my 2 recent 2 star ones.   I really want to like Skeptical.  They have everything I like:  Their food is very good and well priced. They have excellent specials and a huge and thoughtful craft beer menu. Plus, it's just a cool, local one of a kind place.  What's the problem?  Hostility.  It's a coin toss as to how you'll be treated.  I've been there probably 10 times.  One time it's great, and next time you're treated like an unwelcome intruder.  Last night was the latter.    The waitress clearly did not want to be there.  She conveyed agitation from the first moment she approached our table.  She mumbled, slouched and shuffled.    We expressed an interest in the Red Hook Beers on special.  She gestured toward a poster on the wall, clearly intending that we get up, go read the poster and not trouble her by asking her to verbalize what Red Hook beers they have.    She left, we walked over to read the poster and ordered our selections.   "We're out of all Red Hook beers" she then informs us.    She impatiently demands our "plan B" beer selection.  My wife was reading the beer menu.  The waitress asks me what beer I want.   I said " I'm waiting my turn to see the list"   She let out a sigh of contempt and just walked away.  Monday is $5 Cheeseburgers, which is a fantastic deal.  My son ordered one. As I ordered mine, she barked over me as I spoke:  "I'll have to charge you for the water"  What?   "I'm going to charge you for water"    Why are you going to charge for a glass of water?   "Because you have to order a drink for that deal and he (gesturing toward my son) only has water."  What a very charming diplomat you are, miss.  He'll have a Coke, thank you so much for asking.  The food was good but again the waitress just had this impatient "I hate everyone" attitude the whole time.    Later we asked "Can we order more beer before happy hour ends?  She just says "Yes" and keeps walking.    We looked at the board, read the menu and carefully select which beers we wanted.   She shows up with 2 glasses of what we had ordered at first.    I said "What are these?"    "Your beers"    "We didn't order our second beers yet"  "These are what you ordered before"  "We didn't want those again, we wanted something different"  "Oh" ...and left them anyway, sighed (again) and walked away.   End of discussion.  No "sorry" No "What did you want?"  No anything,  just "Oh" as in "I will put that on my list of things about which I do not care"  Interestingly, she disappeared 3/4 of the way though the service and someone else took over.  Expect good food, and a theoretically good beer selection but do not expect good service because this is not the first time the level-of-service-coin toss landed tails up..
After many more trips, they've won we move. They take reservations which is great for post work cocktails.  And I've fallen in love with their pork sliders and garlic french fries. There is green sauce that comes with the fries which I wish I could bottle. Mmmmm!   Wait staff hustles and always keeps your drinks full.
Love this place.  Ok don't let the exterior fool you. Yes it is a strip center. Yes you are in North Scottsdale. But for a pint of Guinness happiness...seriously get out of your car.  So this place is cozy and relaxed. Great for lunch or to relax after hours.  If you get a burger, be hungry or share.  That is all I'm gonna say.  And the fries...awesome.  They are crispy shoe strings of goodness to please your taste buds. The ruben is pretty good and sloppy. Will say, what the fish sliders.  The tarter sauce is...different?  Get close to the bar and check out the rotating seasonal beers if you are deviating from Guinness. (but really who does that in an Irish Pub?)  There are plenty of great whiskeys to taste.  Basically, this is your great hang out pub to enjoy and not got to the run of the mill.  Great mix of beverages to please one and all.  Enjoy!
Went here the day after St. Patty's. Place was empty but the table we sat at still hadn't been wiped down. Still hadn't been wiped down by the time we left. Food was OK. I had a nice Black and Tan to start the meal and ordered the fish and chips. Received a huge portion of nicely fried Cod and shoe string fries. I personally like wedges or crinkle cut  round chips but it's not a big deal. They do have huge burgers and my friend couldn't finish his Cheese Burger. Neither had room for dessert. Typical pub. Nothing to rave about. Maybe they were just recovering from the day befores party. I'll give them another try the next time I'm in Scottsdale to see if I have a better experience.
Good curry fries
i always forget how amazing the craft beer selection is here until i walk in again.  god i love this bar!
We went here based on a friend's recommendation.  As she said it was hard to find.  Love the over all decor, feels like you are in an old pub.  The live music was also nice.  We ordered fish and chips and steak sandwich.  They would have been so much better if they were seasoned.  A little salt and pepper goes a long way.  Good liquor selection.  Will come back.
Great place to eat with a laid back atmosphere. The food is fantastic and prepared perfectly. They also have a great selection of beer. But definitely recommend.
This is our home away from home!  The service is always very friendly, the food is great, and the prices are always reasonable.  They have a fantastic happy hour and a great selection of beer.  The corned beef and cabbage is so good!  Really all of their food is great.  Good bar to go watch sports or to hear some good live music later on the weekends.
Good selection of beers. Seasonals were well picked. Waiter was very knowledgeable about beers too and made excellent recommendations.  Aussie Jim was playing guitar and singing which made the night. Very fun! I'll be back.
I have heard about this place for years and in fact my son raves about the fish dinner he gets from here. I finally went when a friend dragged me for trivia night. So glad she did because this place is quite good. The atmosphere is eclectic and very comfortable. You feel like they want your business which as a customer I certainly appreciate. my drink was refilled over 4 times and I never asked. The food was delicious. We all got something different and each of us said it was great. We also tried a desert to share and it was enormous and definitely was good for 3 or 4 people. We weren't able to finish it. I highly recommend this charming place and I plan to return and try some of the dishes I read about in the reviews. I played it safe with a green  chili burger but it was spectacular. Very unique.  My friend had the appetizer tacos which she said were spicy and delicious. The other people both had specialty burgers. Loved this place-will return.
Okay service.  Decent food.  Great atmosphere.  Felt like I was in Europe for a minute.
We were looking for someplace to watch the Sounders game and figured this was our best bet, but unfortunately, they weren't able to show it. Despite that, we stayed and had a great time. Food was awesome...shepherd's pie A+, corned beef and cabbage A+, chicken curry A+, fish and chips A+ (and, since we are from Seattle, we are seafood critics and this was DELISH). But the best of all had to be the candied bacon on the cheese board. FANTASTIC! We are going to try to replicate at home, and I'm looking forward to the challenge. Great service (our server's 2nd day!) and best of all, best place to see the Seahawks and Huskies!
My wife and I decided to drive the 19 miles from home to Skeptical Chymist to see our good friend perform on a Thursday night. We have been here a few times before and love the atmosphere, food and beer selections.  We arrived at exactly 7:00pm and I had to use the men's room so my wife found a table. After the few minutes it took me to clean up and found her standing at the table she wanted covered in the mess from the previous guests. There were several other empty tables in the restaurant but my wife like this vantage point of the stage. I sat down and waited a while as we watched servers making their rounds and one even walked by and gave us a courteous smile but kept on walking. We agreed that he must not be our server. I walked up to the bar to read the beer selection chalkboard and returned to the table. Still no server. It is now nearly 7:10. My wife flagged down a mid to late 20 year old male with a tightly pulled back, short pony tail.  My wife asked if he knew who our server was. He just replied with "Why did you need something?" My wife said, "Yes, we need our table cleaned and want to place our order." He proceeded to walk away without a response. We sat for another entire song of Jay's set and my wife finally decided to go to the bar to order us a round. As she was approaching the bar, the server came to the table and asked if she was going to the bathroom as he watched her standing at the bar. I told him she was ordering our drinks. He said, "Nice" and finished wiping down the table. Yes, he was only wiping down the table 15 minutes after we arrived and was upset because we decided to get our own drinks at the bar.  We had nearly finished our first drinks and he had not returned to the table with a menu or to see how things were. I finally had to go find a table that had a menu on it. We made our choices and still waited. It is now nearly 7:30 and he is wiping down a table near us so I got up and confronted him in a heated tone as I told him how unacceptable his service has been. I tried to turn it on us that we went to the bar and it was "confusing" to him. He was obviously being facetious and I called him on it. He asked me what I wanted him to do. I told him to tell one of the other servers to come take our order.  He came by our table a few minutes later and made no attempt to recover the situation and only continued to tell us how "confusing" it is when a customer goes to the bar to get their drink rather than wait for him. I was so angry that I told my wife I wanted to leave. This was disappointing because we had come to see Jay play and enjoy dinner.  We went outside and calmed down. Rather than go find another place to eat and miss out on Jay's performance we decided to go back in and find a seat at the bar. We ended up staying until 9:00 and happily gave our dinner and drinks tip to the bartender.  I really don't think this young man has any business being in the service industry. Unfortunately, I believe he has been at Skeptical Chymist for quite a while so I would have to put this behavior back on management.
Bobby is such a stud, sweet sexy man, and always greets me with a smile. His hair is always up to par with Paul Mitchell's standards. The craic is always mighty, and sometimes whale world is on the box!!!
We heard so much about this place and I must say, I was impressed.  We went for lunch at 1:00 and for some bizarre reason, we were the only people in the restaurant.  Another couple came in as we were leaving.  We thought it would be a red flag, but the food was quite good.  I had the steak sandwich while she has the ciabatta chicken sandwich.  Both were delish.  We will definitely be back.  One critique - it is a bit dark and dirty look - like an old school Irish pub.  The bathroom had some holes in the walls and was clearly a place where surreptitious clowns hang out.  It just doesn't seem to jive with the rest of what's in Scottsdale.  Oh well.
Everyone, please be advised - Happy Hour ends promptly at 6:00 PM. If you show up at 6:04 sit at the bar, and ask if it's still happy hour, the nasty bartender bitch will respond with a sarcastic "no" and then walk away like she's too good to serve you. Not only that, but when you inquire about the different beers they offer and how they categorize them on their elementary chalkboard, she will laugh at you like you're some kind of amateur who's never been outside of the four walls of your house. Menu is generic, nothing that differentiates it as a true Irish Pub. I was disgusted by the bartender's snotty attitude and we left without spending a dime. I'll never go back.
$5 any burger with a side on Mondays!  That's worth the trip but this place has lost some of its Irish charm and seems grungier.  It is a good place to catch live music & a variety of beers.   For big sporting events be sure to show up early or else you'll be stuck with standing room.  Also plan on walking a little for parking.
Charcuterie platter was good, short on the crostini's and when asked for a few more, the cost was more than a whole loaf of bread.  The Chevre goat cheese with mango chutney was delicious.  Fish and chips was good.  Steak sandwich on ciabatta was good. Light on the steak.   Waitress was nice when she came around.
Great place to enjoys some pints and catch a game. A lot of floor space and a menu worth checking out. I little on the high side of cost for pub food, but such is expected in Scottsdale.
Hadn't been here for a few years so decided to check it out for happy hour. Beer selection is great. I had three excellent choices and barely got started on the list. I was impressed that Deschutes Brewery is well entrenched since it is in Oregon, not Ireland. Happy hour pour of Guinness was nice. For $4 I got about $10 worth of the beer as you pay in Ireland. The date and pepper flatbread was good. The mussels were good enough. The pretzels were not that great.   Dessert was great.  Service was excellent.   Our server was attentive and helpful.  Unfortunately the table felt sticky and my wife found after she got up from her chair that there was something on it that stained her white pants. There is obviously an issue with the cleaning crew. The difference between three and four stars is in the concerns I have about cleanliness of the dining area.
Fun place but not the best staff! Not very efficient or friendly!
Great atmosphere with kind of an apothecary look. Good service. Quite a few craft beers on tap.
When this place first open I was thrilled--great food, fun atmosphere and great live music. Something has changed and it's not for the better. Went there today for lunch and the crowd was not what it used to be. I ordered my fave fish and chips and they were not good at all. The batter was not completely cooked and the cole slaw was old. I paid $11 for fries, as they were the only decent thing on the plate.  Sad when a food fave goes bad. Not sure if they changed owners or if they just gave up. The items on the shelves are all dusty and knocked over and now looks more like the haunted house at Disneyland! Geez.
Molly Brannigans is a huge addition to the Val Vista/Baseline block.  I've been for happy hour a few times and as a main bar to hang out at night once or twice.  No, Mesa/Gilbert is not my typical hangout which is why this place doesnt get 5 stars...its not by my house and the clientele is decent but not super-great.    The outside patio is great when its not firey-hot out and the inside has a great Irish-pub atmosphere without the smoke and grime.    Good, classic Irish comfort food paired with good, classic Irish comfort booze.  Happy Hour prices are decent but they do end early so plan accordingly.  I've never sat anywhere but the bar, but have always had good service from cute bartenders.  Cant argue with that.    Cheers.
A pretty acceptable Irish Pub for an area lacking in them.  Great selection of beers on tap.  Smithwics, Bass, Harp, Stella, Newcastle, and of course   Guinness.   They've got some pretty good Irish cuisine.  Shepherd's Pie.  Boxty's.  The standard fish n' chips (although the taste is far better then standard).  I've been told the Bangers and Mash is lackluster which is disappointing.  For your classic (i.e., boring) appetite, they have burgers, sandwiches (though the Patty Melt was poor and the Reuben was mediocre), soups, and salads.    Wish the happy hour lasted until 7 as showing up at 6 and missing out on the deals was a little frustrating.    Service was alright.  Not exceptional as the beers took awhile to make it from bar to table.  However, the service isn't going to keep me from going back.  Definitely a great place to go after work for some drinks, for dinner, or for a nighttime gathering.  Highly recommended for the beer selection and from what I understand (didn't experience it) a good happy hour.
This was such a great idea for this area but it is too small for what could have been. The Guinness is poured spot on and the food is ok. The inside bar/restaurant itself is a beauty but why such a small area for outside tables? I heard a rumor that this place is closing and that's a shame if it's true. There is plenty of parking, especially for the police if you know what I mean. The waitstaff and bartenders when they first opened were phenomenal but quickly most of the great ones left. Went there one St. Patty's day and it was too small. We had one Guinness and left for another locale.
This pub/restaurant is a nice addition to the area. It's located in the newer Dana Park outdoor mall which is kind of an upscale, trendy shopping area.   The bar itself was pretty nice and the bartenders were attentive. The food was surprisingly good considering it's a chain. It didn't look or feel like a chain which was a definite plus. I had a salad and nachos which I thought were both pretty tasty. The drink prices are a little high but they do have Guinness on draft. I suppose since it's in that nicer shopping area, you pay the "nicer" prices.   All in all, it's a good find for the area. Afterall, east Mesa is not the hippest of places so a good local pub is a nice find. I probably wouldn't travel from across the valley just for a nice cold Guiness here but I've had a few fun nights with friends. Also have met some pretty interesting folks sitting at the bar, to which we drank together and shared stories. That's usually a sign of a good night.
One word: fondue. It still rocks here. Plenty of cheesy goodness, with slices of apples (two kinds) and two, warm pretzel bread twists. I love it.  What I do not love is the service. Spotty, at best. I had to flag our server down to ask for water after I had nursed empty my one-drink maximum. She seemed to check on us once every 1/2 hour, at best. That's why I can't rate this place any higher. She seemed to be annoyed at us, too. Or maybe she was just having a bad day. Whatever the case, I was tempted to ask for another server.   Molly's has your standard Irish beer choices, as well as a hearty menu to mull over. But even with all that, my one big draw here is, yes - you better believe it -  the fondue plate.
What to say? It's easy to find, right off the 60 on the West side of Val Vista. There's plenty of parking. The restaurant/pub is huge - plenty of dining tables if you're looking for grub. I went during HH. I was looking for beer. My friend and I walked past the bar to grab a pub table - close to the restrooms and where they set up the band on Fridays.   We ordered our drinks quickly and then scanned the menu for anything that might strike our fancy. There was plenty to choose from, and it all sounded great. What to nibble on? We went with the fondue appetizer - you can't go wrong with a freshly baked pretzel, sliced apple (two different kinds) and gooey cheese greatness. It hit the spot, along with our brews.   The bar seemed a bit sparse for the hour of the day. It didn't really pick up that much either, not even as the band began to play at 9:30. The band was a mix of Irish and Blues. I say that because they opened with upbeat, fun Irish tunes and segued into some Blues. I think I preferred the Blues renditions. The band was nothing to look at, of course - middle aged men with thinning hair. But they worked as background music.   Molly's is a fun place. It doesn't have that cozy, quaint feeling of being in a hard-to-find, you're-a-special-patron establishment. Instead, it feels like the TGIFriday's of Irish restaurants. Don't get me wrong - the decor is nice... hardwood floors, interesting things on the wall, a restaurant slogan that makes ya chuckle. I just much prefer a swankier place.   So, why 4 stars? Probably was the company, the conversation we had in a place that was relaxed, friendly and serving us both some damn fine beer. (Guinness anyone?) Plus, our nibbling plate of caloric wonderfulness was a treat. Who knew fondue at an Irish bar was going to be any good? I certainly didn't. Oh, and the music was fun. I suggest checking out their website to see which bands are playing, for they seem to invite a large mix of musicians - Something for everyone, I guess.   So, if you're looking for an easy, simple and middle-of-the-road Irish pub experience, Molly's is your place.        Disclaimer: Review based on one experience.
Good food.  Reasonable service.  Excellent backroom for having events.  The management has been fantastic in helping set up events from soccer viewing parties to local user group meetings.  Definitely a fun place to drink and be with friends.    The live music and patio setups are wonderful as well.
Nice selection on tap and nice atmosphere.  Unfortunately the food doesn't quite get to the 4 or 5 star mark.  I was excited to see the traditional Haddock used for fish and chips, especially when I ordered the large portion to share with my wife.  When the plate arrived with a pound of Haddock in two long slabs hanging over the plate (That's what I'm talkin' about!) I was thrilled.  Then a mild case of disappointment set in:  the fish was slightly overdone and tasted a little fishy.  I also did not like that the chips had a coating.    Oh well.  We are a long way from the Atlantic aren't we.
Went there today to have my favourite beer and maybe some fish and chips - the place is closed with a chain and padlock round the door handles - closed for good I understand!
CLOSED!  They have moved to San Tan Village. Talk about lame.
Sad to see they've moved.  Good pints of Guinness, great Irish pub feel with the structures inside (cute little snugs), and food wasn't bad either.  Prices were reasonable, and sad to see this place no longer here.  I feel bad for people who live this far east in the valley as it is, and now they've lost an Irish pub.  So sad.
Auld Dubliner Irish Pub  Picture this a Italian  village complete lakes, and waterfalls. This oasis in the middle of Nevada desert is a nice respit from the Chaotic Vegas strip.   First this you will notice is the open air styling from the bar to outside patio  Second thing you will notice is the amount of wood in this place!  Hee hee "amount of wood" :O)  Third thing is selection of Single Malt Irish Whiskey, and bar taps..... hmmm whisky!   Fare: The food is okay.  I had the "Boxty" if you have not had a "Boxty" it is great! This potato is flat and usually has a bunch of veggies, and some meats stuffed in this great fluffy, tasty cake...   Price: Reasonable
Try the curry chips.  They are the best I've had & try them at every Irish Pub I go to.  The beer is tasty & if it's not too hot outside, the patio is great.
Pretty typical Irish pub with a nice little outdoor seating area and there was a good live band on Friday night. Overall, there arent too many options when at Lake Las Vegas, and this place seemed to be the busiest place down there. The whole Montelago village is a nice area to wander around in, and If I'm down there again, I'll stop back in.  Ok, I'll be honest...I cant remember this place very well...too much whiskey...but I think what I wrote is accurate. And obviously I had a good time.
Good prices, nice outdoor seating, friendly staff. What more can you ask for in a pub?   It's a lot less commercialized than Fado's, and the live music doesn't suck nearly as much. It's a welcome change for Sean and I to have a place where we can go and just have a pint when we're in the area.
My wife and I have been to Lake Las Vegas several times. It is a nice area to get away from the crowds on the Strip and enjoy the beautiful village by the lake. Auld Dubliner is located right in the heart of the village next to the casino.   We eaten here several times for lunch, but they have the same menu for lunch and dinner.   We have tried the Corned Beef and Cabbage - some of the best we have ever had. Very tender beef with little fat and no gristle. A very good cream sauce is poured over it. $15   Shepard's Pie - was very good and a good sized portion. However, I think "McMullans" Shepard's Pie is a little better. $14   Fish Sandwich - Very good. The fish portion isn't as big as others I've had, but the flavor is wonderful and the side salad the comes with it is great. Not iceberg lettuce, but the spring mix greens with homemade dressing. $11   Irish Quesadilla - weird but good. Has Irish bacon and cheese in the flour tortilla $10   The prices are moderate and the location is beautiful. The only complaints for me is that they don't open until Noon. We usually eat lunch earlier and so we've had to wait a little while for them to open. The other complaint is that they are CLOSED ON TUESDAYS. The last time we went to Lake Las Vegas was, of course, on a Tuesday, and so we had to eat elsewhere. Other than that I would recommend them highly.
To get away from the hustle and bustle of the busy city, whenever we go to Las Vegas, we stay at the Viera at the Lake Las Vegas Village more often than not.  The village where the pub is located is very quaint and has some great shops and restaurants. It's also right next to the Montelago Casino which makes it a convenient place to eat after some gambling.  Our room overlooks the village and we always hear the sounds of a live band travelling up to our room from Auld Dubliner so this time, we decided to give it a try since it was a nice night out.  The place was pretty open for a pub actually.  The bar was relatively busy but the indoor and outdoor seating areas were roomy for the most part.  We sat indoors but if you choose to sit outside, it's really cool, especially when the weather is nice, you can see  with the string of lights hanging above the village and can feel the breezy air coming from the lake just a few steps away from the pub.    One of my favorite things about the restaurant is the live band they had performing there.  It was a Saturday night and "JV Allstars" were performing. I think they're a local band, I'm not sure.... but they were very very good and added to the atmosphere there. The singer/guitarist and his drummer were able to play many songs by request.   For food, we ordered the Irish Sausage Roll as the appetizer. I ordered the Rasher & Cheese Boxty and the boyfriend ordered the Shepherd's Pie.  The Sausage Roll was very good.  The sausage is chopped up and rolled in a pastry dough that comes out really flaky. It was gooood.  I've never had a "Boxty" before so I didn't know what to expect but it turned out to be very tasty.  It's like a potato cake/pancake that's crispy and had ham and cheese melted on top. They have other types of boxtys on their menu.  Tried a little bit of the Shepherd's Pie. There's mashed potatoes on top and what seemed to be a beef/vegetable stew on the bottom. I believe it was baked.    For dessert, we had their Irish whiskey creme brulee, which was good but had too much whiskey in it for my taste. A little bit less would have been delicious but I mostly tasted the whiskey. Perfect for anyone who loves whiskey though!  We enjoyed the food there and will come back to taste the rest of the menu!  I would have sat there eating/drinking all night if I could =)
PET-FRIENDLY!  I loved this place already because they allow pets on leashes on the outdoor patio.  All of Montelago Village is very pet friendly - it is a fun place to walk your dog and enjoy the Lake Las Vegas views.  The food at Auld Dubliner happens to be pretty darn good as well.  The Irish Quesadilla had very good fresh salsa on the side.  The seared tuna salad had a lot of flavor and the fish was very fresh.  Nice selections of imported beers on draft too.  Don't forget the $5 Irish Car Bombs during Happy Hour!
The Auld Dubliner is a quaint little pub at the beautiful Montelago Village.  The food and drinks are very comparable to Fado's in Henderson.  I'm not sure how well its going to fair with the closing of the casinos but I sure hope they find a place in the city if they can't make it out there being the Pub is awesome!!!
What a fun place this is!  Great food and rocking and fun bands on the weekend!   I was staying @ the Viera condos in Montelago Village at  Lake Las Vegas and it was an easy crawl back to the hotel/condo.   Lake Las Vegas/Montelago Village is a great relaxing place as well.  Close to the strip for dinner and show and then back to the quiet and tranqility of the european themed village.   Go check out Lake Las Vegas!  There is  a great buzz going on out there..  Great food and great views!
Whitney is a great server and one of the very rare smiles in the Dubliner.  Having a bar serving Spaten Optimator so close to home is dangerous.  I was never a fan of Irish food. I lived in downtown HB most of my life and in the 90s there was a surge of Irish bars opening up there, which were never really known for their food.  Well, my opinion has changed. The Auld Dubliner has the best hamburgers in Vegas. Oh wait hamburgers aren't Irish...  Well Auld Dubliner has a little of everything on their menu, from Shepherds Pie, potato leek soup (yum) to fresh corn beef and seared Ahi tuna salad.  Of course the Potato Leek soup and the blue cheese burger is my favorite. And make sure you order it with french fries, which comes seasoned with curry.  On the weekends the Auld Dubliner has some great local bands and there is always a crowd in there dancing.  It the Spring or Summer the patio has some great atmosphere for lunch or dinner.
Awesome French fries, the fish part of the fish and chips was pretty good too. Great service - we had like the best waiter ever.  Only wish they opened even earlier in the day.  I give them five stars mainly because you could do far, far worse in a setting like this; but, they are good enough to warrant four stars in most any settingf.
Late night drinks with Joe! He knows how to make a bloody beer he won our heart! They had a live band too pretty fun.  We took the shuttle from Lowes as it was so not hoppin there but we went to relax but wanted to check out the village.  Our driver said we should have stayed at Lowes unless we just wanted to get food at the village boy am I glad I didn't listen! We had a great time.  Drinks were a little pricey but I guess since it's either there or the resort it wasn't so bad.  I will visit again when I go to Lowes.
We used the Groupon for this establishment tonight.  The food was fantastic!  My 3 year old had the apples, cheese, and potato crapes.  She was less thrilled with her meal, but had a good time none the less.  I was pleasantly surprised that this bar type place did have kids cups.  A bit pricy for the kids food, but I don't think we would have brought her if we didn't have the groupon.  Lake Las Vegas is clearly a sad place adversely effected by the economy.  The parking situation sort of sucked, but now that we know the casino is closed, we would park on the far side of the Village in the dirt rather than the garage.  The live jazz down the way afterwards was nice:Saturdays between 7pm-11pm.    I would have given this place 4 stars if it wasn't so far away with the hassle.  I hope that when they lease is up, they find a place in a better part of Henderson.
We got a groupon for Auld Dubliner because we mistakenly thought it was a restaurant we had seen near us and wanted to try it.  It's very difficult to find and took us an hour of driving around the area to get to it.  The Casinos and resorts around it have died off and we weren't sure how to get to it once we did find it and we ended up hiking with our 4 kids in 120 degree heat. On the up side,  we did find a place it would have been better to park at.  Once inside, it was clear that although *some* Auld Dubliners are family friendly, this one was more of a bar and less of a restaurant. There were no real tables that could accomodate a family of 6.  We had to sit with two rickety bar tables scooted together that were different heights. The chairs were also unstable. The waitress was nice, but you could tell she wondered why we had brought our kids to a place like this.  The menu on line was 20% less expensive than the actual menu and this was in the daytime hours.  We had wanted to order authentic corned beef and cabbage.  What we got was a whole cabbage cut in half, with very little corned beef and some kind if cream poured over it....All this for $1495.  In all, not a great experience.  Maybe it's better at night for couples.
I was surprised by the small size of this pub, but additional seating is available on the patio.  Even though there was a concert scheduled for later in the evening, there was very little pedestrian traffic on the street this evening.  We each ordered fish and chips; the former was heavily battered and the latter was from the freezer case. There many places to find better fish & chips.
Hidden away among the slowly decaying businesses of Lake Las Vegas and far, far away from any parking, the Auld Dubliner is still one of the best Irish pubs in town.  Pretty much because the bar understands that a pub should be low key and classic.  In Ireland, a pub is just a run of the mill watering hole.  But by the time they migrate over to the states, many of them become extravagant or showy places in an attempt to seem more European.    Not the Auld Dubliner.  The place is classic.  While the establishment is fairly new, it feels like a place where the wood on the bar has been worn down from a hundred years of spilled beer.  The bar's selection of Irish whiskeys is solid.  Not the widest selection in town, but a long enough collection that it will take you awhile to drink through the menu.  On top of that, the place has a superb beer selection.  One of my favorite Irish beers (Kilkenny) is almost impossible to find in the western U.S. and they have it on tap.  If for no other reason, the bar is praiseworthy for its well chosen stock of spirits and beer.     But they also serve up a solid pub menu.  When we went, we had deep fried chips with curry (yum) and a couple of solid cheese burgers topped with Irish cheddar cheese.  The night we were there they had a solo guitar act playing and he did a pretty solid job with a library of Irish rock and soul ballads.  I hope that Lake Las Vegas figures out how to survive because the Auld Dubliner is a fine place to bring a group for drinks.
I was really excited to go to this place before doing a little Ice Skating on the lake.  There was a group of seven of us and my buddy Keith and I found out they had happy hour specials during games on Thursday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.  We went on a Thursday and right away the waiter/bartender told us 4 different specials and didn't mention food specials.  He got our drinks and I made a point to ask him if there were any food specials for happy hour.  He told me no and I was immediately confused/disappointed/mad because what he was saying didn't match up with the current Las Vegas Weekly add we found.  I got up to go to the bathroom and what do I see?  The same add posted right above the urinal with food specials and all.  I checked my phone to make sure it was Thursday and went to the bar to see that a game was on.  I don't know what this guy's deal was but that just soured the experience.  By this time we had already ordered food and drinks when I would have rather had the happy hour specials that he decided to withhold from us.  I finally looked at him and told him I wanted the bucket of beer special that was on the happy hour sign right over there.  He looked like he had been caught or something.  The food was okay but a bit pricey.  I mean, look around guys, Lake Las Vegas is dead (which is very sad).  Charge a little bit less.  Fish and chips were soggy, I could get a better burger at 'In N Out'. Their Blackened Chicken Sandwich was a bit too blackened.  The only good thing about this place were the fries.
I'm not sure what the draw here is. I would certainly never go out of my way to come here. However, if you happen to already be at Lake Las Vegas for another reason, it's a decent place to stop for a drink and a bite to eat.  It's your standard Irish pub. Nothing new, different, or noteworthy.   The food is decent, but nothing great. Pretty standard Irish pub fare.  In the warmer months, the patio, which wraps around the front is very nice. They have misters in the summer and heaters in the winter. I also like that they allow dogs on the patio, which is a huge plus for us as we rarely are at Lake Las Vegas without our dog in tow.  During the different festivals and whatnot that happen at Lake Las Vegas (such as the beer fest), they usually have a booth out in front that serves food and beer. The hot dogs they usually serve are excellent! I wish they were on the menu.
I was very impressed with this little gem in Lake Las Vegas! Great decor, great beer selection, very good appetizer foods (check out the Curry Chips, and spicy potatoes). We didn't eat from the full menu so I can't comment, but for what we did try, I imagine the other menu items are excellent. I really enjoyed the quaint, relaxed, friendly atmosphere!   I really wish we could transport this place into the city, it's really unfortunate that LLV is not bringing in the clientele to provide this venue with a good supply of customers.   Definitely hit up this pub when you are in Lake Las Vegas. It was the most fun we had on our visit!
This place is way out of Las Vegas. It is in Henderson. Apparently Henderson is bigger than I thought. Located on Lake Las Vegas. About 1/3 of the businesses are closed including the Casino. I asked Joe the bartender about the casino and when it closed. He was dodging my questions saying it is reopening under new management. He was not very polite. I ordered the Sheppard's Pie which was bad. He asked me if I ever tried Sheppard's Pie before and I must not like lamb. I told him I lived in England for a year and have tried Sheppard's Pie hundreds of times and I do like lamb. I ended up getting the French dip sandwich which was OK. The Sausage Rolls were OK. The decor is nice.
One of the only reasonably priced restaurants in Lake Las Vegas! Great food and drinks! Live music during the weekend!  I ordered the potato tacos (technically an appetizer, but large enough for a dinner) and it was DELICIOUS! The coleslaw and potato soup also got rave reviews from my table.  Fun atmosphere but the service was a bit slow (I only saw one waitress on duty while we were there).
Service at best was ok, food did not do enough to over come poor service. Seemed to be a "new priced menu" for an event going on. I would go back, but things need to tighten up.
For a short period in 2009 I lived in Long Beach, CA and there was an Auld Dubliner around the corner from work and we went there quite a bit since they served Magner's Cider and our Irish co-worker was a big fan. When the Auld Dubliner came up on Groupon last year I was pleasantly surprised to find out they have a location here in Vegas (of course Lake Las Vegas is barely Vegas but I digress). My girlfriend and I used the Groupon as a reason to finally head out to Monte Lago Village and see what it was like. We found the Auld Dubliner to be a smaller version of the LB one we came to know and love. All of the tables are seat yourself and the service is decent. I think they under staff to help offset the fact that the business levels are never where they need them to be. The decor seems authentic and they have a couple of dart boards along with a number of board games like Jenga and Connect Four so when you are sitting in the bar you can come up with some fun "drinking games" to play amongst yourself.   As for the food we had the Curry Fries and a Ruben and found them both to be enjoyable. The fries were something unique but the Reuben was nothing out of the ordinary. On the night we were there they had a guy playing acoustic guitar and signing so we were able to eat, sit on the patio and enjoy the music and a few Black Velvets (Magners & Guiness). All in all the Auld Dubliner is a good time but it is just too bad that it takes a major commitment to drive out there from the west side of Vegas. If I was in the area (Lake Las Vegas) I would definitely check it out again but I would not drive out of my way to go there.
I'm definitely a fan...it's a nice little irish place in the village...and I know it's a chain, but this one feels different because it's so much smaller than the ones elsewhere.  kick back, play some darts...listen to some Irish tunes...have a few beers...it just doesn't get much better than that!  Oh, and the food is okay, nothing too memorable, but it doesn't detract from the experience...try the banger corn dog or the wings
I was at Lake Las Vegas last night with my wife and we looked around at the other restaurants but nothing struck our fancy so we decided to give Auld Dubliner another chance.  We walked in and were told it was seat yourself.  We sat down and waited, and waited, and waited.  We were there for 10-15 minutes and no one even spoke to us.  The best part was that two different waiters were serving two different tables on either side of us.  They definitely saw us, saw we had no menus or drinks, and still did nothing.  I was willing to give this place another chance because the food was good the first time and just the service was bad.  I guess the bad service is their standard and I will never go back here again.
I was not impressed! Long wait to sit when no one else was waiting followed by a long wait for our drinks when it was slow. Great beer selection but plan on spending a lot of time there.
Great food, excellent beer. Fish and chips of course.
We had the same experience as one of the other reviewers.  Walked in, sat down and was ignored by the waitstaff.  Waited about 10-15 minutes before finally leaving.  There are better Irish restaurants in Las Vegas.
Indeed, this is an Irish Pub found lakeside along the streets of the Italian village of Lake Las Vegas.  Then again, one can find an Irish pub just about anywhere in the world, you just gotta look!  We noticed it right away as we made our way down the lake during the past Saturday.  The free opera on the lake had us more intrigued, but the live music had us make a return after the opera performance.  This place was popping, mostly because a wedding party was celebrating their after party there.    The band playing was giving up some pretty cool tunes, and we soon found out why.  They were were Acoustic Soul, "...the first, fully live, by-request acoustic rock band in Vegas" as noted on their myspace page.  And they were pretty good.  The BF and I got a drink at the bar ($5.50 for a pint) and settled in to listen to them play various songs from Johnny Cash to Britney Spears to John Mayer to Eric Clapton.  They were good and everyone was loving them.  We can't say too much about The Auld Dubliner except that they offer outdoor seating, which can be great on certain nights.  And they do serve up Magners Cider for us non-beer drinkers.  You can also find food here for lunch and dinner.  Nonetheless, I think the BF and I will be returning on Saturday nights to catch Acoustic Soul performing.  (They apparently have live bands every Friday and Saturday night, maybe even Sunday too.)  Update (07/20/09) - They have happy hour daily from 3 pm to 7 pm.  All their draft beers are $5, no discount on food though.  Bummer.
Hands down the best fish tacos I've ever eaten! That is the fresh ahi tuna ones, and not the deep fried. I don't see it on their website today. Please don't tell me they took it off the menu! I know it is not your usual Irish fare, but who cares if it tastes that good! Also try the curry chips. These are not chips (fries) with a little flavorless curry powder sprinkled on top. It has the curry sauce on the side, for your dowsing pleasure. I could eat it by the spoonful.  I took away one star cause I have to drive so far to get my fix. Really worth the drive out there though.
Come not expecting gourmet food and you will be completely satisfied with their comfort food.  My family (hubby & 2 kids--6, 8 yo) and friends had a wonderful dinner while enjoying live entertainment on a Friday evening. We sat in the "game room" with the adults on one table and kids on another.  There were plenty of games to keep the kids entertained.  They especially loved the dart game.  Our server was very attentive and did not lack the service as others have noted in other reviews. Our pub food was very good. We enjoyed the Reuben sandwich, Guiness meatloaf, hamburger --forgot the name, and chicken tenders. All entrees were satisfactory. Served hot as expected!!! We avoided the fish and chip since it didn't have good reviews from other yelpers.  Come with the right expectation and you won't be disappointmented.  I highly recommend the Auld Dubliner if you are staying at the nearby hotels...as it is an excellent choice for dining but don't drive out of your way.
Never before have I had like, three courses of items that had corned beef in them. Good thing I love corned beef. We had the corned beef nachos, the sandwich, the potato leek soup, and several other items I can't remember including two wonderful desserts. The layout is really cool and we passed the time after ordering our food by looking around at all the pieces on the walls. The food was wonderful, the service was a bit slow and confused, and the restaurant is really interesting. Does not feel right stepping back out into the Las Vegas heat after that neat little meal.
I liked this place. We had two families, with kids, here for dinner one night. It is very casual and good for kids if you go earlier in the evening. There are a few flat screens around to catch games on as we ate as well.  As for the food, I liked it. I had the black n bleu burger with fries. It was very good and big. I suggest the fish n chips though. My wife had those and they were outstanding. I also ordered the Irish nachos with corned beef. I know, sounds weird. They were very good.  So, If you are in the Lake Las Vegas area and looking for some yummy comfort food in a casual atmosphere at a very fair price...look no further. This place is here waiting for you.
We came after the Brews Best to sop up the beer.  The BF and I shared a full portion of fish and chips ($16). Pretty good and standard. Crisp big fish filets and fries. Our friends seem happy with their food, but some are really effing drunk too.   Service was OK. It was busy and no one was attentive. No drinks offfered, no water offered specially. No one came to check on us. I don't know if this is the norm or only because they're not used to ever being a full house.   It did it's job and was good beer food.
I like this place.  The atmosphere is a mix between sports bar and an American version of Irish Pub.  Food was reasonably priced.  This was my first time having boxty.  Let me tell you, I'm a fan.  Boxty is an Irish potato pancake topped with various goodies.  I had the Irish Stew Boxty which comes with tender chunks of beef slow cooked with potatoes, carrots, celery, onion, and fresh herbs in a rich brown gravy.  Beware: the Auld Dubliner is quite a walk from car, through the parking structure, through the casino, and out the other side.  I enjoyed the walk, but some people may not want to walk that far.
I'm in Lake Las Vegas once a year so I trusted the opinions of my friends in coming to the "Irish place". Auld Dubliner was HOPPING when we arrived. I literally snatched our table from a family getting up to go, their old plates still on the table....   The wait for our food was average, but it was all worth it to me for one reason: potato leek soup. I wish I had ordered only soup and kept it coming.  At my table, the boxty was getting the chatter. I also saw an interesting Guinness stew pass by. I sampled the boxty (described as shepherd's pie wrapped up in a plate-sized potato pancake). Fantastic. I had ordered the pulled pork sandwich because I wasn't feeling experimental and it was only $9 without an upcharge for the soup. The sandwich was average. The soup was glorious. It's like warm, creamy, smooth, savory, rich velvet--in a bowl. After one bite, it's all I wanted. My man and I were hooked. I ordered an additional bowl from the busboy for $4.   TV's abound so I caught Oregon's demolition of Stanford. It's really noisy and everything resonates because the place is just hard wood all around, so expect an overgrown sports pub sort of feel. If you take your kids, you'd be best to sit at a table outside. It was hard for us to grab our server at times (like I said, I ordered at one time from the busboy...) but they were hopping, after all.  I would come here for specific treasures on the menu. It seems like a great place to catch the game. I'd have a beer and potato leek soup...in a ratio of 1 to 3.
Cozy pub. Nice size food portions with great beer and wiskey selection. Fun and friendly staff. NFL Sunday ticket makes it the place to be for football with a sports book a quick walk next door.
Had a great time staying at Lake Las Vegas and this place was our go-to place for eats.  Excellent service and they serve Kilkenny on draft.  Just the Kilkenny is reason enough to go here.  But, there's more!  Hubby had the shep. pie...it was very good but the gravy was a bit thin.  I had the fish and chips (perfect) with a side of mashed with guinness and blue cheese gravy.  This gravy is some sort of magical sauce...I was seeing unicorns and butterflies as I ate it.   I would put that stuff on ice cream, in my coffee, or perhaps just drink it with a straw.  I highly suggest ordering the parm garlic fries with a side of this gravy for dipping.
We ate here a week ago.  What stood out most for us about this restaurant compared with most anything in Vegas or Henderson is that it's open air and you can sit outside on a patio that overlooks the attractive pedstrian-only 'village' area of the Lake Las Vegas instead of the usual parking lot or a busy street.  Definitely nice ambiance in that respect.  [We would have preferred there be no smoking allowed outside, however.  We had to move tables to get away from a smoker.]  As for the service, our waiter was very good.  For food, the mixed greens salad with chicken was fantastic and an incredible value as it would have made more than a full meal on its own - fortunately, we split it because we also ordered fish and chips and sausage with sauerkraut as our main courses.  They were fine, not spectacular.  However, overall, given the quality, service, and ambiance, we'd say the food was well worth the prices.  Beer's a bit pricey but they do have a good selection on tap.  Bottom line, liked it, would return.  It is a nice little get-away for an evening if you live in the Vegas valley as it has a totally different feel.  Allow extra time for a nice walk after your meal to see the town, the bridge, etc.
The Auld Dubliner: A pitcher perfect image of what I my minds eye of an ole Irish pub could be like should I ever have the opportunity to visit Ireland.  Small spaces for dinning and a bar running  1/2 the length of the little establishment.  By far more patrons sitting and standing around the bar as anything from Soccer, Boxing, and even NBA basket ball played on the many TVs located behind the bar and throughout the place.  I was with a group of 8 and we were seated quickly and drink orders taken.  Many at the table enjoyed what they said was robust logger and dark dense taste.  Must have been pretty good as there were several rounds ordered.   I had the Fish-n-Chips for dinner and "Boy Howdy" was this thing huge.  My plate was large but the two pieces of beer battered code were a lot bigger and hung off the side like two full racks of Memphis Dry Rubbed Ribs.  Now the taste of the fish is on par with most fish-n-chip places I've eaten at, but what might be lacking in the taste department this place over delivers in atmosphere, service, and just feeling like your at home with your buds.  Really a great place to come and relax after a full day of corporate meeting, testing, and sales roll play.
Pretty decent food and service. The staff did seem bored, probably because there were three of them and two customers. They were out of the roast beef sandwich we had wanted, so we had to substitute for the Ruben, which was not a bad choice. I don't recommend the Caesar salad, however--not a very flavorful dressing. I will be back--it seems like a great place to spend St Patrick's Day!
Female server working on labor day was the pits of customer service. Her diva attitude was unbearable. Decided to spend our money down the street at Bernard's Bistro. We had a great meal and great service at Bernard's. Will never go back to Auld Dubliner !!
The best meatloaf ever proclaimed my GF. It was damn good but I couldnt help but to wonder if the incredible gravy didn't have a lot to do with it.   My gf loves bloody marys and having seen the reviews on yelp she was excited to try one. The excitement ended there as it isn't a "normal" bloody mary. They dice up the celery and mix it with a few secret ingredients.  We tried to figure them out but couldnt. Whitney was our servers name and she was wonderful and knowledgeable about all the beers they had and made great recommendations   All in all it was a good place to eat but for $65 with tip we should have had more than meatloaf a chicken salad and 2 drinks.  Cant give them 5 stars due to the price and most beers being in bottles but for a once in a great while I would come back.
We were at Lake Las Vegas with some friends for the Dragon Boat Festival. We decided to get a snack and some beers. The beer specials for the day weren't great but they were in range with most bar beer prices in Las Vegas. The menu was also special for the day. We all ended up sharing the Spicy New Potatoes and an order of Irish Nachos with Corned Beef. I surprised myself and really enjoyed the nachos, there were tons of toppings on them and the chips were crisp, not greasy. They were a tad pricey for the amount that was on the plate. The spicy potatoes were good, not as spicy as I thought they'd be, but were tasty especially with the buttermilk dipping sauce.  The service was adequate. We sat outside on the patio since we had our dog with us, flies were a bit bothersome. The place was busy so I wasn't surprised that the women's bathroom was a disaster, but then find out the men's room was clean. What the heck women!! I would give them another try if in the area, I especially like the dog friendly aspect.
What a great  casual place to enjoy in Lake Las Vegas.  If you are here already for a stay-cation, its worth it.  Its pretty typical pub, but it does not reek of smoke or have nasty bar food.   I had a delicious soup and fish and chips and loved the singer that was performing last Friday night.  The beer selection was not amazing and a little pricey, but that's my only negative reflection.  Good way to end the evening.
Auld Dubliner is one of the reasons I wish more people would go to Lake Las Vegas.  It's a typical Irish bar, mostly wooden, smaller tables, but you actually have some room.  It's not crammed together.  We've only been inside, but they have patio seating as well when the weather is nice.  They have an above average selection for beers, with the usual emphasis on Irish and British beers.  I got a flight of testers that was a decent price, given the quality of beers.  The food was above average as well.  Very large serving of fish and chips.  Good batter, but not too thick.  We got chicken fingers (for our 2 year old), and the table liked these as well.    Service was excellent.  Drinks never reached empty before she was there asking if we wanted another.  There seemed to be several regulars as well, which is rarely a bad sign.  Overall, above average experience, which is saying something, given the number of Irish pubs that have opened in the last few years.  Worth your time.
YUM! Stopped here for lunch on a family stay-cay at Lake Las Vegas.  Staff was friendly, food was REALLY good, and the atmosphere was great.  Be careful of the salsa it's got hot HOT peppers in it.  But the fish tacos are amazing!  Good place for lunch!
After having overly salty soup and lousy service at the Sonrisa Grill, my friend and I decided to come here for a drink/and a bite to eat during happy hour. I ordered a vodka tonic and she a vodka and soda. When she received her drink, there was no carbonation and she asked if she could give her something else and my friend requested diet coke, which was also flat. When she asked if there were problems with the co2 tank, she said, that's just how it is.   After our bad experience at the Sonrisa Grill and her response to my friend, we decided to cut our losses, go back to our time share and eat/drink what we had brought. I paid for my drink and understandably, my friend chose to not as she did not drink it. When we left the waitress called over the railing, "hey, can you guys pay for the other drink?" and my friend said absolutely NOT. The nerve. We ended up going back to the condo, making our own food and drinks and relaxing. If this resort wants to make it, then I highly recommend that these restaurants get it together. Mind you, we are go with the flow customers who tip well and the only good experience we had was that morning in Henry's where we had a wonderful Bloody Mary and a gracious breakfast server. I hope that the one in my home town of Tustin does not suck like this one.
Even though it's not "on the strip" I always stop here when I'm in Vegas! Well worth the trip into Lake Las Vegas, especially if you're a golfer... Very friendly staff, great food, and the Guinness is poured exactly as it should be. My only negative is that I have to fly 2500 miles to get here. So if you're looking for some good craic and a better pint, check it out here! Live music and a big patio for those wonderful Vegas nights are also big plusses!  Slainte!
"OK class!  Repeat after me...Overpriced Irish Bar Food". Now, don't get me wrong-I dig this place, but mainly for the outdoor seating and awesome atmosphere.  It's a great place to bring out-of-town guests-especially if you wanna relax and kick-back a few beers. I usually order the fish and chips and curry french fries.  Be warned: the FULL size order are 2 huge fish pieces..wow...lots of food, BUT not great food. Our waitress seemed a little more impressed with herself than us, so that was annoying. Come to think of it, her attitude could be justification for my 8 month old to fling his Fisher-Price teething ring at her as she 'occasionally' sauntered past.  My summary is: Irish banger (burnt)wonton appetizer+2 dinners of fish and chips+4 beers=$89.00!!!!! Bundle that up with Little Miss Prissy Pants and I left thinking I could have fried my own fish and drank a couple Guinness while relaxing on the patio in my PJs.  All that and have $60 still in my wallet. Go have beer and sit outside.  Eat later.
Overall I enjoy Auld Dubliner. We've ate her a handful of times. Usually I eat the fish & chips which never fails to disappoint. Last time I ate corned beef tacos, it was a different twist on tacos. But, worth the difference! I enjoyed the meal. Just wished it didn't have so much lettuce. I gave this restaurant three stars because I believe it should have more Irish food options mostly cafe food. Service was good and at night they have an enjoyable fun live band.
fish and chips ........ plain jane prob the best place to drink  in the little shopping center of lake las vegas but def not worth it .. in fact skip lake las vegas all together .
Over priced greasy bar food. Although the portion was huge, the fish and chips were nothing special and super greasy. The corned beef chili was just meat and beans with no flavor or presentation.
I give this place 4 stars because of the staff and atmosphere. Joseph was a trooper even though we gave him some weird request. Like desert first, the meal with the appetizer. Desert we had the Creme brle and the chocolat brownie. The brle wins hands down. Yes it can feed 4. The sausage roll was different. Moist in the middle. My favorite was the bangers and champ and the meatloaf. The fish was good in the fish and chips. The breading was kind of thick. Some folks like that. Overall meals were good. The 4.5 star experience here was joseph our bartender he is a rockstar so ask for him by name...
Went here las month only to find the poor little busboy did all the work! Our tiny angry server treated us like we were bothering her  when we sat down . she demanded our order & we never saw her again the rest of the 25 mins we were there. Food wasnt bad , rueben was great  ,fish so so. Huge disappointment after reading rave reviews.
Extremely enjoyable place with a warm atmosphere, fantastic Bloody Mary, great beer and whiskey selections
The bar must really be struggling and the "owner" must be so desperate that he thinks it's a good idea to start fights with customers. Maybe if someone gets irritated enough, a fight will actually break out and he could collect an insurance check to save his ass.
Food here is great!. Best bloody mary in town.. Service was awesome. Ask for Nichole!
I had low expectations for the Irish pub, being that it's in the middle of a basically desolate shopping center in Lake Las Vegas--but I was surprised.   The service was excellent, the two folks who helped us out were attentive and nice. Other servers made sure to check on us as well, just to make sure we were doing okay.  The fish sandwich, Reuben, and buffalo parm chicken fingers were all tasty (Beware: their fries have curry on them. Delicious but unexpected.) I'd avoid the parmesan fries, not worth the $2 upcharge.  Beer seems a little bit pricy and the happy hour isn't really anything to brag about, but I'd place this pub in the "more than decent" category. Granted, it kind of has to be given there isn't much choice if you're in the area.
Great fish and chips, nice batter not too heavy. The sausage rolls are a must. Great traditional pub beers and a decent whiskey selection too. The stew was lovely, a half order goes a long way!
I don't like to give 5 stars for reviews, because I like the restaurant the way it is and don't want it to get over crowded.   But the Auld dubliner deserves it.  We went there expecting so so fare, and were shocked that even the ribs were delicious.   Fish and chips are amazing and delicious,  bangers and mash are also amazing.   The pull pork sandwich is a pass, not so great.   Lake Las Vegas is as beautiful as ever and so quiet and peaceful.
We were in the area and I was starving so my friend and I went here since there's not very many options in Lake Las Vegas. Usually, when I'm starving, food tastes better and I finish everything on my plate.   The place wasn't busy at all. The servers were quite friendly to the older men. The food came out 20-30 minutes after placing our order.  BBC Burger: My friend loved this burger. It has pickles, bacon, chipotle BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and onions. They have turkey options for their burgers if you don't eat beef. The patty was tasty and juicy. The chipotle BBQ sauce was delish. This came with curry fries. 4/5  Fish Sandwich: This looked so good but doesn't taste as good. It comes in a toasted brioche bun, tartar sauce, pickles, onions, tomato, lettuce and a huge piece of fried and breaded fish. No flavor though. 2/5  Garlic Parmesan Fries: Whenever I see garlic parm fries on the menu, I have to have it. No ifs, ands or buts about it. However, I was mighty disappointed with this version. It had no flavor to it. I sprinkled lots of salt just so I could eat this. Lots of oil, no garlic/Parmesan taste. I couldn't finish this. 1/5  This was a bad choice for a cheat meal and it made me so sad. I only ate half of whatever we ordered. It's like they have something against flavor.
The fish and chips are delish, small place but very cozy and the live music was great!! I'm definitely coming back. I love the vibe and the staff is really friendly.
I went here on a Tuesday night and as usual, this very nice Las Vegas Resort area was sadly very deserted...  My wife and I tried this restaurant since we do enjoy a good Pub.  This was among the worst services I've ever had - I can't think of a worse one that didn't involve the manager coming up and comping our meal.  We were in no hurry, so we didn't make a fuss out of it, but we were ridden by "apologies" when the waitress forgot to bring us something we requested, but then she would never correct it by actually bringing it!  The sad thing is that there was really no excuse because this restaurant was about as empty as the Resort area.   The food was actually pretty good, but it would have been nice with the sides/refills we requested but never received.  Also my pint of Guinness was like 9 bucks, which I just find ridiculous - especially for an Irish Pub.  I'm giving it 2 stars just because the experience may be different on a weekend and also the food was actually good.
Hit and miss. Have been here many times and have had some good nights and some bad ones. Food is good, albeit greasy, and decent beer menu. Won't change the tvs from nba so if you prefer anything else, go down the road.
I've been to pretty much every restaurant in Lake Las Vegas and the pub is by far the best and one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. The service is great and the food is amazing! The ahi tuna tacos, fish tacos and Reuben sandwich are a must try. Oh and the nachos with corned beef are great too! I've honestly never had anything bad there. My roommate and I go at least once a week! 5 stars!
Great place to stop for a pint of Carlsberg and to catch the world cup whilst escaping the afternoon heat. Friendly clean and a good crowd.
Service was great! Our server was attentive and very nice! The decor was great!!! Loved all the antiques ! I could have been there forever looking at all the trinkets. The food- my husband has the fish and chips. He loved it!!! He is a good eater and was satisfied with the half order. The portion is very generous! I had the corned beef tacos. I was a little iffy on trying it- but I love to try new things , plus our server high recommended them , WOW  they were sooooo good! Thinking about going back tonight!!! Have the fish and chips and the corned beef tacos!!! Don't forget the beer!
My friend and I decided to stop here for dinner before Shakespeare in the park.  We decided on sharing the Irish nachos and the roast beef sandwich. The Irish nachos were a bit salty but still good. The roast beef sandwich on the other hand was sooo yummy!  It comes on this toasted bread that had cheese melted on it. It also had horseradish mayo on it.  So much tastier than I thought it would be!   Our waitress was super nice and the atmosphere was fun. Definitely try it out when you're down in lake Las Vegas
Great design.  They have the busts of the nine Irishmen prominently displayed in the bar, likely to avoid stupid questions, although i like that the concept of the bar goes beyond just the name.  The place kind of seems like your typical counterfeit Irish pub type place but I have to give this place credit.  They have Boru (Irish Vodka) available at the bar, not to mention the full array of Irish whiskeys we've all come to know, love and blame for hangovers.  Additionally, their bangers and mash and Shepard's pie are quite delicious and the presentations are straight Vegas.  The one knock, is that the place is designed a little oddly, so some of the spaces can seem very cramped, especially upstairs.  Also, this place used to feature authentic Irish music without breaking your wallet, now I've noticed some ridiculous $20 covers to get in and have a whiskey after 11pm.    Thus is the way of Vegas...
They get 5 stars for the band, even before the incredible decor and drink selection.   I don't think I've ever had more fun at a bar. Irish step dancing, Irish music, Guiness and Vegas...what a magical combination!
First place I went to when I got to Vegas after check in. I asked the cabbie for a good bar-not much of a club guy and he suggested this place. He was right, great band and live Irish dancer. The beer selection is pretty good too, a good bar, not just a good bar on the Strip.
I had the best time here. Not only was the band great, but so were the people. My friend and I got chummy with this group of Irish guys that were seriously out of control.  They were jumping on eachother and pouring drinks on eachother it was great. I dont think I have seen anyone ever fake swim on the ground of a bar. Then they go kicked out and it sucked until they sneaked back in...then one of them got thrown out by the neck, but besides that it was a grand time, I want to go back reaal bad.
Great pub, and great food.  Whenever in Las Vegas, I love to go here.    A fantastic place to people watch as well.
Stumbling through the chaos that is NY,NY (post roller coaster),  toward anything that resembled a drinking establishment we found ourselves at Nine Fine Irishmen.  There couldn't be a more Disneyfied Irish Pub in all the world; everything seemed really clean and new, it didn't reek of urine, and the barmaids wear Lord of the Dance costumes.  But it was somewhat charming.   The bartenders told us about different whiskeys and gave us some good recommendations of places to go (and not to bother with) in Vegas.  Minus one star because for some reason we couldn't smoke at the bar upstairs (no smoking?? in Vegas??). I don't really like Ny,Ny (way too many kids), but if you find yourself there to ride the roller coaster this place is worth a visit.
We held a special event last Thursday here and I gotta say... the food and drink was excellent!  From the salad, to the Ribeye Steak main course, to the Creme Brulee dessert, and of course loads of Guinness and a few other brews (the I'll have what he's having...) Everything was killer.  After 9 a cool Irish band started up and the entertainment was cool as well.  Nice!
I have been here many timesand it has always been great. This time we sat upstairs, we had a couple or five magners and the bap trio and the Delicious brushmills bread pudding.         At The table next to us sat the most annoying couple ever to take breath as firstly they had a coupon then wanted to share a soup which caused ww3 as it came to the table in1 bowl "Yes can you believe it a shared soup in 1 bowl", then the table was square and the sky was to blue the place was to Irish.  The staff were great and the service fantastic and the food great, even though about 80% of the menu isn't Irish as both my parents are and believe me the food here isn't over cooked and salty
An authentic Irish Pub, brought over piece by loving piece. The Pub, located on the second floor in Nine Fine Irishmen seems very authentic right down to the wallpaper. Probably a little too clean and neat for an authentic pub, with polished cherry-stained wood all over!  What I had...  Chips and Dips - Sliced / Fried Potatoes in an aluminum pot with dips two dips made from Curry and another dip with unknown ingredients. Interesting to say the least.  Lump Crab Cakes - The remoulade dip was what made this starter stand out. Without the dip, though, the Crab Cakes could not have stood out on their own.  Shepherd's Pie - I told myself I'm going all authentic tonight! Let's try the Shepherd's Pie! Not authentic, with a few variations that would not confuse anyone that they were in an Irish Pub. The Port Wine sauce and vegetables makes this entree interesting, but definitely not authentic. Also served in an aluminum pail.  Bailey's Creme Brulee - Pure 100% Bailey's... and nothing else. If you didn't get a buzz from the bar drinks... this "dessert" could cause you problems!  Black and Tan Cake - Very good. Would order this dessert over the Bailey's anytime.  An Irish band, Ri Ra, was playing this night and LOUD it was.   The waitress / barmaids were cute in their RiverDance type of uniforms. Would not mind coming here more just for this...  In summary... The environment might be authentic, but not the atmosphere... definitely a Las Vegas feel to the whole evening. AND Bring LOTS of money, and some ear muffs to muffle out the noise which is tremendous when the Irish band is playing. And even when the band is not playing, the noise is tremendous!  If New York, New York wants this to be authentic... bring over a dart-throwing area, and some TVs showing soccer or rugby matches for starters.
As a semi-pro football player this is my teams type of after party.  Good band and you can get pretty loud with the boys and not have some guy with a bad flat top ask you to leave.  Shots of wiskey can make or break your night, at this place it starts it
Four of us went here on a packed Friday night for some food.  We were seated upstairs along the railing -- in perfect range of the band that was playing.  The food that we got was really good and came surprisingly fast.    My friend and I had the goat cheese and tomato stack salad first and the maple glazed salmon.  My other two friends split the shepherd's pie.  It came in a little metal bucket.  Everything was huge.  The prices were a bit more than you would expect an Irish pub to have, but it is Vegas.   Thankfully we decided to split our entrees.  As it was we could barely finish what we had.  Overall, the service was good and fast and the food was good.
first things first...walk in the door and find a cool guy with an irish accent to pour you an irish car bomb.  then order your beer or beverage of choice.    second...walk to the side of the dance floor and get a little buzzed.  get acquainted to the crazies on the dance floor...you will soon be one of them.    third...pick up on the songs the live band plays on the weekends and become one of those crazy people you were eyeing on the dance floor who seems to be doing the irish jig (aka white men can't dance) routine.    i try to go there every time i'm in vegas...and i somehow always remember the words to the songs.
So due to a mechanical problem, my flight from Vegas to LA was delayed and I was stuck in the city of sin for a night. Big bummer, huh? My BFF and I decided to take advantage of our luckiness and make it a night to remember, even though it was a Monday. That's how we do.  We have friends that RAVE about Nine Fine, but we both had never been there. I love NYNY and I had loved the Big Apple Bar, which is now being turned into a money cage. Boo. But we decided to venture into Nine Fine...and what fun it was!  We were hungry, but we arrived after the kitchen closed, so we decided to have a drink or two and then go find food. I really liked the atmosphere of the place. I'm quite familiar with pubs, especially as BFF's dad has worked for Guinness for 20+ years, and this place looks authentic! We went upstairs to the bar and were greeted immediately. The bartenders were pleasant, and while our first drinks were not strong, they were decent.  Then we moved on to apple martinis (I know, in an Irish pub, but whatever!). Soon they asked us to move downstairs, as they were closing the upstairs part. No prob.  Downstairs was a lively Irish band (I think they are called Ri-Ra or something like that). Although it was not packed, it was busy enough and soon people were dancing. It was really fun. BFF and I began drinking "Drunken Peaches" from the speciality cocktail menu. At $10, they were really strong, but sweet and delicious. We really liked taking our cocktails outside to the large patio. At 12am, on a Monday/Tuesday in February, the Strip was pretty much a ghost town. It was a cool experience.   I will be back for sure!
Nice chill restaurant that serves great food with great service. The bill was reasonable despite the amount of drink that was ordered.  They have this sausage appetizer that is absolutely incredible.  We had a party of 7 and the waitress was all over us.
Cool place!  I went in for a couple of pints and lunch as I was watching some tournament games @ NY NY.    Very cool, big space.  Food is quite good, especially the fish and chips but priced on the high side.   7 beans for a Guiness?  Ouch.  Thats vegas I guess though.   Didnt go at night, but I imagine it gets crazy.  ONE fine irishmen says check it out...
Cool looking Irish place, with great Irish bands.  Once you get out of sight of the NYNY slots, it looks like the real deal.  I love the super-secret outdoors patio.  Long wooden tables are perfect for my friend's clog dancing episode (she later got booted from the entire NYNY property for trying this inside).
Every trip we go for a pint and some Black Bush. Always leave disappointed. Grew up in McSorley's so I'm always looking for something to stir the memories. Not worth the trip unless you're at the Excalibur, MGM or NYNY. It's ain't NY.
bushmill's bread & butter bread pudding!  this review is based entirely on the bread pudding offered at this pub.  it's a sensationally sinful brioche served warm and bulging with raisins.  you split it open and its steam rises and releases a warm aroma of sweet doughy heaven.  pour the whiskey cream and caramel sauces over this hunk of perfection and savor every last bite.
NFI is a pretty cool alternative to the crazy, expensive clubs in Vegas.  You'll actually be able to hear your friends speak in this place.  There was a cover band playing U2 and the like.  On a Saturday night, the cover was free for ladies and Military ID holders and $5 for guys, which isn't bad.  However, the place was packed, making finding a place to sit next to impossible.  On top of that, they inexplicably closed the upstairs area while we were there, forcing everyone to crowd downstairs.  I wouldn't go all the way to NFI from the Wynn, but if you are in a hotel nearby it is worth checking out.
Great place to get some good food and a pint!  I had the chance to have two meals at NFI during my trip out to Vegas.  Both were great!   The first meal was lunch.  I had a burger with Irish cheddar and bacon.... does anything beat a well executed burger?  It was great.... especially with a good Guinness.    The second meal was dinner.... which was a bit hazy.  It was kind of like a roast in a guinness sauce over mashed potatoes.  The important thing is to remember that it was great.  For dessert, I had the Bushmill's bread pudding.... which I have learned is the favorite on this forum!  It was awesome.... especially with another Guinness!  This place will be at the top of my list if I ever get back to Vegas.  Highly recommend!!
This place isn't all that. Maybe its cause I went in there to early in the day.  Didn't really look like a great place to party or waste a lot of time in. Although it did have a nice Irish look. But I still won't go back.
Any place with dueling pianos wins points with me.  I don't know that I would pick this place to eat but it makes for a great after dinner pub.  The decor is your usual Irish Pub with a strong focus on dark wood and heavy furniture.  We were able to kind of steak out a little nook where we drank and talked amongst ourselves before meeting a few people seated near us.
This place is run by cheap bastards.   I have eaten here before. Nice atmosphere, but overpriced food. The fish and chips are okay, but nothing to write home about (we have better in SF).   The reason why I am giving this restaurant 1 star and a bad review is because I booked a night at the NYNY casino-resort where the restaurant is located. Part of my package included several two for one coupons. I was on that leg of my trip by myself and assumed I could use the coupon for NFI as 50% off a single item. The restaurant refused to honor the coupon (from their own property) and treated me very rudely (and this was within minutes of checking in). I can't believe they would be so cheap that they wouldn't honor a coupon in this way (for $14 fish and chips) and acted like it was the weirdest or most awful thing in the world that I would request to use it as a single diner. She told me I would have to order one fish and chips and get a second order in order to use the coupon (thus wasting the food). Not only that, but the host and bartenders didn't seem to know what was going on and were rude. I will never set foot inside this place again or NYNY. These people are cheap and it shows bad judgment and management when people book a vacation at your establishment, are looking forward to going to this restaurant, and then treat their own patrons so badly. Jerks. I am not sure what their management is thinking, but I won't ever give them my business again.
I'm going to keep this short.  This place advertises itself as an "Irish Pub" - being British I can categorically tell you this place is not a pub.  It's a restaurant.  It doesn't even have a proper bar area so the whole place is no smoking.  Maybe the foods good, I wouldn't be able to tell you.  I left.
It was fun for what it was...a pub in a Vegas hotel...nothing more...nothing less.  They have imported Guinness from Dublin here so thats kind of nice if you know the difference between American Guinness and Irish Guinness.  My wife had an apple martini that she thought was too strong...but she isn't much of a drinker so I tried it and it was definitely too strong.  Did not try the food, but again this place is just a  gimmick bar inside a luxury casino hotel. Enjoy it for what it is...an excuse to drink.
$12.50 for a margarita! Who are you kidding? Yeah, the drinks are expensive as hell, they have fake imperial glasses, bartender seemed very confused when I asked him for a round, service was slow, I could complain forever...  But then I just think about the Cabernet-Poached Pear Pizza with Bleu Cheese and Caramelized Red Onions.... Heaven!  Only in a world as backwards as Vegas can you get away with charging the same price for a pizza and a margarita, but the pizza made up for the weak drink and all other complaints I had.
I have to say, I loved this place.  So, yes, it's not an ultra-authentic Irish Pub, BUT it is a place in Vegas where you can get some some good Irish grub and live entertainment that doesn't involve bottles service a $500+ booth and waiting in line for an hour.  8 girls and I went for dinner and had a cute waiter (wish I could remember his name now) who was super attentive and helpful. We ate, drank, chatted, drank, ate, drank, etc... They had cider and guiness straight from Ireland and it was perfect.   We then found out they were having a live band - a live IRISH band. So, we nixed our previous plans, did a quick wardrobe change and headed back to the NFI for the music. The first 1/2 of the set was full of upbeat irish classics. The second 1/2  - good old American favorites (think Bon Jovi, Journey, CCR, etc).  They even had an Irish dancer.   The place was awesome and a real change of pace for Vegas. No posers allowed.
We wanted a casual, yet fun, bar to chill at the Wednesday night before the 4th of July, which Nine Fine Irishmen fit. The space is mostly made up of tables with a small awkward space where you can stand and/or dance. We ended up standing, which was fine and allowed for easier bar access, which is always key.  The Irish band, with accompanying Irish step dancer, playing that evening was awesome. They played all my favorite Irish songs and I think did a few covers as the evening progressed. The crowd was mixed in age and, as I always find at Irish pubs, they were quite friendly. We chatted with some people around us and my brother-in-law did some shots with a bachelorette party that wandered in. We drank Harp and Smithwick that evening and I think each beer was about $6.50.   Nine Fine Irishmen is an upbeat and casual alternative to the lounge/club scene. My husband and I will definitely go back on a future Vegas trip when that is what we are looking for.
The bar scene on the Vegas Strip makes me feel old and fat and poor.   Every bar we went into in every casino had muted pastel lights and space age decor, and was filled with young, blonde, huge-racked girls in tiny clothes, and the men who love them.  The bar tab was inevitably a month's rent, and the drinks were watery.   This is why Nine Fine Irishmen is different.  Don't get me wrong; there are a large number of the young, blonde, huge-racked girls in tiny clothes and the young men who pine for them here, but there's also a nice mix of people closer to my age.  It really invoked the pub atmosphere I know from the U.K.  The decor is all dark wood, and I think is the actual interior of a pub shipped over from Ireland.  If it's not authentic, it's an excellent replication.   The house band, Ri Ra, was great!!!  They mixed old pub drinking songs with Pogues covers and other Celtic rock songs.   The beer and whiskey selection was excellent as well.   We were kind of hungry, but none of the appetizers appealed to us.   Still, it was a good time. They lose a star for the price of the drinks ($24 for two pints and a whiskey) and the slight lack of seating space, since as I mentioned before, me=old, fat, poor.  But if I'm ever keen to drink on the Strip again, I'll make an effort to come here.
The food tastes Irish.  Amazing.    We only split the meatloaf because after a huge buffet breakfast, half was still an indulgence.    Good crispy onions, yummy potatoes, moist meatloaf, good saucy stuff.  For a minute I thought I was at "IN Dalky" in Dalky, Ireland.  So good.    And splitting was more then enough food.  The portions are huge.  20 bucks for lunch and a beer.
I love this place. We happened upon it as my brother and I were looking for a beer while the wives shopped. We ended up back here for lunch and then back again for the late evening.  The food here is good, although I wouldn't put it on my all time favorites list for Irish food. Okay, not great.  But what really shines here are the people. The patrons, the band, the staff. The prices are a bit too high ($7 for a pint - minus one star) but they have some good Irish single malts on hand. The Irish band was a lot of fun and the people I met here were just fun, intelligent (and coherent) people.
We came there right at the opening for an Irish Breakfast and some Guinness. Got a great black and tan, and a huge plate of potatoes, sausages, eggs, rashers, cold toast, and a roasted tomato. I've had better rashers for sure, but it was a pretty good brunch! Irish Coffee was great too.
One of the better Casino Bars. They get it pretty right. Sure it's overpriced, everything in the Casinos is overpriced but New York, New York is a LITTLE better than most and Nine Fine Irishman is a cool hang, especially upstairs.
I cant vouch for the food but everything else was wayyy fun!  Irish shit talkin singers make you feel happy once you get pissed  I believe there is an upstairs patio
While my Shepard's Pie wasn't anything to remember or the terrible service I had , this place is a really fun place to go have drinks. The bands they have are so good and entertaining, you feel like your in a real Irish Pub. This is a great post diner or show place to have drinks and live entertainment but stick with somewhere else for diner.
Granted, this might not be the most Irish of all Irish pubs, being tucked away in the New York New York Hotel/Casino in Vegas. But it's a damn good time regardless.  I went here with my BF because we both love Irish bars, and we happened to have the BEST time ever at this particular watering hole. There were 3 Irishmen at the bar from Canada, and an Irishman from New York city with his Jersey girlfriend -- our whole time there was a combination of dancing, singing Irish songs (dirty old townnnnn....), laughing, biting (the good kind, but even the bad kind is the good kind), singing pop songs (loudly), and of course, lots of Irish whiskey (Jameson) and beer (Smithwicks - for you beer dunces out there, the "w" is silent). It's the most drunk I've ever gotten without throwing up. That's a personal record I would write in my diary if I had one. I'd probably even stick a Hello Kitty twin star sticker next it and everything.  The bartender was heavy handed and fun and I think he even shaved that day. He even resembled Colin Farrel a bit; but maybe that's just because I was watching Colin's porn clip on the web just an hour earlier (5 stars for his performance, FYI). The crowd was definitely lively; how much of that was attributed to the fact that you're on vacation and you're supposed to be lively on vacation, I'm not sure. A guitarist took the stage and sang a variety of songs, which of course, we all slaughtered along to ourselves. He totally humored us and was a champ about all our heckling. I'm sure he talked shit about us after his shift, but he sure acted like he wasn't going to.  It truly was one of the funnest times I've ever had at a bar. We didn't try the food, so I can't vouch for that, but the crowd and the staff -- five stars all the way.  I will definitely be coming back here my next Vegas round. The Irish really know how to throw down. Just ask Colin.
Stopped in here for a quick lunch.  Was sort of disappointed that they didn't have any Tv's at the bar to watch some sports on.  I like to see how my wagers are working out.  I got myself a pint and the bangers and mash.  It should have been called Banger and Mash, because there was only one sausage.  The portion seemed incredibly small for 13 bucks, but what the hell do I know.  Maybe they had to fly that stuff all the way from Ireland.  I thought the selection of on-tap beer seemed adequate.  Some people who walked in were real happy they had Smithwicks on tap.  I must really have my timing wrong because hardly anyone was in here when I came in.  Altho all the serving staff seemed to be busy, but they were folding napkins, stocking the bar, etc.  The food I had was really good.  A little pricey at 24 bucks total for a beer and that one sausage and a little mashed potatoes.  Oh well, I'll be back here on St Patty's Day and we'll see what they have to offer then.
A MUST GO! This place is two stories but small. It captures the irish feel with the wooden interior well. There are two bars and normally the bottom bar is the busiest. At night there is great irish band. And occasionally there is a dancer or two.  The second floor is what  i recommed if you want to get away from some of the crazyness. The booths are private and the outside area is often over looked. Normally that's where i head to grab some drinks then i go downstairs to cause mischief! I've never eaten there. Because. really. I came to drink and listen to dam good brooding music!
Very Classy Irishbar.  Hung out here for a couple beers in the middle of one of our Vegas Days and it was a great spot to just pass some time.    And I got to try another new beer.  Hooray.  It was a Czech lager called Revo 1842.  Not bad.  Always happy when I get to explore the world of beer....    When we were about to leave, we noticed they had a sign that said "Patio Outside" so we decided to give it a looky...  And it was cool.  They have this Patio outside on the strip so next time I come, I'd love to chill outside on a nice day drinking a brew...    Then, they also have an upstairs that I didn't get to check out so looks like this is one of my "must visit" places the next few times I come to Vegas......
A contrived, overpriced faux irish pub that's perfect for Vegas. The live music was ok though.
First the good things about this place: the restaurant is very pretty.  They're trying to be your local Irish pub, if you were in Ireland, but the colors are rich, the lighting pretty, and easy on the eyes, but not flashy at all.  Seating was easy to get and the place wasn't crowded.  And that's about it.  Maybe it's because I had high expectations, but I was disappointed when I visited Nine Fine Irishmen.  I just loved saying the name with an Irish brogue and I expected there to be people dancing a jig and entertainers reciting reels or something.  We must have come at the wrong time, because that didn't happen.    The marketing machine for this restaurant did an excellent job of selling this place, what with the "authentic Irish pub, dismantled piece by piece and reassembled at the spectacular New York New York casino" crap.  I just kept thinking, "Who are the Nine Fine Irishmen?"  I checked the website, which describes each of the irishmen and makes them out to be freedom fighters.  I kept thinking, "Does that mean they're terrorists?"  I was willing to forgive them if the food was good.  It was subpar.  I was hoping the shepherd pie would be hearty and intense with flavor.  It was bland.  My friend ordered the sausage pail, which is sausage served with whole mustard.  It tasted like sausage with whole mustard.  The beer made it go down well, but that doesn't change the fact that it was just sausage and mustard- nothing special.    I was going to try dessert, but since we were so disappointed with our entrees, we didn't see the point.
I'm not a big club person, so I heard there was an Irish pub in Vegas, I was there on my first night. Good selection of Irish beer. We had HUGE chicken pot pies served in a pail. Soooo good.
During our last trip to vegas, we had the pleasure of having a meal at this pub.  Of course, its Vegas, so it's only slightly more authentic than the rest of Vegas, but as a restaurant it's quite nice.  In fact, this was actually a return trip to this pub. Both times that we've been, the host/wait staff has been friendly, helpful an ready to serve.  This time, was sat in a small demi-room with a couch-booth.  It made me happy and the delicious Magner's cider (so much better from the tap than from a bottle) kept me nice and comfy in my seat. Plus, we were seated upstairs, where the bar is, so the noise of the casino was blotted out entirely. Both times I've eaten here, I've been happy.  The waitress recommended the horseradish crusted halibut, which was worth the recommendation.  My husband had the chicken pot pie, which was full-flavored and rich.  Since he's british and a pickey eater to boot, this is a good sign. In short, I can't speak to its authenticity, but the food, atmosphere and beer are worth a stop.
Great bar with live music [Irish].  I believe the bar was shipped from Ireland. Cool environment and great beer. I had dinner here once, but it was New Years day and they were out of a lot of stuff on the menu. Which seems to happen at most places in Vegas after New Years eve. I always stop by here when in Vegas.
This is my go-to bar that a friend who's a local introduced me to and we go here almost everytime I'm in Vegas. It has that standard pub look to it, and it seems roomier inside than from what you see in the front. The live band always plays great covers. I know I've sang along to some Oasis and U2 there. And I always leave this bar satisfied and really drunk.   A good tip that one of the waitresses told us was that when you're at the outside patio and get your drinks served there, you don't have to pay the entertainment tax.
I took my friends here last night which was awesome, I have to give props to the front door guys. I had my id but i couldn't grab it in time so he asked me what a rotary phone is. I had to explain it. He said if i knew what that was then i was old enough to get it! lol.  Also i'm disabled today because my ass hung out on the outdoor area where it was slick and needless to say... i slid across the ground into the fence. Made a few tourists laugh.  Everytime i'm here something crazy happens. And bar service is as always friendly and great! :)
The feel is definitely laid back and pubby (is that a word?)  There is cute irish riverdance-like music that goes on below.  The decor is charming, but crowd tends to be a bit on the older side.
Ah, an oasis of relative normality amid the incessant glitz of the Strip.  I usually avoid New York, New York because it's one of the more "amusement park"-esque casinos in town.  But on our last trip, those of us that were left on Sunday afternoon were bored and could use a place just to sit and have a few beers...like we do everywhere else but Vegas.  A sign in the men's room claims that the bar was built in Dublin and transported piece by piece.  I'm not sure if I buy that, but it is comfortingly authentic in that Americanized, idealized way.  Everything's a little too perfect, but I'll take it.  Dark wood, cozy nooks, wistful signage evoking the old country...it's all there.    Beer selection could be better, but of course they have Guinness, Smithwick's, Harp, and Magner's.  I tried Murphy's Red for the first time (B+) but would have preferred Murphy's Stout.  Pints are $7, which on the one hand is highway robbery, but on the other seems in line with Strip pricing.  All in all, a great place to park your caboose to take a rest from the sights and sounds of Las Vegas, especially in the afternoon when it isn't crowded.    Incidentally, check out their website for a lengthy and respectable (for a bar site) history of the Young Irelander movement and the nine eponymous patriots.
Been here many times. Still great atmosphere... food is awesome.. great deal for the money.. always authentic irish atmosphere and entertainment. Dont recommend taking kids.
Fantastic atmosphere, great staff, amazing food, this place has it all and is always #1 on my recommended list of bars/restaurants to check out when friends go to Las Vegas. I love eating inside with all the decor, but sitting outside is a nice treat in Vegas since most restaurants are totally inside the casinos. I've had the burgers which are out of this world and the heirloom tomato salad with goat cheese, blue cheese and farmhouse cheese - good but I wouldn't get it again. Last time I was there, my sister and friend both enjoyed the roasted turkey panini with muenster cheese and spicy cranberry chutney on muesli bread with seeds and dried cranberries in it (they described it as Thanksgiving in a sandwich). It's definitely worth a pit stop to New York New York!
This is definitely one of the coolest looking places and more fun bars I've ever been to. First off, I love Irish bars. That culture has a really fun attitude about boozing, and some of the best drinks in the world. Whisky, beer and Irish cream, awesome. Second, this place has great food. It's rare to find an awesome bar, that also has awesome food. Usually I can either a) tolerate the food or b) drink enough crappy beer to not care how bad the booze is, even though the food rocks. I really love the second level of this bar. It's a huge high ceiling-ed place with dark, rich wood bars and cozy lighting. They pump Irish music in (not too loud) to add to it. There's lots of Irish decor and pictures as well.   This place recently fell from 5 to 4 stars in my book for several reasons.   1. They do a lot of private parties here. You may be turned away every night of your stay. 2. Prices seem significantly higher. $10 for a pint of Guinness, and it's (probably) neither an imperial or even full pint. 3. Food seems to be out of stock a lot. Certainly dishes were out of stock several times. 4. Service. We used to LOVE the bartenders here (especially Dave, the Mexican guy and the guy who served us "shaleighleighs." Since then, the staff is almost indignant and sometimes approaching rude. 5. I HATE to say it, but I definitely got food poisoning here once (it was the only place I had eaten in 24 hours, so I know it was them.) It wouldn't stop me from returning or recommending this place, but it's my first thought when we enter here. 6. Crowded. Sometimes it's impossible to get in.  More on the good (I feel like I left too many negatives.) Food is great here. Everything I've had was top notch. The sausage pail is one of my favorites. It's small, deep fried sausages in a little 'bucket.' They are super tender and juicy. It's a meal for two. They also have Guinness pies, which kinda like empanadas or similar. Very good, but kinda skimpy. The baked brie is good, but also a little skimpy. I like the crab dip a lot. It was very flavorful and fresh. They have a huge selection of whiskies and mixed drinks here. They actually have some interesting concoctions on their menu. They also serve several Irish beers and of course, Guinness. I highly recommend this place, with a bit of caution towards being able to even get in. Pretty much, if you can get in, I'd do it. But I wouldn't go way out of my way to do so, anymore. I really wish it was still a 5 star, but it's hard to say I love a place where the service has failed recently, and I can't even get into! Anyway, enjoy it, if you can. Slainte!
It was lovely to sit outside instead of one of the dark restaurants and the service was very good.  But the $20.00 fish and chips were average at best and the Brie stuffed chicken was lacking in Brie.   If you are looking for a beer selection that includes something other than bud, bud light and MGD, it's worth a stop. I wouldn't eat here again, but will stop by for a beer.
He said, "I can't believe we are giving this place five stars but they deserve it. We didn't expect to eat at this place and we have no regrets. We sat outside and had a nice view of the strip..and the stripper looking girls that were drunk...oh and the guys with the capris. Anyways, we had a bone in ribeye steak and the mac and cheese. The steak was so tender and the mac and cheese were the best we ever had..up to the point because another place one up them. This is an irish pub in Vegas so be prepared for the drunk people lounging around and expensive prices. There were men in skirts...I mean kilts there and they even had a dancer on the stage jumping up and down...very old school irish. Very good food..period"  She said, "yeah we didnt expect to eat at this place, but it was the closet place we could find. No regrets at all, we were really suprised by the food. Everything was amazing, my boyfriend and i split the rib eye and mac and cheese, it was sooooo good and especailly for midnight food. We figured since it was really late it wouldnt come out that good, but it came right from the oven/grill. It was very good. Again, an irish old school pub and resturaunt but you would be very suprised by their food :0)
I was seated on the patio for dinner and the atmosphere was great (until someone started smoking).  Inside seemed very cozy and sticks to the very homey pub theme.  It was very reminiscent of European architecture.  Starting with a wonderful Heritage Tomato salad with 4, very fresh, cheeses.  The baby heritage tomatoes actually had more flavor but with the cheese covered up some of the mealy taste of one of part of one of the heritage tomatoes.  After pointing this out, they brought me some more fresh slices.  This was followed by an extra large portion of Red Snapper that was expertly braised on one side and topped with (almost too many) capers and a buttery accent sauce.  I ordered, by recommendation, the Mac & Cheese.  Short of what I love from my home town (Charleston, SC), the Mac and Cheese was expertly baked with a wonderfully crispy topping and smooth, creamy sauce.  All meals are accompanied by what I'm sure they claim to be fresh raisin bread but it came across as a bit stale.  What was nice was the Irish butter in a pesto sauce to spread over the bread.  If the bread was warm it would have been much better.  I came back later, after walking off some of dinner, to one of the best bread puddings that has ever hit my tongue.  It arrived piping hot in a large cone shaped mug with two sauces on the side (one was some sort of whiskey sauce).  They proceeded to overturn the mug to empty out the succulent and buttery bread pudding onto the plate.  It seems that they may have intended one to dip the bread putting in each sauce with a spoon but given some of the other great bread puddings, in my experience, I proceeded to drizzle the sauces over the bread and dug in.  This was definitely not portioned for a single person or serving.  I would have been happy to pay the same price for more of a personally sized portion of each of the main course and the desert but it was definitely one of the best meals and deals that I've had on the strip.  I wish I could have stayed for some of the table dancing and band playing.  I am excited to visit there again and try something new the next time I'm in Vegas (though I probably won't deviate far from the pudding!).
The lack of authenticity is on par with the rest of Vegas. But Vegas is authentic in its own Vegas way. So it's authentically Vegas.   Located in New York New York, the inside part of the restaurant is supposed to look like an Irish pub, but it looked like what an Irish pub would look like if it were in Disneyland. We sat on the patio, which was great at night, because it's a pretty good view of the strip and still pleasantly warm without the sun burning your skin off.   Was the food good? It was pretty decent, better then I expected. Was it overpriced for what it was? Yes of course it was. But I still enjoyed it.The table enjoyed an appetizer of beer battered Irish sausage with Guinness mustard dipping sauce. It was okay, I personally like my bangers a little meatier and less squishy.   My boyfriend and I decided to split the Shepard's Pie, which they serve/bake in a metal bucket thingy. It was enough food for the both of us and $18. I still think my mom's Shepard's Pie tastes better, but she's really British, and of course home-cooking is always better. However some of the other members in our party got the steak, which is crusted with Blue Cheese for around $26 and everyone was raving about it.   People enjoyed Guinness, Murphy's, Harp, and more. So it's definitely a good place to go to get these things on tap in Vegas. However, they serve you in wimpy half pints for the same price as a regular one. Kind of sad.  We had fun here, and only had to wait about 30 minutes for a table with a party of 7. They had live music, and a real live Irish dancer who's tapping could be heard filtering through the bar onto the patio where we were sitting.  I would probably come back here and split the Shepard's Pie again, because it was enough food for half the price!
Great service, good food, nice ambiance, including a great live band on the night I was there! Yes, it's a tad pricey, but if you're looking to lift a pint of Guinness while in Sin City then this is a pretty cool place.
I absolutely love this place.  Great food, great service, and great entertainment.  I will likely go back everytime that I am in Vegas.  My only reason for a 4 instead of a 5 is because they were completely out of fish.  That was kind of a bummer since I had my heart set on salmon, but not the end of the world.  The steak was a great second choice.  I would also recommend the beer and cheese dip for starters. Since it was my birthday they brought out a great bread and butter pudding...I've never liked it before, but it was sooooo good.  I also love the live music and am looking forward to my next visit.
this was a really memorable experience!!! i love love love Irish and British food....(i may be the only one), so i was psyched to get a big Irish breakfast at 3 in the afternoon!  We drank a lot before we decided to order lunch. We were munching fried sausages and drinking beer after beer for about an hour. Then I got really really hungry. Don't ask me how, beer usually fills me up. Maybe it was all the smells wafting through the room.  Hello Irish breakfast. Eggs over medium cooked in butter with Irish bacon which is closer to ham. Small medallions of meaty bacon....really salty and really really good. Bangers, of course....because I hadn't scarfed enough yet.....grilled think tomato slices and...wait....no heinz beans? awwww.... it also comes with mushrooms, which i am allergic to and black & white puddings (blood sausage).....which are nasty.  We went back on Monday (we were in Vegas Thurs-Wed) night so they had a live rock band, which was really funny. I begged them to sing Molly Malone after my 4th Guinness, and they happily obliged.....I may have told them it was my birthday.....but whatever. That night I was adventurous and tried the lamb with curry. I really do not like the gamey taste of lamb, but it was tender and the curry sauce was creamy and good. I ended up switching plates with my boyfriend who ordered a NY steak with blue cheese that was TO DIE FOR. The other two in our party ordered Shepherds Pie, which I was told was just ok, and salmon with maple.....I hate salmon and could smell only his dish all night......until i drank enough Guinness not to care.
Was there on 7/26  My friends and I were kinda burnt out on the "club scene", so we decided to head over to Nine Fine Irishmen. Our trip started when we payed the $5 cover(Not bad at all considering some clubs OVERcharging guys). Anyway, as soon as I entered, I fell in love with this place.  Live Music Great atmosphere A true "PUB" Two stories Patio TOP SHELF WHISKEYS (JAMESON 18 and 20 year) DARK BEER (Smithwicks, Guiness 250)  -all in all, great place. cheers.
A great Irish Pub. There is a live band that plays a lot of Irish music, old and original, and they even play covers of some of your favorite songs!! Drinks are reasonably priced and the bartenders are nice too. This place is so fun that it gets very crowded!! Although this is located in a hotel on the strip (I don't like the strip), I'll still come back around for more of this place.  As this is on the strip, there is no place to lock up a bike.
We had such a good night here - great atmosphere, fantastic band (who took requests from the floor), a really good Irish dancer and far too much Guinness (a bit pricey but it is Vegas!). We stayed for 4 hours till closing time.
We stopped here for a light lunch and it was quite enjoyable! I didn't want anything overly heavy, so I got the Irish breads with cheese [kind of like a fondue with ale] and it was amazing. Five different kinds of bread to dip into a warm, creamy cheese dip. Yum!  It feels a bit tucked away too, despite its location on the strip, and the restaurant has lots of booths for more intimate settings. I'd come back for sure.
This is my kind of pub and not just because I'm Irish. Located in the NY NY Hotel, it's one of the few descent places to sit back and have a cold one. Though I will warn you right now, it's not cheap. We are talking $8.75 for a cocktail and $7.25 for a Guinness.   The pub itself is beautiful, designed by The Irish Pub Company who design, manufacture, and install authentic Irish Pubs globally. The staff is extremely playful, which helps after you just lost some cash at the tables. There is a small stage for a band but we ended up leaving just before they played. Apparently they sing old and new Irish folk songs and cover almost anything you ask them to. I didn't have a chance to really look at their menu but I did see that they had a traditional Irish breakfast complete with bangers and the ever so nasty white and black pudding (I won't even eat that in Ireland!!).   Go in and have a pint!!
Good food, great music. Just try to keep your foot from tapping. You can't.  Lost $60 at roulette, but it's mighty tough to be upset with an Irish beat in your heart and a fine lass on your arm.
Love this place! Went here last year and had to get back this time too! Great authentic Irish food. I had the lamb stew which is amazing, with Irish soda bread, and an order of sausages. Mmmmm... We were there for lunch and there was a great guitar player, playing both Irish classics and classic rock.  SO fun!! I had my first Guiness car bomb there! They also offered other great cocktails. There is a small gift shoppe in the front of the store where I got my Nine fine t shirt. The restaurant is located inside NYNY which is a very cute hotel. Being from Ny, some of the cuteness of the hotel is lost on me, coz Ive seen all that stuff a million times, here at home. But def worth a visit if you are not from here and would like to have a little sample of what the "city" looks like. Although its MUCH cleaner in NYNY.... Lol.
I was very excited to see a pub like atmosphere show up a few years back in Vegas. We went here pretty late in the evening to grab a beer and the vibe was just off. It was a lot of older couples and groups of men, there was limited seating and barely anywhere comfortable to stand out of the way. Ordered a Black and Tan and it was nearly $10!! Honestly, I think you stand way better chances of going to a pub off the strip.
We stop here for lunch whenever visiting Las Vegas. It's a great place to "escape" the noise & bright lights of the casino floors.  The food is excellent, and they know how to pour a proper pint of stout. My husband always orders the Irish breakfast, and says it's just as good as the breakfasts we've been served in B&Bs all over Ireland.  I love their fish-n-chips, accompanied by a pint of Magner's cider.  I didn't think the prices were any more outrageous than anywhere else on the strip.
Not super reasonable, not really all that authentic, but still a pretty cool place to hang out, eat yummy appetizers, and enjoy a drink or some live music.  Located inside NY NY, this place serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner and has upstairs, downstairs, and patio bars.  I can't comment on what it's like late-night, but I hung out here with three other people in the early evening (5-7 or so) and it was very comfortable and relaxed.  When we sat down we were originally served by a bartender who was a total jackass, but the guy that took over the next shift was extremely friendly and efficient.    Someone else bought drinks so I can't comment on prices (I would assume they're not super-cheap but not ridiculous either) but the appetizers were in the $10-15 range and YUMMY!  At the second bartender's suggestion, the four of us shared the beer and cheese dip (which came with crackers and bread) and an order of fried sausages (which came with two different homemade mustards).  Both were yummy and perfect to go with the black-and-tans and shots of whiskey we ordered :)
The pub vibe is awesome and they know how to pour a Guinness!  The food wasn't what I hoped it would be so stick with the booze and you're all right.
Sorry Nine Fine, $7.50 for a Newcastle is a mugging and won't get you beyond two stars.  Nine Fine Irishmen is located inside the New York, New York casino.  It's more than just an Irish pub.  The ornate dcor and split level venue make it seem a little more classy than a hole in the wall.  But I have serious gripes with this place.  The crowd: You are guaranteed to come across packs of oblivious tourists.  It starts as you wait to get in and only gets worse the deeper you get inside.  These are the folks who just stand in the middle of the room staring at the wall while you try to weave your way through.  They're inescapable.  The booze:  8 bucks for a Guinness and $7.50 for a Newcastle is about as expensive as it gets on the strip.  And when it's served in a clear college style plastic cup half the time, good luck expecting any kind of tip from me.  There are a few bright spots.  The venue itself seems very authentic.  And on many nights you'll have live Irish music which is certainly better than another dj playing Boom Boom Pow every 20 minutes.  But hey if that's your cup of the just go out to the patio seating and you'll hear the music bleeding over from Rok next door.  If you have money to burn I would go to Nine Fine during the day if you feel you must experience it, otherwise it's not worth it.
If you want to have a night out in Vegas that lacks pretentiousness or the mainstream cheese ball factor then look no further.  The drinks were priced about right for Vegas and the Irish band was good.  A lot better than the Irish bands I heard when I was in Dublin city 4 months ago.  The bartenders on the upper level were top notch and professional.
im so happy i found this place!  the food is FANTASTIC the atmosphere is great, the staff is friendly and attentive, it reminded me of my favorite pub back home!  my boyfriend and i shared the bloody mary onion rings and the shepherds pie and both are so good i want to go back!  definitely worth a try!
I don't know what people down below were complaining about. Nine Fine Irishmen was fantastic! Popped in between lunch and dinner, had a Newcastle on Tap (delicious) and ordered the steamers (clams with garlic) to share with my boyfriend. SO FREAKING DELICIOUS!! I would drive all the way back to vegas just for the steamers. Bar Tender was awesome and they had an  entertaining singer doing requests (although he doesn't know any irish songs).   As far as the price goes for the price of beer, YOU'RE IN LAS VEGAS! DUH! But Nine Fine Irishmen not as expensive as alot of other places for the quality. Definitely a great find!!
Bar in the New York New York hotel that is very reminiscent of an Irish bar in New York City. Beers and drinks are expensive. Beer was $7.25 and a shot of jager was $8.   Stage in the back for bands. The noise level wasn't horrible for a place that small. The place closes at 3 am and they waste no time in kicking you out.  We did not try the food. Maybe next time we will and will gain a star.
The people whom/which/and do love this place ... are my brethren.  Yes. A lil' over priced on the drinks ... BUT I've had an awesome time every single time I've gone. It's also one of the most different bars in Vegas. Everything else is neon and posers: this bar is almost like a neighborhood bar. I always make sure to visit whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
I was soooo disappointed.  The marinated onion rings were really good but that was were things ended.  The fish & chips were bland.  The "tarter sauce" tasted like mayo.  It really didn't have the distinct tarter sauce taste.  The "chips" were good but please if you can't get that right I am really going to worry.  The presentation was comical.  It was in a cone and the fish was buried under a mound of fries.  The fish needed seasoned.  My friend had the shepherds pie and that was tasteless as well.  Very disappointing.
I grew up in Boston - I think we have the monopoly on Irish bars.  Anyway, Nine Fine Irishmen is alright - they serve Guinness, but it's bloody expensive (too expensive).  It's got an interesting decor, gets a bit crowded, and live Irish music is always a treat.  Anyone out there that is sick of spending big bucks on Newcastles, head down to the old Barbary Coast for 99 cent ones - draft beers, it's all the same.  Not a place I would want to camp out in, but this bar would do to kill an hour or two.
In New York, New York.  The fish and chips were great, $20 though.   The shepard's pie was bland, menu said something about tri tip being in it, it was just hamburger.  The service was horrible.  The waitress dropped off items like the plate was hot and that she had to go put out a fire in the kitchen.  I had to grab the hostess to get malt vinegar, yeah a pub that does not even have malt vinegar on the tables.  The Irish band was great and they had an Irish dancer that was great and not so, omg, riverdance.  They have some really fake looking busts of nine famous Irishman high up on a wall, I saw no signs identifying any, probably Thomas Swift was one of them.  Beer was three types of Guiness, Smythwicks', Newcastle, a hard cider, and other beers, no Murphy's.  The band starts at 9:15, they really get the crowd going, some danced.  Casual dress is ok here.
I learned something here at the Nine Find Irishmen Pub.   If you order a Black & Tan, you're getting a glass with Guiness floating atop Bass Ale.  If, on the other hand, you order a Half & Half, you'll be getting Guiness floating atop Harp Lager.   The Half & Half is 100% Irish.  ;)  Slinte!
Craftsteak Vs. Nine Fine Irishmen  Craftsteak at the MGM Grand is a wonderful restaurant. The service is impeccable, the decor nothing short of stunning, and you will, without a doubt have a fine meal here - so long as you are willing to pay the price, and a hefty price it is. The real question is if it's really worth it. Regretfully, my answer is - maybe not.   Craftsteak barely misses the mark in my book; expect to pay more than double what you would at other equally good venues. If we bring the total picture into play, not just food, then our measuring stick has to change and I would give the place 4 stars instead of three. For me, I prefer a beautiful, friendly atmosphere and great food over museum-quality surroundings and average to good food. This review is actually a comparison/contrast and hopefully will give you a good idea what to expect.   Our table of three at Craftsteak enjoyed a few drinks then started off with wagyu tartare. It was nothing short of outstanding  - and an extremely large portion! I was expecting 2-3 oz but received what appeared to be more than 1/2 a pound of pure delight. It was opulent. Had I known, I would have ordered it for dinner and called it a night. The three of us actually struggled to finish it - it is very heavy.   On to the steaks. We decided on a 32oz  rib for two and a 16 oz New York strip. As sides, we ordered the mushroom assortment which included somewhat rare hen of the woods which is a delight in an of itself, and sauted Brussels sprouts.   Complaints... well, I must say the steaks lacked seasoning. Sorry, Chef/Owner Colicchio, it was close but no cigar.  A great steak should need little more than some fresh cracked pepper and salt, our two steaks felt devoid of either. To add insult to injury, the rib was excessively fatty with a rather large grain of connective tissue running through the dead center. This had to be a mistake. The knives provided were surprisingly dull (security issue?) and we had a hell of a time carving through this sucker.  If not for the great company, I was seriously considering sending it back.   We packed up some of the dinner rolls and the remaining steak to make late night sandwiches in our suite that evening- we were feeling like beached whales after the tartare. The check arrived and I handed over $375 to our waiter. Ouch. Double Ouch. I shudder to think what the bill would have been if we ordered deserts and coffee.  Lets move ahead 24 hours to a little Irish joint called the "Nine Fine Irishmen" at the New York, New York, right over the connecting bridge from the MGM Grand.  It's a bit loud, but bristling with a friendly, not raucous, energy and live music that was just loud enough that you could still very easily have a conversation. This time it was just myself and my wife. We sat at the deep marble bar (we didn't feel like waiting an hour for a table) and ordered two of the Guinness 250 limited edition stouts. Really yummy (if you like stout).   We shared a bowl of their colcannon soup which is a hearty blend of leeks, potato and irish bacon. They offered it to us with fresh soda bread and European butter with a herbs. I was simply in heaven. I considered licking the bowl, but there were too many people, including my wife, watching.  It was at this point that I started feeling bitter about Craftsteak. My 16 oz NY strip arrived (round two) and horseradish crusted halibut. Perfection! I was enjoying a great beer with a simply phenomenal steak that was cooked to perfection. The halibut was flaky and succulent in every way. Here's the best part - our bill was $64.. Sixty Four dollars compared to what we spent at Craftsteak! ($375). There simply was no comparison. As much as I think Gordon Ramsay is a pompous ass, (and I have eaten at  his restaurant London), there is something to be said for his philosophy of great, simple food. Craftsteak is good, but with the exception of the tartare, does not blow-me-away. They are missing the mark just a bit by trying to be an over the top. You are paying mostly for a name and a very posh atmosphere.   Considering the price and the quality of food, Nine Fine Irishmen was the winner for me. Granted, it's not a somber, fine dining experience, but I enjoy eating out to have a good time and a good meal, not just gawk at the decor and whisper in the amber glow of a restaurant that is bucking for a michelin star.
"Mc Intires!!!"   If Disneyland and some podunk Dublin pub had a love child, it would be "Nine Fine Irishmen"   I've never been to Ireland. The closest thing I've been to Ireland (or might ever be) was a hazy, boozy, nebulous Saturday / early Sunday that ended at this faker than fake Irish bar, inside the fake NY - Greenwich Village-esque part of NY-NY in Vegas.   The night went as your average, nonsense Sodom and Gomorrah , we are all going to die in a fiery wrath of Godly fireball, Vegas night. We hopped around from the Hard Rock , over to the grotto at the Wynn. Finally, one of my friends says "hey, let's go over to New York , New York"....It's one of my least favorite casinos in Vegas because knowing New York fairly well, it just seems cheesy.   So against my better wishes, this horde of liquored up stooges I call friends of mine make it to New York New York and try and go to "Bar at Times square". You know the one where you inevitably sing along to Wal-Mart renditions of Billy Joel and Elton John songs. That place was packed.   We walk around the urea a bit and stumble into "Nine Fine Irishmen" Well jumping Jehoshaphat! The decor was a mix of Vegas excess mixed with every two bit pub, dive and European styled watering hole you've ever been in. It was packed, loud and cracking' There was a live band eponomously named "The McIntires" and as far as I could tell, they were in fact Irish. Besides them and maybe the Guinness on tap being served there, they were the only true Irish element inside the "pub".   You know what, it didn't matter. They were playing rockous, Pogues inspired Irish Rock complete with Riverdancers. Chants of "when I say you, you yell Mc Intires!!" left my throat raw. We pounded about 3 pints of warm Guinness and for a minute, I actually believed I was in Lord of The Rings at the "Prancing Pony". The spell worked so well that I hardly noticed when about six or seven guys staged a faux Irish pub fight. How do I know it was fake and there to add to the realism of the joint? Well, they all of a sudden started "fighting" for no apparent reason to me (I was next to them) but not a single guy threw or landed a single punch. It looked like a standard playground fight when I was 5 years old.   The night ended with all of us beginning to speak Gaelic sprinkled with gibberish. Though the bathrooms were clean nobody cried, I still could have sworn I was in Ireland.   Be sure to catch the nightly staged midnight rabble.   Slaunte!
A major bonus for someone who loves a cool glass of cider: they have it here!!! Sure Vegas bars can provide you with all the highballs and sugary magaritas you can drink, but can they make your mouth pucker with apple deliciousness?? I think not.   The crowd is always fun and the upstairs area provides some quieter corners from the band's lively sets. Cover charge gets a no thanks but it's worth it in the end.
I ate here my 2nd night in Vegas for work during CES. It was Tuesday January 5th, 2010 and my bf suggested we go here for dinner his first night flying into Vegas to be there with me during my long ass work week. I've actually never dined at any of the restaurants in New York New York Hotel but BOY am I glad we went here! We had the Drunken Onion Rings to start off with and they were by the far the biggest onion rings I've ever had in my life! For my dinner entree I had the pan roasted red snapper and my bf ordered the pork porterhouse with this amazing chutney! Damn his food was good...don't get me wrong, my dinner was delicious as well. :) I also grubbed off of his side dish of mashed potatoes more than my own side dish of whipped sweet potatoes...they were both pretty awesome. All in all, the food was to die for and the entertainment and atmosphere was off the hook too! I'm definitely coming back here sometime in the future.
First night in Vegas:  After a very long flight, not really the flight but the delays in San Jose. I arrived in Las Vegas... about 90 minutes later than I had expected... I had already made reservations at Nine Fine Irishmen but I had to constantly push it back due to the delays... Finally got to the hotel and just threw my bags on the floor, didn't even change or wash up or anything, because I was absolutely famished!  My girlfriend and I walked over to NY NY and were greeted by one of the hosts there and asked us if we wanted to sit downstairs or upstairs. I asked which is louder and he offered to take us in and we could have our pick which was great. We decided to sit up stairs overlooking the stage where a band was playing a lot of Irish fare.  The decor and the audacity of the place is awesome. It's like Ireland threw up from across the pond and it all landed in this restaurant. I loved it from the minute we walked in.  Now on to dinner...  We started dinner off with the Drunken Onion Rings. Now I've had my fair share of onion rings in the past and I would have to say that these fat behemoths take the cake hands down. They were huge but they were cooked to perfection. The batter was amazing and the onions on the inside were cooked perfectly.  Now onto the entrees for the evening, my girlfriend decided on the Pan Roasted Red Snapper which looked out of sight and I'm sure was very tasty since there wasn't any left for me to even try. haha. And I had the Pork Porterhouse, which when it came out I was actually in shock. It was HUGE! And it tasted incredible, especially with the apple and peach chutney.  Side dishes, which I wish would have come with the meal instead of having to dish out another $5 each were great never the less. I ordered the colcannon mashed potatoes, which we both enjoyed immensely. And my girlfriend ordered the whipped sweet potatoes which were awesome too.  All in all, I'd have to say that this restaurant will most definitely be visited again the next time we are in Vegas!
You would think they would know how to pour a Guinness correctly . . . . after I got over this I enjoyed myself.
I'm Irish. I have been to Ireland. What drew me in was how Irish it was! Of course, being in Las Vegas it was done on an exceptionally grand scale. But seriously, it was like somebody built a giant pub in Ireland and imported it to Nevada. Very Cool.  My date and I had a very fun time sampling the different Irish Whiskey's which can be hard to find at your average restaurant not specializing in it. I also got him to try his first ever meat-pie. We split an order of the Rack of Lamb served with curry sauce and there was nothing left.   This restaurant was very appropriately place in NYNY so it fits in with the NY Irish American connection... I'm still trying to figure out why the Carnegie Deli is at the Mirage, though. =)
Every time I go to Vegas I seem to end up in this establishment on the first evening. Everything you expect in a good Irish bar. Food is quite good too. Great live music last night too!
My second time here and my hubby and I love this place! We love the ambiance, the live Irish music, and the hospitality. This time we were seated on the second floor in a private room which was really unique. We came here on a Tuesday night after the Zumanity show in the NYNY, and it was still loud and rowdy! Waiting for a table didn't take long either which was nice because we were starving! The food came quick! We ordered the steamed clams for an appetizer, and shared the Seafood Chowder and the Fish & Chips for dinner and we left very full! The only negative was that they were out of Harps on tap that night, it totally disappointed the hubby, he was so looking forward to it!
This is a fun place.  I love coming here when I go to Vegas.  Back in the day they never had a cover charge, but these days its usually $5 to get in on the weekends.  They usually have a live band playing Irish music, which is really fun.    The crowd here is on the older side; many people are in their forties or older.  This is not a place for younger people to go to pick up on chicks or to find a guy to go home with (unless you are into older people).  I usually come here with my friends just to have a chill, low-key time.
the drinks were good,the food was good. the dinners were enough to share. 2 couples we got 3 apps, and 2 entrees, 3 veggies and each had 2 drinks and our bill was $150-ish + tip. the food was good and the service was really good. cant remember the name of the wairtess (tall blond) she was great!! she gave us suggestions that were good!!
This place is fun.  The decor is authentic and amusing.  I tried their fried sausages appetizer and the Irish breakfast.  Everything tasted so good.  This place won't disappoint.  I was sick when I ate at NFI so I was unable to drink but they have good HH pricing on Guiness.
Irish music is really not my cup of tea. I do not really get it. The band is good but I am biased because my brother is friends with the band. The drinks are expensive but expect that from a strip property. The food looks great from what I saw. The crowd is a bit old. There is always an Asian lady in there singing Irish songs and having a great time. I appreciate her enthusiasm but she craves for way too much attention.
Frank is the BOMB at the bar! This place is so KOOL!! We ordered the steak sandwich and it was so good. Frank kept the drinks conning and again the food was awesome. This place was built in Scotland and then torn down and boxed up. They rebuilt it here in Vegas and I think it's something everyone should try at least once.
Pretty cool restaurant...with a great menu. Sat outside on the patio with a great view of the strip and up close and personal view of the rollercoaster. Ordered the Corned beef sandwich and they are very generous with the meat! Always a plus in my book.
Came here again Memorial Day Weekend.  No cover.  I love this place!  The live music was really fun times, and the dancer was really entertaining.  Can't beat live entertainment and Guinness.  To top it off, we ran into a friend here, completely unplanned.  Turns out he always hits up Nine Fine whenever he's in Vegas too.  Understandably.  The crowd was slightly younger on this particular weekend.  Still probably not the best place to go scouring for a hookup though.
Nine Fine Irishmen was an amazing restaurant.  It combined a great atmosphere, delicious food and even an Irish band!  We had the cheese dip with a variety of bread and it was a great appetizer.  For our entree's, I had the Shepard's PIe and my date had the fish and chips.  At first I didn't think the Shepard's Pie would be filling enough.  However, after eating a third of it, I realized how hearty those meat and potatoes were and it was a perfect amount.  I highly recommend Nine Fine Irishmen if you're looking for a great Irish Pub and unique experience in Vegas.
So much fun.  Just added the Irish Bangers to my list of food I've tried.  Delicious.  Always start with the beer and cheese dip, too...it's great!  Try to get there close to 9 so you can enjoy the band and the clogger.  Wish I lived closer so I could enjoy it more often.
I was very happy to find that Magners was a part of the happy hour promotion and was only $5.50 for a pint. This is a much better deal than Blondies or some other happy hours. They also have live music which was actually very appropriate and enjoyable. I'm just psyched to find cider anywhere, especially at happy hour. And the bar staff was totally nice. And the clientele was chill. Had a garden salad that was totally fine and the older guy next to me loved his heavier looking food.
Placed inside New York New York Hotel and Casino (with a patio outside overlooking the strip), Nine Fine Irishmen is an upscale Irish pub.  The food is fairly standard pub food with better quality ingredients.  Unfortunately, Nine Fine Irishmen charges strip prices for pub food--which is a little high for standard pub fare.  What makes Nine Fine Irishmen noteworthy is the layout of the two tiered space.  The restaurant is tightly laid out with tables close to one another.  From the second level, diners look down on the gorgeous bar and the busts of nine Irishmen--nine Irish revolutionaries from the 19th century.    The other thing that sets Nine Fine Irishmen apart is the fabulous selection of Irish whiskeys available behind the bar.  The early Irish referred to whiskey as "The Water Of Life".  Taste all the varieties at Nine Fine Irishmen and you might live forever.
Jesus I should start calling this our 2 star Vegas review  but dammit there are so many things that appear to be "if they are drinking" they wont pay any notice but it's getting a three a very very weak 3.   Drinks are not cheap here. $7.50 a pint for Magners but  given the rarity of a bar actually having some one becomes accustomed to it.  Cider = works :)    Food regrettably is inconsistent. The appetizers are big enough for two but both the potato chips and curry and the bread with melted cheese  are heavily biased in the favor of dipping items to sauce. In the potato wedge case you can barely fit the dam thing in the small, They were on the whole good enough.   My main meal of bangers and mash with mushroom gravy was surprisingly good it's hard to mess that up. Sadly my wifes "brie-stuffed" chicken was a dry as hell cheese under the skin concoction that was really light on the featured ingredient. They are either losing it all in the cooking  or more realistically they are being miserable bastards with it.  This dish accompanied by awful potatoes, additional charge, that were way runny .   You can tell a place that gives not a crap by the way they don't inquire about the fact that you are paying $20 for food that remains uneaten, surely that's about the biggest clue your customer could give you?  On the whole  inconsistent quality with pricing that would suggest otherwise.
I come here whenever in Vegas.  The Full Irish breakfast is killer here!!!  Some of the most homemade tasting black and white puddings.  Really spicy!! And of course, the best Guiness you'll find in the desert.  :). Go and enjoy a pint next time you're in Vegas!!!
This Bar was great if you're not ordering food or expecting a real Irish Pub.  The Chicken Pot Pie is made with Ala Vodka sauce.  They put pesto on the butter they serve with store bought Irish soda bread.  Fish and Chips are bland and served in a weird cone-thing.   The Shepard's Pie is made "new American."  They focus more on presentation than flavors.  It is the least authentic Irish Pub I've ever been to.    But if you're looking for an over priced drink, 9 Fine might be the place for you.
I had been advised by several folks I needed to try the fare here.  And being I didn't feel like driving any more after having spent the day going in to Utah it seemed like a good opportunity.  I have seen the place quite often with a waiting line at dinner time but it was a slow night so I got right in.  Being it was only 90 and a light breeze blowing as sunset was approaching I asked if there was a spot on the patio.  Turned out the patio was almost vacant and the bonus was it was a smoking patio.  Normally I would face away from the sidewalk but I decided to spend the evening staring back at the folks checking out my dinner.  :-)  I was torn between the chicken pot pie ($19.00) and the shepherd's pie and after being informed by the waiter I would be a better man than he if I could finish the chicken pot pie if I could finish it that is what I ordered.  I finished it but desert was out of the question as I waddled away.  I chose a pint of Harps to wash it down with.  The pie was good but different as I am not used to a tomato based gravy with chicken.  The service was excellent and friendly.  I got a chance to chat a bit with the waiter as his section on the patio was almost empty that early in the evening.  Going through the restaurant it was more of a crowded noisy atmosphere and a live band was playing.  This is one of those occasions I would prefer to add a 1/2 star.
A really cool bar and great atmosphere. The happy hour drink specials are good for Vegas without having to walk out onto the strip to get your beer. The crowd is really good here too. A great place to grab a drink!
Been to this bar about 10 times and every time I have had a great time. Just make sure there is a band playing and you are garaunteed to have a rip-roaring great time. Drinks are flowing and the Irish music is blaring. They even have an Irish dancer. The band even had a groupie, the last time we went. This is a real Irish Pub. I never ate here but I am sure the food is good. But if you are in the mood to have a great time and drink, this is definitely the place to be. Visit on a Friday or Saturday night and go early as the place is a wee bit small and it gets crowded. Park yourself next to the bar and start pounding the drinks. AWESOME!!!
good, made me feel like I was in Dublin.  Drunk now, will update soon. =D
delicious food!  cool setting!   fun!
Ah, yes, Nine Fine Irishmen...   Every time I go to Vegas, this is always on the list of places to go.  First off, the atmosphere is awesome. If you want a good pub-feel in your dining or drinking experience, this is the place.  Secondly, the music is always great! I haven't been in here once where the music didn't tap my shoe. I suggest going on a Thursday, Friday, or Saturday night when they have live music - it resonates through the entire building and provides a good ambiance to the evening.
2 free drinks came with my NYNY hotel suite. I was here 9/3/2010. Glad I choose this place to spend those drinks. The place was packed and a football match was going on the telly, everyone was watching.  Decor is nice at this place went upstairs with my girlfriend to enjoy our drinks. Even though the match was on and the place was packed we were still able to enjoy our drinks upstairs in relative peace.   Great pub. All pieces and parts direct from Ireland.
Terrible service. We went in around 2:00 PM on a Monday.   We sat and sat and sat at the bar and no one took our order so we left without ordering.
Irish potatoes!  Wow these were good homemade potato chips - some thin, some thick, and some more like potato wedges.  Two curries was a nice dipping experience, and the appetizer paired will with the beer offerings.  Not sure whether the Irish accents were authentic behind the bar but it was good enough.  Surprisingly this place has a decent happy hour with both appetizer specials and beer specials.
The service was slow and the food mediocre.  Our party of 5 hungry ladies were left to sit and wait at the Guinness tap table (which in and of itself was cool).    The cheese fondue was not too impressive.  Our order took quite a while to come out and they forgot one of my friend's side of fries.  The decor reminded us of the haunted mansion in Disneyland.    It served it's purpose of filling up some hungry bellies, but I would probably choose elsewhere next time.
The last morning of our annual Vegas trip (actually, it was almost noon by the time we checked out), we walked around New York New York with a hankering for breakfast.  And beer... we also thought of beer.  Nine Fine Irishmen!  The dimly lit interior was a little off-putting when we knew it was bright mid-day outside, but the faux-"countryside" Irish pub decor was charming, the hostesses and wait-staff very friendly, and the menu intriguing. We were seated in a cozy corner booth and eagerly waited upon. We started "breakfast" with two beers, "we have to" Sarah insisted; a Guinness over Magners for her, a Boddington pub ale for me.  Sarah ordered the [starter] Guinness braised beef and mushroom pies w/ tomato relish and chive dressing and [breakfast] stack of pancakes with strawberries. I got the [traditions] Irish breakfast of two eggs, rashers of bacon, bangers, black & white puddings, roasted tomato and sauted mushrooms. Great service - I didn't know what black and white puddings were and inquired; the server said "blood sausage" in a delicate manner, commenting that the name dissuades some people from trying it. Glancing over at Sarah, we cheer "It sounds good! We're all about that!"  While you wait, they bring out a big overflowing basket of crusty bread and big triangular wedges of butter. One could get full on that alone.  By Sarah's estimation, the meat pies, after some giggling ponderance, tastes like (and this is not a knock, more like pleasantly reminiscent of) McD's cheeseburgers! The fried pastry shell, tender meaty filling, the tomato relish, the chive dressing... it comes together like a cheeseburger with ketchup and pickles!  The stack of pancakes with strawberry compote and whipped cream was an eyeful. The cakes themselves were large and fluffy, griddled to a crispy exterior. The strawberry compote wasn't overly sweet or syrupy, retaining a tangy snap of fresh fruit. Add a big dollop of whipped cream and there was little need for syrup at all.  My Irish breakfast plate was simple and straightforward. A couple of cooked-to-order eggs, strips of bacon, serving of rashers (like corned beef hash?), a sausage, the black and white puddings (a dark and a light blood sausage), and a whole roasted tomato. Clean and comforting breakfast staples. With the pint of Bodington and a slice or two of buttered bread, its a hearty meal, perfect for those hazy hungover mornings.  A good find to mark the end a good time. A fun restaurant in one of my fave hotels. I'll definitely be coming back here again. _______________________________________ Sarah out-drank me two pints to one at breakfast!! Ah, Vegas! All about beating the odds!
We made a trip from the other end of the strip to go here, but guess what?  Sat and sat in the bar and couldn't get waited on!  We finally just left.  How many other customers and how much money are they losing because of poor service?
We went here for my 30th birthday dinner this past Saturday.  I am SO glad I made reservations a couple of days ahead of time because the place was packed.  We were even running late and I called so they wouldn't give the table away, which they appreciated.    A couple of things happened that prevented me from giving it 5 stars.  First off the reason I booked this place was because of the live music on Saturday nights.  Well, we must have been there too early because they had the ball game on instead.  Second, we ordered 3 drinks from the bar.  My friend got his right away but my boyfriend and I didn't even get our Guinnesses until after we got our meal 20 minutes later and that was after we reminded our server that we still needed our drinks.     Anyways, I had the Shepards Pie and it was very very good!  The meat had a wonderful flavor.  We will definitlely be back!
One of my favorite places in Las Vegas!  Great food, great music, great beer and a great crowd.  I thoroughly enjoy this place.  I wish there was something similar in Los Angeles.  The band was so good last time, I didn't wanna leave the place.  I went in for dinner and ended up staying until the band finished playing.
BEER!!!  BEER!!!!  I love me beer, i love alcohol in general but love a nice cold beer straight from the KEG.    I don't like Corona (yes I know I am Mexican), Bud Light, Coors or Budweiser.  But give me a cold HARP, Guiness, or Stella any day of the week.    Nine Fine Irishmen has a great selection of beers and they serve it to you in their respective glasses.  They have live entertainment where they bring in Irish bands to play for you at night.,  So if you can come early since there is a cover charge late at night.    The decor makes you feel like you are in Ireland....granted never been to Ireland but I am sure that it looks something like Nine Fine Irishmen.  I am only going off what I have seen on TV also.    I agree with Scot E.  I wish there was something like this in Los Angeles, but until then I will keep coming back here as often as possible.
When my coworkers wanted to come here, I have to admit that I wasn't super excited.  SHAME ON ME!!  I didn't know what I was missing but now that I know how amazing this place is, I will never miss out again.  I tried several things last night because we all like to share and each thing was delicious.  I had the ribeye which was great with a side of cream corn that made me want to lick the bowl.  My boss had the fish and chips - I can never eat another fish and chips again because this one was mind blowing.  The fish was perfectly fried and fresh - and it was huge.  My coworker had the shepherd pie - I took a huge spoonful and then longing stared as he finished it.  It was so creamy and good - and it's not usually my thing.  My coworker ordered the baked brie - love the combo of the baked brie with the balsamic sauce - it gave it a little extra something.  I left there unbelievable stuffed but so happy that I had found a new little delicious heaven.
Went here for a group party and had some heavy appetizers and beer.  The selection of beers were good and the appetizers were well made but average.  Overall I was not impressed by the food or the beer (after all it is beer you can get at other places even if it is a good selection).  BUT, the reason that this place gets 5 stars from me (not a common thing) was the band. Sin e Ri Ra was outstanding.  The music was amazing and the woman they have performing traditional irish step dancing while they play is great.  The entertainment at this place was top notch.  I would have paid just to see them perform and they are the highlight of the bar and the only real reason I would return.
I have a feeling the family and I came here on an off night recently during our Vegas vacation. For me, the best part of dinner was my Black and Tan. For my wife, it was probably the Heirloom Tomato Salad. The rest of the meal was pretty forgettable.   Here's what we ordered:  Guinness braised beef and mushroom pies with tomato relish and chive dressing -- nothing I would order again...pretty bland...not what we were expecting.  Heirloom tomatoes with goat, blue and farmhouse cheeses marinated in extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar -- probably our favorite part of the night...nice tomatoes and cheeses...pretty yummy.  Cashel Blue cheese crusted NY strip with au jus -- this was a disaster...ordered it medium rare, but it came out well done...sent it back and as I jokingly predicted to my wife that it would come back to rare because the cook would be too afraid to over cook it again...unfortunately, I was right...second steak came back black 'n blue...looked almost like a piece of seared ahi...but hell, it was better than an overcooked piece of meat, but much to rare for my taste...we ate a little bit of it and left the rest.  This is a cool place and I'd definitely go back for drinks. For lunch or dinner...probably not again after this experience.
Traditional Irish pub with the great selection on tap and outside seating with view of the strip.
The hubby and I came here for an earlier than early bird dinner on a quite Wednesday night.  I feel like when all these reviews I missed a good portion of what this place really had to offer, still I had a great dinner.  Half the place looked closed down and the upstairs area was roped off.  The stage was closed down with a projected basketball game going on in the pub area.  We were seated towards the back in a little kitchy table that was one half love seat, one half dining table.  I loved all the stuff hanging from the walls.  While we were near the bar it seemed very cozy.    After a few late lunch crowd folks finished up we had the dining room to ourselves.  Hubby had the fish and chips and I ordered the Shepard's pie.  The server asked if I wanted the Irish cheese on top and even though I'm not a big cheese fan I said yes.  I'm so glad she asked because it was so good taking big fork fulls of the gooey cheese out of the little tin pot it comes in.  The serving itself was quite large and because it was so good I wish I could have finished it.  Even with the human vacuum cleaner with me, we still couldn't get to the bottom of it.  If you order appetizers, the Shepard's pie could be split and both people could be well fed.  I would definitely come back to this place just because of the pie.  Service was really great too.  It was about 60 bucks for the two of us, with tip and drinks without an appetizer.  Well worth the price.
Tourist Trap  and Worst Pub Ever! Place looks like a poor version of a pub set not a real venue and the service was horrible (had to hunt down on straw and napkins). Most of all it was far beyond overpriced. Case and point: watered down double shot of Bailey's was $20!!!  Was excited but now disappointed that this place got our money!!
This was my second visit to Nine Fine Irishmen, and for some reason much less enjoyable than the first.  Maybe I needed a few drinks before dinner, but on this trip I found the wait staff less attentive and the food less satisfying than before.  The shepherd's pie was good, but no better than a handful of restaurants in OC with British pub-style fare.  I'd probably recommend this for a good pint of Guinness, but perhaps not for a meal.  We had to wait 15 minues to be seated upstairs, which was mostly empty when they led us to the table.  It doesn't help that the New York New York casino is starting to feel past its prime.    There are many much better offerings available in Vegas, so I would not enthusiastically recommend this restaurant anymore.
My chicken pot pie not very good at all. the crust was soft and soggy and the pie was more like a soup. the flavor was terrible The Shepherds pie was better. The place is a nice and has a nice outdoor patio
The wife and I were staying at New York New York for the night, and wanted to try something new. Sure enough, Nine Fine Irishmen was definitely something new. The place itself is set up to be unique and stylish in its own kind of way. Its like a pub, with its own Irish twist to it. Even though it may have been a small place, the layout and scenery made the place interesting. I really like the uniqueness of the dining area and the service was good.   Of course, going to a restaurant, where I have no clue what is on the menu. It sure does bring your curiosity level to new heights. But, I decided to have the Fish and Chips, which is probably the only thing I recognize on the menu. Also a great tasting Gaelic Punch, an alcoholic drink with Cruzan Banana Rum, Malibu, Midori, Raspicello, OJ, Pineapple, and splash of Sierra Mist, is a drink I would like to have again. The Fish and Chip was great, but when the wife shared her Shepard Pie, which was a big portion for her to finish. I just love the way it tasted.  I wish I was more curious to order a Shepard's Pie, then the Fish and Chip. If I could, I would of finish the Shepard Pie, but I after indulging my Fish and some chips, I was a bit full to finish that Shepard Pie. With the fact of us being full, we were unable to have dessert. But how things turned out to be, I'm sure dessert would of been "icing on the cake".   This was a new experience for me, which I totally approve on going to, and seeing it for yourself. Sure enough, I do plan to revisit this place and order me my own Shepard Pie, Gaelic Punch and next time around, I'll even order a dessert regardless how full I am.
My three friends and I stopped in to grab an early dinner at 4:00pm before a Cirque show at 7:30pm. We were here for two hours.  The hostess showed us to the table and said if we wanted to eat outside instead of inside we could choose a table. When we went outside we were ambushed by three waiters who were very pissed that we took it upon ourselves to change tables. Another waiter came up and thankfully diffused the situation. I wish he would have been our waiter as it was apparently it was our waiter's first day. He forgot to put our appetizer orders in and we ended up getting our entrees after 45 minutes. The food was lackluster. I've had better Shepherd's Pie at The Cheesecake Factory.  Our waiter tried to make it up to us by saying dessert would be complimentary since he messed up with the appetizers. Well, he redeemed himself we all thought. We each were going to order a dessert since we each ordered an appetizer. When he came back to take our order he THEN clarified that ONE dessert would be comp'd. We only ended up ordering two to share between the four of us. When he brought the desserts out he explained that he still felt badly about the appetizer debacle and was going to comp both desserts. Well fine then. Whatever. He tried.  Our dinner was over just after 6:00pm and we did not have a car and our hotel was at the other end of the strip. We hurried back to our hotel to change and then hurried (practically ran) back to NY NY to see the Cirque show. Somewhere in MGM the pads of my feet gave out and turned into two HUGE blisters. I was miserable the remainder of the weekend. (They still hurt mind you.)  The next day I checked my bank account and realized I was charged twice. I called and spoke with the manager/chef who was SO nice and friendly. It was straightened out very quickly however I was out $120 while it was pending in my account the entire weekend.  I don't think I would eat here again after the long dinner that literally ruined my vacation. I am very thankful that the manager/chef was able to straighten everything out.
This place reminded me the scene from "PS-I love You" when their at a bar in Dublin. It was so cute! I had soup, which was great, and filled me up to the point where I couldn't even finish my meal, which was mac & cheese, and was not to shabby! They had a live irish band at around 6:30pm, but unfortunately I couldn't stay for that. But, I'd recommend grabbing a beer and meal while listening to a live irish band!
Under the spell of folkloric herbs, and surrounded by a cohort that gets just as munchy as me, and add to that my Irish-o'-philia, I was pretty set here.  Live Irish music coming from downstairs. A very bubbley, good-mood waitress (wish she had an Irish accent, if I'm honest), killer onion mashed potatoes and macaroni sides, I am having massive trouble remembering what my main dish was. If I remember it, I'll put it in.  4.5 stars really, because I found the food way too expensive for what it was. $91 for two people, even for Vegas, was much.  I'm kind of siding with the rest of my menagerie that was not as messed up: they all moaned and groaned in delight, and that affected, positively, my opinion of the place.  New York New York is not exactly my favorite Casino, or anything, but I am really glad I went here. I was fed well, albeit for a little too much money. Go with friends and try everything, you will be astonished by how comforting this food is.
Good for a Guinness and a couple of apps. We were there for Happy Hour, and the price was right for a break from the New York New York gaming floor.  We didn't get further than the bar area, so this review has nothing to do with the rest of the restaurant. The potatoes with 2 curry dipping sauces were delicious!
Great environment, draft and bartenders
I always saw this place but never bothered to try it out until my last Vegas adventure.  Ended up eating here twice during my stay and was NOT disappointed.  First night was during a Live Irish band and it was fun watching these two guys dance battling on the floor! My spice grilled pork porterhouse with apple and peach chutney was well worth the wait (as the waitress had advised)! The King cut bone-in ribeye with roasted shallots and baby tomatoes was also mouth watering! Sides are so yummy and great to share so get two of them! Then for the following lunch went with seafood chowder and irish beer and cheese dip with an assortment of bread.  Seafood chowder tasted creamy and the clams, mussles and fish were soaked in the creamy white wine broth.  And is it just me or does beer just taste so much better on tap?
Very quick seating and service with a reservation called from out of town the week before, otherwise would have been busy.  Was feeling a little queasy from NYE so this really hit the spot and cured what ailed me: basic but upgraded standards, with a salad, Shepard's Pie (potatos very moist and rich, unlike the standard dry overcooked variety), rich enough that we didn't need desert.  Companion got a great halibut with rich sauce and a crusty covering.  Just right, moderately priced.  Felt like a separate little island of an Irish pub away from the blaring casinos and bouncing boobs right outside, close enough to Zumanity to run there right after!
I can't seem to go to Las Vegas and not stop in this place. It has never failed for a good time when I want a drink and a good time without getting on the fancy shirt.  Like most places I am a fan of, there is live music which is pretty good and a casual atmosphere. The music is mostly Irish folk songs and easily blended recent covers with a lovely young woman dancing traditional Irish dance on stage (her feet are dizzying fast.) As many other Irish pubs there is wood decor, Guinness on tap, and a sprinkle of the nightly drunken fistfight. I think they serve food too, although i have never been there to eat. I will see you again my Nine friends.
This place is really as good as it can get in Vegas.    The service was quick, the decor as nice as an Irish pub can be and the food was delicious.  My yummy Shepherd's Pie came in a bucket and my friend said his red snapper was just like the one we had in Belize, Quite a compliment from a guy who caught the red snapper himself  in the morning and had it served in a restaurant that evening.   Drinks were strong and music great. I'll be back!
I can only comment on the gift shop of this place. I had exemplary customer service! Razel was extremely helpful with assisting me in my t-shirt selection. 2 for $25-Perfect deal! They had some really funny ones- I chose to get the "Save a Horse Ride and Irishman" and the "Irish Foreplay" tees. Great present for the oh-so Irish boyfriend! I would definitely stop here again!
One of our favorite places to visit when we head to Las Vegas.   The food is quite good. I had the fish and chips and also tried someone elses macaroni and cheese. The fish had a nice batter and was great in the tartar sauce.  Although they only give you one small dipping portion, so another needed to be requested.   The band that plays nights on weekends is fantastic !!!
Nice Irish bar but crazy expensive. Worth a visit for a beer and then punch out. They usually have decent live music.
another must stop Irish bar in LV...hard to get into on St. Patricks Day so go early and stay late.
Hostess sent us upstairs since we wanted appetizers and drinks.  We headed up and were met by a very rude bartender upstairs.  He was not interested in finding us a place to seat. We asked about a table near the bar and were told to go downstairs and ask the hostress. Downstairs, we were told it was for dinner and if we were only eating appetizers we couldn't sit there.
WOW!!  This place was amazing.  Sausage appetizer was the best, my wife and I were full after that, THEN came out an amazing meal.  She had traditional fish & chips, nothing fancy.  I had the open face steak sandwich.  Best meal we had in Las Vegas!  Wanted to come back at night but didn't make it.  Must do this for lunch at least.
The decor was original and spectacular. We enjoyed a very nice love seat setting around from the main entertainment. I enjoyed the Sheppard's pie and Guinness. The live musical entertainment was very authentic. Overall a nice dinning experience.
So my boyfriend and I went here on a Friday night for dinner around 730.. The place wasn't too crowded and we were seated immediately.   I really liked the atmosphere and overall decor and feeling of this place... And my boyfriend loved this place!  The only reason i'm giving it 3 stars is because of the food.. IT GOT ME SICK! Drinks and everything else are great!  We ordered the Fish and Chips (typical white fish and good tartar sauce) and Steamed clams (in a tomato garlic sauce)... Both were good initially but moments after we had finished eating i felt sick to my stomach.  It's weird because we both shared food, but maybe one of my clams was bad? not sure.   Regardless, The place is cool but not sure if i would come back here and have dinner..
I try to visit this pub on every Vegas trip, and it never disappoints! Fun, laid back place to hang out. The bartenders are pretty cool and the drinks are great (try the Michael Collins martini - YUM)!  Firefighters love the place, evidenced by all the patches and other decor they've brought in over the years.   The house Irish band Sin E Ri-Ra is fantastic and really know how to get the energy and camaraderie going! It's a refreshing place to visit while in the land of cocaine and hookers, and one of the those fun places where you'll have made a dozen new friends by the time you stagger out the door. Definitely check it out, it's mighty craik!
They have a nice patio to dine, drink and watch the strip. So when they told me it would be 10 minutes til we could be seated for dinner it was strange that the beeper would not work on the patio. When I asked if they could come and get me on the patio, about 76 feet from them I was told it was to busy. O.K. The food was not bad but pricey, as is typical of food on the strip. It was well prepared. The service was sad. We had a party of 7 so were required to pay a mandatory gratuity, so our waitress figured she was going to get her tip regardless so she spent her time somewhere else. We saw her once when we ordered, then again 45 minutes later when out meal arrived.  Good pub grub with a gamble on the service.
This was the last place we went on our spring break trip to Vegas. It was a perfect way to wrap up the trip--relaxing and exciting all in one.  I am a beer girl, so it was nice to sit and enjoy a beer with some live music.    It was crowded, but not annoying.  It was loud, but the band was GREAT. It was fun, but not sensory overload.  I loved this place. Our initial bartender was even a bit on the snotty side and that didn't bring the review down! While I was disappointed in her and a bit frustrated that she was not being nice AT ALL, I still really loved my experience. The other bartender was much nicer and was even willing to see if he could squeeze in another order of fries, when he was pretty sure that the kitchen was closed--of course, the unlikeable bartender shot that idea down.  Even so: I'm. still. thrilled.
We had a big group, about 15. The service was excellent, quick and very nice! The food was very tasty and the live music was a great treat! A good choice for a group on the strip!
Nine Fine Irishmen is one of my favorite restaurants/pubs in Las Vegas! If there is somewhere I could go everyday of my life, it would be this pub. I cannot say enough incredible things about this restaurant to do it justice.  My boyfriend and I have been here several times, the first time being one year before we moved to Vegas from Chicago. Coming from a city filled to the brim with Irish Pubs (our favorite is Celtic Crossing downtown), we searched high and low for a great pub to relax and have some Guinness. Nine Fine Irishmen was perfect on many different levels.   1. They have a gluten-free menu. I'm not talking about a junk gluten-free menu that has you substitute or remove certain parts of a dish and are flavorless yet expensive. This gluten-free menu IS THE BEST! Sheperd's Pie? Gluten-free. Seafood Chowder (another soup that finds its way into my food dreams at night)? Gluten-free. AMAZING SALMON SALAD - GLUTEN-FREE! The brie-stuffed chicken? Gluten-Free! JOY!  2. Live Irish Music. Need I say anything more? Good quality, authentic, Irish music including dancers and sometimes bagpipes. You can NEVER complain about this music, and it provides a nice background while sitting out on the patio watching the crowds go by.  3. Whiskey and Beer. Guinness on-tap AT THE TABLE. No further description necessary.  4. Service: Fantastic. Every single time. Friendly, informative and always attentive, even when they're busy at night. I've never had anything less than great service at NFI.  5. The BEST Jameson Martini I have ever had in my life. My boyfriend's family is Scottish (amongst other things), so the man loves his whiskey. When you take Jameson (one of my favorites), add some apple juice, a little pucker and one other ingredient, you get the ultimate mantini in martini form! You can be the most masculine man and still enjoy this FANTASTIC concotion without feeling even a bit feminine.   Bottom line? Go there. Now. Immediately. Do not pass go, just get a martini, sit on the patio listening to the live music and get fat and happy.
I am a huge fan of Pubs especially when the bartender's response when you order a Snakebite is "With Guinness or Harp?" That is my kind of pub! Some friends and I went on a week night and were surprised how packed it was for such an early hour. We waited a while for a table and we were actually leaving right as the live music started.  Food portions are huge and absolutely delicious! Our original intent was to go to a club later in the evening but we were far too full from all the yummy food we devoured at Nine Fine Irishmen. I can't wait to return on my next trip to Vegas!
This is so far my favorite Irish restaurant/pub in Vegas.  It's on the Strip, so they're always busy and the food is a little overpriced, but it's well-worth going.  Food: The portions are big, so wear your loose pants!  Their beer battered onion rings are the BEST onion rings I've ever had - I go here just to have them.  The horseradish crusted halibut is also a must try - not too fishy and so much flavor!  Get the goat cheese mashed potatoes while you're at it....cheesy goodness!  The shepherd's pie is really good, but not the best I've ever had.  Atmosphere: They've got live Irish music, which makes for a fun & noisy atmosphere - don't go here for a quiet, romantic dinner :)  I prefer to sit upstairs because it's somewhat quieter and darker up there.
If I were a judge on Iron Chef, I would be giving this place some major points for presentation!  My boyfriend's shepherd's pie came in a hot metal bucket, and my fish and chips came in a very large cone stand.  And it was all delicious too!  We came here for lunch, and decided the food was a bit too heavy and expensive for lunch... but we left here so full that we didn't want dinner later, so I guess we got enough bang for our buck!  The food was good, they had all of the draught selections you would expect from an Irish pub, our waitress was friendly and quick, and our meal was delicious.  A bit pricier than it would be to order the same meal back home, but hey... that's Vegas!
Did not get to stay long.  Popped in for a quick drink before our Vegas wedding renewal and took about 10 minutes for someone to get our order.  Immediately after the drinks came they sent out a bottle of champagne!  How nice!  I wish we could have stuck around to enjoy it, but the limo showed up and off we went.  Looked like a lot of fun.
The food was pretty good, but for the price ; the portions could be bigger. Environment is nice and fancy.  Service is great.  I got the corn beef sandwich. It's good, don't forget to add the mustard, vinegar, and BBQ sauce( gotta ask them for it).  My friend ordered the goat cheese salad. The portion was small; but the salad was good.
Visited here on Superbowl weekend, I'd heard great things about this place and it certainly lived up to my high expectations. A  fantastic pint of Guinness, lovely food and a really nice atmosphere, the staff were really friendly, put this place on your Vegas to do list.
Just came here for happy hour and ordered 2 items + beer:  -Ale battered and spicy sausages with sides of Guinness and honey mustard dipping sauces , and  -Guinness braised beef and mushroom pies with tomato relish and chive dressing   DELICIOUS. SO GOOD. I LEFT SO FULL. We didn't even eat all of it. If you've been reading my reviews, you can come to the conclusion that my stomach is very small haha. I wish I could have tried more things, but I didn't want to burst! There's always next time when I come to Vegas...:)
What a great place! I've been to Nine Fine Irishmen on previous Vegas trips and decided to have my birthday dinner there. I'd made reservations for our party for the outside area and when the temperature dropped and surprised everyone, they called me to ask if I wanted to be inside. Great!   We all fought over the appetizers of the beer and cheese dip and the battered and spicy sausages. Everyone loved what they ordered for dinner. I had the cider braised salmon (and I don't really like fish) and it was fantastic! I didn't hear any complaints around the table at all. They even surprised me with a bread pudding that looked marvelous - but nobody wanted any after their dinner.   We were upstairs overlooking the band floor so we got to enjoy a bit of that too. I wish I could have stayed longer.
With reviews like this I was expecting to never want to leave this place.  We went for breakfast and I won't go making this a destination for early morning fare ever again.  I'm not docking stars for limited B, just reviewing based on what we ate which was BREAKFAST BEYOND BLAND.  Decor is delightful and they do have outdoor strip seating, but you're better off sticking to the liquid and saving up for a buffet.    Ham/egg/cheese on ciabatta was $13   Irish breakfast (size and quality of Dennys) will run you $16
I always try my hardest to come here while I'm in Vegas.   I have a soft spot for Irish bars to begin with but I really appreciate NFI; its nice to get away from all the glitz and glamor of this city that begins to suffocate you after a while.   I'm not Irish nor have I been to Ireland so i can't comment on the authenticity of this place; however, I can tell you that the decor and staff attire looks Irish, the atmosphere is friendly, entertaining, the food is outstanding (order the pork porterhouse--trust me) and they pour a proper guinness with a  foam clover. That being said, I'm pretty sure that Ireland would have no problem claiming this place.   The prices are predictably high but consistent with Vegas strip prices. Come during happy hour if you're here on a budget--NFI does have good HR deals.   Bottom line, come hungry, come thirsty, come here anxious to have fun--I guarantee a good time.   Cheers and enjoy!
I've been here a ton of times and enjoyed Nine Fine Irishmen, but my last visit wasn't the best. We were coming back in the late evening (9-ish) from a show and wanted to eat. They sat us in no man's land where apparently not only were there no other diners, there were also no servers. Yikes!  We waited for a long time before finally flagging someone down. We shared the sausage appetizers. Good for the first few bites but damn, that's a lot of sausage! I know, I know... that's what she said.  Anyway, the sausage became pretty one note and we ended up not finishing it or ordering anything else. Our server disappeared again, pretty much never to be seen or heard from again.  I will say though that I've had some pretty rockin' food here in the past. Their sandwiches are good, especially the curried chicken.   Would I hit up Nine Fine again? Probably, but during daylight hours and I'd insist on having an actual server.
I came here on a recommendation that the fish and chips were better than another place that I love.  So I was expecting to be blown away, I was greatly disappointed.  Not only were the fish and chips not better than the other place I love it they just weren't that good.  The fish was really bland almost as if the batter was just flour and beer, it was just flavorless.  Of the multiple orders of fish and chips we ordered several pieces had that layer of skin that would be left if you pretty much only removed the scales.  It's ok to eat, but it was kind of like eating a sheet of something brittle between the fish meat and the batter.  Another piece was soggy and when picking it up the skin just tore away chunks of fish fell off.  We were all disappointed in the fish and chips.  If they tasted better, they would have been a great deal, three large pieces of fish for about $16 bucks.  If you are looking for fish and chips look else where, the other food might be better, but I won't be coming back to find out.
Nine Fine Irishmen is a hopping bar right off of the main gambling hall at the New York New York Casino.  Although there are not a ton of real "authentic" places in Las Vegas, this place actually does a pretty good job of giving you the Irish Pub experience.  Dark wood finishes, high-top tables, and live Irish music definitely all contribute to a pretty good ambiance and a great place to get a beer.  On my brother's bachelor party weekend, we started the festivities off here with a low key bucket of Buds (I know, not very Irish, but you gotta start somewhere).  $25 for 5 beers wasn't too over-priced, plus they had a menu of bar food available.  We tried one of the sampler plates, which was delicious but was disappointingly served to us in a plastic take-out container with no plates and limited silverware.  I don't know if we were closing the kitchen out or something, but I figured they could have done a little better than that.  At the end of the day, we were neither hungry nor thirsty when we left, so I think Nine Fine Irishmen was worth it.
5 stars, because this is the place where my husband and I had our first date, back in 2005. So, how could it NOT get 5 stars!   Every time we're in Vegas, we always make sure to stop by Nine Fine Irishmen at least once, for old time's sake. And it's always consistently good. In fact, it's always just the same as we've left it - same house band, same menu, same drink prices. And to be honest, that's not a bad thing. We always know that we're going to enjoy ourselves, and relive fun moments from our past.   Drinks are somewhat pricey; it's Vegas. They do often measure their pours, though, which is annoying. The food is alright, but we don't come here to eat - we come to drink, soak up the atmosphere, and listen to the band. Since the band takes requests, one of our favorite activities is to play "stump the band" and request all of the obscure Irish songs we can think of. It's fun, though, when they actually know one!   The bartenders aren't really outgoing, but they do keep everyone well hydrated. The atmosphere isn't really like what you'd find in a pub IN Ireland (it's a little too upscale for that), but Nine Fine Irishmen still does a good job of creating a fun, pub atmosphere, and is a good change from the standard Vegas craziness. You definitely don't feel like you're in Las Vegas...until you step out the door! I prefer to sit at the bar downstairs, but the upstairs area is nice as well, especially if you're having a meal. Downstairs can get a bit rowdy and loud as the evening goes on.   I do have to admit that there's another pub in Vegas that has recently stolen my heart, but Nine Fine Irishmen will always be special to me, and I know each time we visit will be as good as the last. I'm already looking forward to the next time we stop in.
Came here twice during our Memorial Day weekend in Vegas.  Our friends stayed at the New York New York and recommended this place for some drinks and Irish fare.  As far as the Irish feel this place definitely came through.  Dining inside we actually forgot we were in Vegas for a second and were in a old school pub in Ireland instead.  The Guinness beer on tap  is a winner.  Having a couple of pints, I also ordered ale battered and spicy sausages.  What's better than fried sausages?  Heart attack paradise anyone?  Kidding a side.  They were awesome. Second time we dined here.  I pretty much had the same thing.  I did have a different variation of Guinness though.  This time I had Guinness with a blond ale.  It was called a Yellow Jacket.  So good, I had another.  Besides a different variation of my drink choice.  We sat outside on the patio facing the main strip.  Not so much the Irish feel but still a good time onlooking Las Vegas Boulevard, the bright lights and people partying.  They also had a live band playing Irish folk music that night.  You could hear the music out on the street.  Something about Irish music that puts you in the mood to drink Guinness and get rowdy.  Definitely the next time we are in Vegas.  We are coming to the Nine Fine Irishmen again.  This place is a real Irish pub in the middle of the Vegas strip.
I remember a few years back I really wanted to come to Nine Fine Irishmen....Some fascination with an Irish pub because my then boyfriend was Irish. HMMM.....just like that relationship, Nine Fine Irishmen left me...totally dissatisfied. The idea is right but just poorly executed.   We ordered the Curry Chicken Salad Sandwich and the Fish and chips...The Curry Chicken was in one word: weird. Texturally, like eating paper mache with chunks of raisins in it. PUKE. My fish and chips were soggy and miserable. UGGGG. Susan and I ended up pushing our plates away. The only dish that kept us from walking out was the Beer Cheese Dip that we ordered. It was cheesy and tasty and had bread, crackers and breadsticks to dip.   All in all-we spent $75 for cheese dip. Ridiculously a waste of money and time. A pretty cool looking pub to take some snaps but I would never suggest eating here.
A nice New York-style Irish Pub.  It has all the authenticity of your typical American Irish Pub, so little nooks to sit in, decent selection of beer, and "Irish" music.  We had lunch here, the food was ok to good but the service was mixed.  Our group ordered a variety of dishes and no one complained but no one raved either.  Our waitress managed to mix up drink orders, our bill and confuse a dessert with a pint of Guinness; and seemed to disappear after we asked for the bill.  But we were seated right quick and she would appear to refill drinks and check on us at good intervals.  If you want a place to sit down and eat, and not feel rushed to get back on the gaming floor, this'll do.
We had an amazing dining experience at nine fine irishmen.  The atmosphere was wonderful, the music was perfect (just wish there were fewer breaks between songs!), the food was delicious, presentation was exquisite... and to top it off- our waiter was irish with an irish accent!  It just put the experience over the top for us. NFI will definitely be a tradition every time we head out to vegas.  It was the highlight of my trip.  ASK FOR CORY AS YOUR SERVER!  Portions are huge!  Suggestions on the menu: Mac and cheese as a side was good if you like cheesy Shepard's pie was excellent Chicken pot pie was very creamy Pork porterhouse was sweat and very flavorful Fish and chips were excellent Fried sausages were very good
Well,  Ambiance was great, service terrible, entrees terrible. The server never brought our appetizer. We had to ask another server to get drinks. We order a shepherds pie and a chicken pot pie. The shepherds was at least edible. The chicken pot pie was not.
Very cool Irish pub in New York New York!  Great beer selection, great atmosphere and nice servers.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. I am not one of those girls that gets all dolled up to go out to the clubs kinda things, but I do like to drink and mingle and enjoy some good music and NINE FINE IRISHMEN is the place to do that.   I went here on a Monday night when they had an Irish band playing who was really good. The took request and played the ones that they knew, which was a lot I was pleasantly surprised. We drank a many Guinness and danced to the Irish music. The entire group I was with had a good time. Now I did not eat any food here, as I was on a liquid diet here so I can not review on that. I was here for the drinking and the music which both were beyond awesome.   Other great things about this place is that there were plenty of table to sit down at and talk while the band played. Also while the music is playing there is a girl who comes up and does some professional Irish dancing on a stage which was impressive. Made me wish I could Irish jig just like her.   So if you like music and livations but don't want to get all super dressed up and go out to the meat markets then definitely try this place. I will be when I go back.
Their patio had a great view of the strip, and the live band and dancer was pretty cool. My husband and I were not very impressed with the food though. It seems like a great place to go for a drink, but maybe skip dinner here.
Too bad I didn't get to enjoy the 9 for some evening of Irish music and fun.... =(  I did get to eat here for lunch and really like their Irish Banger Dish... bomb sausage and mashed potatoes with goat cheese! Then order a pint of Black Velvet to go along with all that food!  It's also cheaper than Wolfgang at the MGM.
What a fine place this is, Great eats, beers to choose from, this place really comes alive on the weekends with a live band and upbeat songs to dance to. This Is a nice little spot to come to before the night climaxes.
Given our restaurant experience in Vegas is fairly limited compared to the opportunities available, this is our favorite restaurant and we always make a point to visit when we're in town.   Our first trip was phenomenal: We sat in a secluded section of the restaurant that houses a couple booths and were lucky to have the area to ourselves for most of our meal. The beer cheese appetizer was delicious, ESPECIALLY the pretzel bread. Sadly, they've since discontinued offering the pretzel bread in the basket. In fact, we always have dip left over, never enough bread to finish it.   I've stuck with the salmon (topped with smoked salmon) entree every time. I love it THAT much! Much of the food is pretty heavy, but the salmon is yummy and never fails to satisfy. My husband and friends have sampled various menu items and we've never been disappointed with a meal.   The last three times we visited we were sat downstairs by the stage (and, unfortunately, the bathrooms.) Love when the live band and dancers are performing, although be prepared to experience some noise in that area of the bar. I think that next month we'll request a seat upstairs, as I get kind of tired of sitting by the bathrooms.   Still, we will return again and again!!
I'm really glad my girlfriend knew of this place and we had time to eat here. Vegas has so many great places to eat and this one is one of them. The pot pies are delicious. The restaurant is in the New York New York hotel right on Las Vegas Blvd. They have outdoor dining that is shaded in the evening. Service was good and the food was great. We had the mixed green salad which was very good. The chicken pot pie (which they can make vegetarian if you ask), mac n cheese, and goat cheese mashed potatoes. All of it very good. We will probably go here at least once on our future trips. Also saw on the way out, some tables have a beer tap at the table so you can fill up you glasses yourself. A meter keeps track of how much you serve yourselves.   If you are driving there you can use the same self parking for the casino. Valet parking is available also. If you are staying near Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd. walking would be best in most situations.
An intimate-feeling pub in the middle of the strip?  Whooda thunk!?  After a couple drinks, I didn't feel like I was in Vegas anymore.  Came here to meet a buddy for the first time in person.  Our bartender was remarkably the nicest and most accommodating one I've ever encountered out here.  Had me a Black & Tan and asked the bartender to pour a shot of his choice to seal the meeting.  He poured something a little on the girl side, but it did the job overall.  I ordered this fried sausage appetizer that came with honey mustard dressing.  They were sooooo good.  We sat at the bar but there's a full restaurant and a stage for a band.  If the stumbling could take me here, I would appoint this place a central go-to meeting place for somewhere to start and then go big.   Will definitely come back here for a meal.  Hell, I didn't even touch the whiskey!
I love Irish food and the Americanized versions of it. Just about everywhere I travel, if I see an Irish Pub, I try to stop in at least for one dish to see how they stack up. Nine Fine Irishmen did not disappoint.   My wife and I went were before seeing Zumanity. It was in the same Casino so it worked out for us. We walked in with out a reservation. They seated us promptly on the second floor of the restaurant. The atmosphere was really nice. Not the best for Irish Pubs I've been in, but it did give you a nice laid back impression. It was busy enough to keep your attention, but not so busy as to distract you.   I love Bangers and Mash, so that's what I ordered and I was not disappointed. Two thick Irish sausages over mustard mashed potatoes and a mushroom gravy on top. DELICIOUS! These were some of the best ones I've ever had. Even upon returning home to my local pub, I had to break the news that the Bangers and Mash and Nine Fine Irishmen were better. Loved it!  My wife ordered the pan roasted red snapper with heirloom tomato and caper butter. She loves red snapper and she really liked it here. She let me try some and it was so flavorful. The fish and the sauce combined. She let me try some, but I'm not a big red snapper fan. I liked it, but I think my bangers and mash was much better.   The service was okay. There were a couple of times our server seemed to disappear and we couldn't find her. She was also a little slow to bring the check at the end.  I also didn't like the fact that there wasn't a bathroom in the restaurant. You had to leave and go back into the casino to find one. I asked if there was one closer and they told me no.   Overall the atmosphere was great, the food was good, the service was ok and the bathrooms... non-existent.
Nine Fine Irishman is a great Irish Bar!  The food is fantastic (mashed potatoes 7 different ways) and the beer selection is pretty good.  The upstairs bar is often quiet so it is a great place to go if you are looking to get away from the noise and craziness of Vegas.
Wont go back.  Very little seating in bar area.
Irish Bar...wow, what a find.  My 4 friends and I spent our first night in Vegas catching up and enjoying happy hour at Nine Fine Irishmen.  There's a bar on the top floor so we took seats there ordered a few beers (Guinness of course) and some bomb appetizers: everything from meat pies to onion rings to cheese and beer dip.  It was all delicious!!!  We had a jolly good time with our bartender who was so nice to take pictures for us, keep our glasses full, and provide some good conversation.  I would come back just for the food, but the intimate ambiance and good company kicked off this trip in the right way.   I'll see you there next time!
After a few years away, I returned to Nine Fine Irishmen in 2011.  The place is still great.  I cool Irish pub in the middle of New York New York, with good Irish brews.  Good food, and a great pub atmosphere complete with Irish pub songs (including Dirty Old Town & Seven Drunken Nights!)    It's my favorite place to get away from the endless ringing of the slot machines that haunts my ears in Vegas.  Nothing like a Guinness or Smithwicks, & some good pub songs to erase that clatter!  If I had to make one complaint, the food can get a little pricey, but everything in Vegas is pricey, and at least the food at Nine Fine is worth the price!   I hung out for dinner and a few beers, and forgot how much I missed it in my time away.  Oh Nine Fine, rest assured that I'll return again when I'm back in Las Vegas.  You have been christened my home away from home.  :-)
I LIKE Nine Fine Irishmen! I discovered it a few years back and always make it a point to visit whenever I'm in Vegas. It has a classic, Irish pub atmosphere which I absolutely love. (I'm a pub girl). The food is good and of course, they have Guinness!!! (And very cool pint glasses)
First spot/bar that I saw to have a beer at the hotel we stayed in.  They did have on bar table with a beer tap actually on it, have to try that out next time.
Ambiance: 4 stars - Eat on the patio outside under the misters to cut back on the noise.   Entertainment: 4 stars - When we were there, a group who played Celtic music, but also took requests and were funny and laid back were playing. Enjoyed them very much.   Food: 4 stars - We went with the Restaurant Week prixe fixe meal. Our starters were a mixed green salad with a fabulous dressing and drunken onion rings which were delicious, not greasy, and were accompanied by a delicious mustard based dipping sauce. For the main course, we had the fish and chips and Irish bangers. The bangers with cabbage over mashed potatoes were not only thoroughly Irish (or at least British), but were also very tasty and fit solidly in the category of comfort food. The fish and chips were horribly plated (fries on top of the fish in a cone shaped vertical stand which forced you to dig through the fries to get the to the fish and resulted in the fish getting a bit too much steam/moisture), but the batter did not feel greasy, the tarter sauce had great flavors, and the half lemon wrapped in a sort of fine cheesecloth to avoid seeds and pulp popping into your food was a nice touch. For dessert, we both had the butter and caramel bread pudding and it was 5 stars - all the way. Absolutely buttery, melty, semi-sweet heaven on a plate with excellent presentation.   Service: 4 stars - Our waitress was attentive and my glass never got empty. She could have been a bit more friendly, but still, she did a great job.   Price: Quite reasonable. The three course prix fixe meal was $30. Definitely great quality food for the price.
Okay I do quite a bit a of traveling and love Guinness and Smithwicks.  My wife and I make it a point to find and Irish pub in every city or country we visit.  This was the worst Irish bar I have ever been in.  We sat down at a table and waited for a server.....and waited...and waited.  So I go up to the bar and order some drinks. I asked the bartender if we could have a server take our dinner order and he said one will be there soon.  We waited...and waited...finished our drinks and still no server????  So I walked over to the doorman to see if we could get a server.  He goes in the back and a server comes out who looks like like she wanted nothing do do with taking our order???  We order some appetizers because the prices were ridiculous.....I know it's Vegas but come on $21 for fish and chips ??? what do they use swordfish ???  Not just the food but $7 dollars for a shot of Irish Mist  ??? and he hardly filled the glass.  Listen I have never spent the time to write a review good or bad on any place but this place really got to me.  Next day we went to Ri Ra Irish pub at Mandalay Bay it it was awesome...get service...great prices and great atmosphere.
We went here during restaurant week 2011 & liked everything we had but it was nothing special. Just fried, greasy goodness. It was a fun place to sit outside & people watch.
The best restaurant in Vegas. It's a bit expensive, but the dishes are wonderfull, the staff is so nice and helpfull, the atmosphere is unique and the live-music is so great. Visit this restaurant and you will love it. We recommend this restaurant.
Upon landing in Vegas, we had text messages telling us to meet our group at the Irish pub in New York, New York. Having just arrived from New York we found this a little ironic, but we quickly checked into to our hotel, changed, and headed here.   It was almost 1am by the time we arrived, but the band was going strong and was very good. The crowd was good and rowdy. I love the old women who is supposedly there every night, she is hilarious. Would definitely make a return visit here.
This place was cool! We went on halfway to St. Paddy's day for $5 Jameson shots and $5 pints of Guinness and Smithwicks. Bartenders were very attentive and fun. My food (the steamer clams appetizer) was INCREDIBLE, my hubby's basket of fries was good (dipping sauces were really good) and it was nice and quiet...for a little while. They had a live band that was pretty good, but of course every amp was on 11.  Overall awesome - if you like quiet don't go when there's a band (or at night) and you can have a chill experience. If you like loud, go at night - the band at night was good.
Went here for a dinner for my nephews birthday. Great food and excellent service. Not a big menu but plenty of items to choose from.
HAPPY HOUR! Walked through New York, New York looking for something to eat and we came across the Nine Fine Irishmen Pub. We were sat right away  at a nice table tucked in the back corner. Our waitress was AWESOME!    This was the first time I tried Irish food.......I ordered the Shepherds Pie. The pie is basically a beef stew with a mashed potato topping...it was soooo freaking good!  This is some of the best comfort food I have ever had.    Plus..we can't forget HAPPY HOUR...the main reason why we came in here. Boddington's on tap !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I was in heaven! Great place to hang...drink...eat...watch a game!
Continuing our quest to try some new places during Restaurant Week, my wife, Diane, and I went to Nine Fine Irishmen strictly for the food. We wanted to check out their Fish and Chips at lunch during Restaurant Week. The $20.11 per person tariff for a three-course meal was the greatest deal we encountered during Restaurant Week, since the Fish and Chips alone cost $16 on the regular menu. And, they were great!   Ambiance was authentic Irish pub plus a large flat-screen TV on the first floor displaying a college football game live. Audio of the game was even broadcast in the restrooms on the first floor, so no sports fan has to miss any of the action on the field. On the second floor, where we were seated at a fairly plain wood table in all-wood chairs, the game was not audible, which is good for those who are just interested in food or drink.   Slices of thick Irish Soda Bread tasted good and wholesome with basil-tinged butter spread over them. A bowl of creamy Colcannon Soup with pureed potatoes, cabbage, leeks, and several pieces of crispy Irish Bacon was a nice and filling, more jazzed up variant of Cream of Potato Soup. But a Mixed Green Salad composed of complex greens and a few reddish leaves, along with cherry tomatoes cut in half, red onion slices, and cubed cucumbers, that included a pretty ordinary Vinaigrette Dressing, was very bland. It tasted much better after small amounts of both salt and pepper were added.   Irish Chips were actually steak fries that were a little crisp on the outside and a little soft on the inside. They tasted good with or without added tomato ketchup. But the star of the lunch was the fish: hot filets of cod that had been gently beer battered and then deep-fried to a light tan hue. Served with the Chips in paper wrapped inside a cone-like metal basket, the fish filets were tender enough to break apart when yanked out of the densely packed cone. But they flaked more in the mouth than in the hand.   The quality of the fish reminded me of the same quality experienced at a London pub and at a stand on Haight Street in San Francisco many years ago during my law school years. The fish was delicious whether it was eaten after drops of lemon juice and malt vinegar had been spilled on it, or after being dunked in the excellent house tartar sauce provided, or just consumed as it arrived at the table. As Chips were removed, more filets appeared, until three large ones and one tiny one were ultimately exposed to view. Especially after soup or salad, and with dessert still to come, two of the tender fish filets were easily enough to quell an appetite. The rest were boxed up for home.   Bread and Butter Pudding consisting of buttery baked brioche punctuated by golden raisins and served with a smooth Whiskey Cream Sauce and a sweet Caramel Sauce was warm and mouth wateringly good. The two sauces were tasty by themselves, but also harmonized well when used in combination. Irish Coffee Cake turned out to be Tiramisu made with Bailey's Irish Cream. It was extremely rich, and a really strong whiskey flavor permeated this dish. Brown and white in appearance, and served in a sherbet glass, it was decadent but difficult to finish. Half of it was left behind.   Service was very good. A few needed utensils like a soup spoon arrived slightly late, but the friendly servers realized and corrected their errors by themselves seconds after they were even noticed. The mood of the whole place was quite genial, convivial, and upbeat--probably because virtually everyone present--a mix of tourists and locals--was enjoying the excellent food (and drinks) being served. Besides finding my go-to place in Las Vegas from now on for Fish and Chips, I saw other diners happily tearing into a Cheeseburger, a Sliced Corned Beef Sandwich on Rye, and Irish Bangers resting on Mustard Mashed Potatoes.   Only a fairly ordinary salad kept my meal from being a five-star dining  experience. I will definitely be back!
Fish and chips YUUUUMMMMM - now if only I wasn't so hungover that night I might have enjoyed a bit more.  The place gets packed, but I always expect that one in Vegas and two in any Irish pub
What an experience. I spent my 21st birthday in Las Vegas with my family, and when my siblings asked me where I wanted to go, I said "There's this pub at the New York, New York that I've been wanting to check out."   As I was entering, my brother paid the bouncer for my entrance while he looked at my ID. I then noticed he raised an eyebrow, and he said to me "Since it's your birthday, I'll let you in for free. Happy Birthday, and enjoy your time." I gave him a hearty thank you and proceeded inside with my siblings.   The decor is really nice, and looked authentically Irish. There was an Irish Folk band playing (their name is "Sin e Ri Ra." Check them out on YouTube!), and it immediately got me in the mood for some brews. After a couple of drinks and some great music, everyone was having a great time. My sister-in-law was dancing with an awesome Asian leprechaun lady, everyone sang along to Finnegan's Wake, and there was even a dude wearing sunglasses in the dark and dancing a jig, all while holding a beer in his hand, no less. All in all, the headache I had the next morning was well worth it. 4 1/2 stars!
One of our frequent stops when in Vegas.  Great Irish bar at NYNY Casino.    Service is always great and the food is wonderful.  This time we split some fish and chips. Large portion.  Very light and crispy. Fries were good and tartar sauce excellent.    Happy hour from 2-5 M-T.  I would like to see it every day but WTH.
"Seachas cothuna gael do faic"  (Resist everything but moderation)  -- Oscar Wilde   To savor the true experience of the Emerald Isles, who would think the path would lead to Las Vegas? At the doorstep of the New York New York Hotel?  It's a rubbish thought of course. Yet, there was a certain whimsy in the double-faux authenticity of Nine Fine Irishmen. And, by the DIsneyland-like ersatz takes of Vegas, NFI is a winner.  Compelled by a tempting menu, and reasonable fix prix for Vegas' Restaurant Week, my buddies and I were seated by thick-brogue staff to our table. RIGHT in front of the stage. I said, "do you think we want a quieter spot?" "No this is fine" they said. My friends -- either geniuses or precognitive.  Right after ordering our drinks (whiskey for me -- not usually a fan but "when in Dublin...") and meals, the band proceeded. Loud, traditional Irish folk songs done in a contemporary slant. The crowd that gathered was alive and into them. It was kick-ass (literally kick-ass, as the occasional song brought a riverdancing maiden to a platform. Watch your dental work if you stray too close). Yes, so over the top Irish, missing only a pot of gold and leprechauns (well one glitter-faced older lady dressed like Queen Elizabeth, reputedly there every evening, seemed to be channeling a leprechaun in her gleeful dancing).  Lest we forget the food ...  The first course, Colcannon Soup -- hands-down the BEST thing I ate over my five days at Vegas. So wonderful and so simple -- a thick soup of potatoes, butter, leeks, cream, cabbage and a dollop of bacon pieces crowning the velvety richness. Cholesterol be damned, each spoonful was worthy of a love sonnet. My main course of Shepherd's Pie, with port wine-infused beef tips and cutely served in a mini-kettle, was generous and oh-so comforting. Dessert, the bread & butter pudding of baked brioche, with golden raisins, topped with whiskey cream and caramel sauces, was almost flan-like in texture and a knockout. And big. I couldn't eat more than half.  Dinner was a huge carb-load, which I usually refrain from -- it hit my system like a pint of whiskey (just ask the persons I tried to text post-dinner). Between the glorious food, ribald entertainment and carbs I was in a cloud of euphoria. So if you're in Vegas and want to have a glamour of your Irish heritage, put your hands and stomach (and ears) in the hands of these nine fine men.
For how noise and crowded vegas can be we were seated in a nice quiet corner... It felt as if we were in an irish cottage.... The corn beef and cabbage was almost as good as my husbands and my husband (the cook in the family) loved the lamb stew.... Oh and the onion rings where so good we ate the whole basket:) large portions of delicious like home Irish food:) would come back again:)
I absolutely love this place.  If I could I'd give it 10 stars.  The place is so much fun.  It has 10 year and 16 year old bushmills.  Score!!  The staff was friendly and everyone was having such a great time.  They have a fantastic beer selection and again 16 year old bushmills.  Yeah!!!  The best selling point though is their house band.  OH MY GOD!!  One of the best irish bands I've ever heard.  They get the audience off their asses and on the floor.  I even saw an 80 year old lady dancing.  I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Excellent $100 meal for two in Vegas. This included drink, appetizer and entrees.  The servings were large and the presentation was gorgeous.  The dishes were full of flavor.
YUM!  Had a great late night dinner here.  It was LOUD.  I guess I had enough to drink prior that the noise and location of our tiny table right by the stage wasn't a problem.  Tuesday night and the place was packed.  Hubby had the blue cheese encrusted steak.  He didn't think it was as good as the steak he had earlier in the day at Fleur but he liked it none the less.  As a vegetarian I just at my husbands side dish- Mac & cheese for $6!!!  It was amazingly delicious!  I couldn't even finish the entire serving.  Would eat it every single day... way way way better than the Mac & Cheese from Mon Ami Gabi.  Thanks Nine Fine Irishmen!  Oh, and the service was spot on.  Friendly and efficient.
Great Irish pub in the New York, New York Resort and Casino with some great food but a bit pricey for what it is. That's why I'm only giving it 3 stars.  I had the Bangers and Mash (Irish sausage and mustard mashed potatoes) and my wife had the Fish and Chips, both of which were excellent. Only downside is they have steakhouse prices.  So, all in all, glad we went but probably wouldn't return as there are so many other choices and if I'm going to pay steakhouse prices, they I'm getting a good steak!
Great band here!   Limited options for vegetarians. I enjoyed the Colcannon soup with some bread the waitress was able to pull together (apparently they were "out" of bread).  I would offer four stars but deducted one for being "out" of bread and out of cider (my friend's fav) on a Thursday night at around 8:30 pm.
We ate here one night and drank beers another night.  It's located in the New York, NY Casino.  This is not your typical Irish pub that pops up in every town lately.  The food here is traditional Irish or English, i.e. Shepard's Pie, Chicken Pot Pie, etc.  No chicken wings, potato skins, burgers, etc. that these new "irish" pubs serve here.  Food is pricey but everything in Vegas costs money.  The bar even has partitions just like in Ireland shielding you from your neighbors.  The beer selection is excellent.  Nice and cold, and served in Imperial pint glasses.  The bar tenders are fast on the draw when your pint is almost empty.    Downsides, for dinner it's very LOUD with bands cranking out tunes while you eat.  Don't expect to have a quiet, intimate conversation.  But, when your sitting at the bar, the sound is fine.  The service is excellent.  We saw two different bands from Ireland and the place was packed but not overcrowded.  $5 dollar cover charge to get in when the bands were playing.  Overall, pretty good for dining if you want traditional Irish food and excellent for drinking!
My boyfriend's fish and chips were bland and way too greasy. Our server had to bring us a fresh batch of fries because the first batch was cold.  I had a decent spinach and chicken salad (kind of hard to mess that up).  I don't recommend this restaurant.
My absolute favorite Irish Pub! Hands down!  From the gorgeous look of the place to the people and the food, it's awesome! Whenever I'm in Vegas, this is the only place I must go. Last time I was there, a fantastic Irish band was performing and there was a girl step dancing on the stage.   Above average Irish fare. I've had the banger and mash as well as the shephards pie. Both were delicous.   If your in Vegas, and your looking for great food and atmosphere, you must go to Nine Fine Irishmen. If you you love great Irish pubs like me, your going to be very happy.
In a town that is renowned for its excesses, including the plethora of all types of bars, Nine Fine is, well, so fine. With its elaborate and authentic Celtic interior, and the informative and enlightening tales of its namesake, it's a great pub experience. The food and drink is a fair representation of the Emerald Isle. It almost serves as a respite (relatively speaking, it is Sin City after all) from all the chaos outside its doors.
Came here to try the Restaurant Week menu over Labor Day weekend.  We had the Colcannon soup which was my first time tasting it and I loved it.  Unfortunately my friend could not eat pork and although she specified to hold the bacon, the kitchen failed to do so even though the waiter said the order was put in with the request.  They did offer to replace the soup.   The fish and chips were good - enough to share between two people.  The reuben was good too but I think I still prefer pastrami.  Bread pudding dessert was delicious and even though my friend was full on the meal, he couldn't resist devouring the dessert.  Overall we enjoyed our lunches.
Best Irish pub eva!
very cool place.. great music.. good beer..did not eat here so i cant tell you about that..but it is like walking into a different world when you go into this place
I went here before watching a show at NYNY.  Initially, though we were seated right away, it took a good ten minutes before a server came by to take even a drink order.  The rest of the night, our server was very attentive.  It seemed like a fun place to be, especially with music starting up at 9pm.  My friend had the chowder, and I had the potato soup.  Both were very rich and filling.  The meat and mushroom pies were like little empanadas.  Not what I was expecting from an Irish pub, but passable.  They have your normal, major brews from the UK and Ireland, but nothing fancy like Beamish.  Mmmm, Beamish...
Located within New York, New York, this is one of those "authentic" Irish pubs which was constructed in Ireland then assembled within the casino.  The food is A-Ma-Zing for traditional irish pub grub. I strongly recommend the onion rings, which are marinated in a bloody mary mix prior to  being guinness beer-battered and then served up with spicy brown mustard. Yum!  Had the Shepherd's pie which is served in (for lack of a better term) a tin bucket-pretty cool. I have to say, the shepherd's pie paired perfectly with my yellow jacket (Guinness floated on top of shock-top hefeweizen). So delicious.  Was too full for dessert!
We happy houred as much as possible while on the strip because during other times drinks are f-ing expensive everywhere.  This was easily my favorite happy hour of all that we hit.  Unfortunately their $5 drafts are only Mon-Thurs, so when we tried to go back Fri to hit it up again, we ended up paying full price for our beers, which was a bummer.    The place manages to keep the Irish pub atmosphere even while being smack in the middle of the New York New York casino, and was a great place to just throw back pints.  A fun side note - I told my boss today about having gone to this pub while on my trip and come to find out when he went to Vegas a few months ago, he actually did a jig on one of the tables and kissed the stuffed moose on the second floor.  God I wish I had seen that.
There is so much food here to choose from and so many adult beverages... it's like Santa's workshop but for delinquent elves and misfit toys. You are bound to find something here to eat whether it's a more traditional Irish feast or something more main stream. Their beer selection is a little weak but they more than make up for it with Irish whiskeys and other hard A choices.  The smell of booze, old wood and Vegas fills this spot. It has multiple seating areas and floors, a bar and if you're lucky you can catch a live band playing here. I've bought CDs of some of the live Irish folk acts that have played here and I don't usually do that. Feel free to walk up to other patrons and say "kiss me I'm Irish!"... if they politely decline move on to the next table or if they stare at you confused just say "hug me I'm Irish?"... it's okay because you're in an Irish pub in Vegas. Right? I've had pretty fantastic wait staff numerous times. This is usually my first stop when I get to LV in honor of my late mother so I've just gotten off a plane, checked in and I'm a bit neurotic... and they put up with my insane and silly humor just fine... and even get a few quips in there themselves. It's a fun enviroment and all of the food I've had over the years has been good/great. If you're tired of the fancy foods and fanfare of other restaurants in Vegas and just want something delicious to eat and a good hard drink... The Irishmen has your back. I'm a fan!
Absolutely love this place.  It's nice to go to a pub on the strip and actually feel like you are in a pub.  The non-stop go go go takes a back seat at this place and I feel more at home which on evening number 3 or so is a nice thing to have happen.    The food is great and they have great beers to satisfy your palate.  Also they have live music at night which always is nice to listen to while enjoying a pint and a bite.    I recommend the rack of lamb in curry it is just perfect to cut up into little lamb lollipops and enjoy.  MMMMMM.
Nice environment and the staff is very friendly.  The food was very good and very filling. The drinks are a little pricey but you get what you pay for when it comes to the food. If you are a bloody Mary fan, I would not recommend that unless you like horseradish sauce in it. Everything else was good and it smells nice inside, not like the usual Vegas ashtray!
Came here as it opened on a Friday morning after a HARD Thursday night in Vegas. As tends to be my Vegas fare (think: too hung over to eat real food), I ordered a salad and shared a turkey and corn chowder with a friend, based upon the recommendation of our server. Despite the fact that I came in wearing a sparkly dress, 5" heels and hair that had clearly not been brushed, this waitress welcomed me with warmth and no evident judgment (look, I was judging myself by the way I appeared). She listed the specials and was understanding when we required more time to make decisions.  When the soup came out, we were surprised by how filling and delicious it was. Two of my friends ordered shepherd's pies, the other a sandwich she didn't even touch. All of us were pleased with our food, which was reasonably priced for being on the strip. The service was prompt and our server kept returning to check in on us and insure we were having the best possible experience. Three cheers to Nine Fine Irishmen!
$9 for a tap beer?! Come on... Waited forever for our food - after half an hour we paid for our drinks and left. Impossible to get a table - unclear if it was "seat yourself" or if we just find our own place. I love Irish pubs and was very disappointed with this one.
Fun, good food and accommodating staff. It was a little pricey for what it was, but it is Vegas after all. If they don't get your money at the tables, they'll get it at dinner.   Give it a try if you are in the mood for a pub atmosphere. I don't remember any live music while we were there on a... uh... I don't remember what night it was... but I'm sure the music is great when it's there. Maybe it was there, I don't really know.
Pretty cool place. I've been to a bunch of Dublin pubs and this is fairly realistic looking. Except for the high ceilings maybe. Regardless, they had lots of good beer on tap and some decent bar grub. I especially liked the tables that had their own beer taps on them. You simply give them your credit card and pour at your pace. Brilliant. Good place to go on a Irish beer bender if you are bored in Vegas.
Nothing personal against Nine Fine Irishmen...this review is more about ALL Irish pubs in general.   WTF is the big allure with Irish pubs? Drunk, aggro mooks swilling dark-ass beer and eating grotesque, high-sodium high-fat carb-heavy food in a frenzied, fake-ethnic Animal House atmosphere. WHY???????  I was coerced into having lunch here the other day, and it was GROSS. I thought I'd be OK just ordering a good old-fashioned cheeseburger. Little did I know, the Irish apparently slop garlic mayo all over everything, and even a simple cheeseburger isn't good enough without adding a layer of some kinda weird flesh-bacon on top of the regular meat patty.  Aside from the food, I find the atmo at Irish pubs to be INSUFFERABLY ANNOYING. All that dark wood paneling, hearty waitresses, manically jovial Irish music blaring from the jukebox....it's my own private version of hell! Secret fact about me: I looooove holidays, but on St. Patrick's Day I crawl into a hole and HIDE -- all that green beer and all those drunk idiots make me want to VOMIT.  The sole exception to my anti-Irish-pub stance is O'Shea's...because it's more of a shithole dive bar than a pub, they keep the wood paneling to a minimum, Irish music is almost NEVER played, and my friend Brian works the door in a leprechaun costume.   I'll reserve my VERY infrequent Irish-bar hankerings for O'Shea's! With any luck, I will never set foot in 9 Fine R R Paddy MacGillicuddy's Krazy Old-Tyme Potato-n-Whiskey Shack again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Ugh!
This Irish pub actually played and had live Irish music!  Just as an IRISH pub should!  it was nice to walk into this pub and be greeted by live music and dancing, good food and friendly staff.  We waited a bit too long to get our food, considering it wasn't that busy, but other than that we had a pleasant evening.  I'd recommend stopping here before going to the pub in Mandalay Bay...Ra Ri, or something?
Great for a pint of Guinness.  NFI is also a good cost conscious alternative to some of the high end restaurants on the strip.  If you're in the mood for a beer and some fish and chips, look no further.
Beer and service was great. Our waiter gave my wife samples of beer since she wasn't a beer drinker but wanted to try. The food was blah. Had the shepards pie and didn't like it compared to others I had.
We were here just a few days ago celebrating our oldest daughter's 21st birthday.  It was our second visit and we had an even better time than visit #1.  Here's why:  1) On entering the manager greeted us, asked if our daughter was 21 and when she showed her id the manager gave her a hearty Happy Birthday and bought her first drink.  Awesome!  2) The layout - we scored sweet seats at the bar.  This section of seating had a floor-to-ceiling panel that separated us from the rest of the bar and gave us almost instant access to the very attentive bartender and kept us somewhat insulated from the next seat over group of ridiculous 20-something guys drinking Coronas.  Seriously??? All of the seating here is set up to provide a cozy, insulated table that seems to encourage settling in and staying for the evening.    3) The drinks - my husband is a beer fan (shocking, I know) and I'm neutral but I love an occasional Harp and can't usually find it on tap at home.  The 21yo started with her on-the-manager shandy and followed up with an ice cold hard cider.  Hubs had black and tans all night.    4) The food - just before the kitchen closed we ordered shepard's pies.  Served in a cast metal bucket these we the largest shepard's pies I've ever seen!  Two were more than enough for our whole party.  The flavor and texture were excellent!  I want one now, in fact.  No noticeable veggies in there but that might have been the low lighting and the beer, not the pies themselves.  :)  5) The band - Sin  R-Ra is apparently the house band and they were fantastic!  I'm not a huge fan of Irish music but everything they played was awesome and I've still got one of the songs (Whiskey in the Jar) stuck in my head three days later.  I'm contemplating tracking down one of their CDs.    6) The little old lady with the cane - I'm pretty sure she was there last time, too.  I don't know who this woman is but she had a following of her own and was getting right down with the music all night.  Adorbs.  Unlike some of the other reviewers here we ARE fans of the pub aesthetic.  At it's most authentic it is a gathering place for the neighborhood, men, women, families and friends.  It is a place where you spend hours just hanging out, drinking, talking and listening to music, with people whose company you enjoy.  It's simple, homey and comfortable.  If that's not what you're looking for, don't bother.  If it is, Nine Fine Irishmen nails the experience flawlessly.    Cheers to you, NFI, and we raise a glass to your health!!!
This is by far my favorite bar in Las Vegas. So fun ! Everyone in here is friendly and happy. The live band makes it a perfect environment to just hang with friends or make some new friends I have not tried the food yet that is still on my to-do-list. The crowd here just goes wild for the band the irish music really gets everyone going its usually pretty full but hey its always an experience to party hardy with they irish because they really know how to drink! awesome awesome bar :)
Leave your diet at the door because Nine Fine Irishmen serves up some heavy fares. Appetizers tend to be fried and plentiful. The entrees do not come in light options either. Scared, go for a salad. Salad at a pub? I won't fault you, I have done it.   I had made a reservation for after Zumanity. With Yelp and Open Table this process could not be anymore easy. I had originally used Yelp to look up their number, but found that I could just input a few simple answers and have a table waiting for us.   When we got their at 9:20, they were ready for us and guided us upstairs. Originally disheartened because their was a live Irish band downstairs, we trudged upwards. The pout soon was replaced with glee when we saw our little private alcove though. This table set in the back of the top floor is perfect for parties of 6-8. It is away from all of the chaos, but you can still hear the music.  The Big Appetizer Platter ($18) is a large mountain of wings, onion rings, sausage, and deep fried sausages. It sounded so good with the beers, but not so much as the night progressed. The Steamers ($14) was the best starter. These little morsels drew in all the garlicy/tomato flavor of the broth and added a nice saltiness once they opened up. The Beer and Cheese Dip is like eating a bowl of warm brie. It is decadent and rich. Smothered on bread, it will render you immobile for a while.   For a proper hen night (we ran into British people who called it that), the $5 shots of Jameson was an inexpensive way to get the bride plastered. All of the usual beers are here, but the mixed drinks are good for people who might not normally like beer, Snakebite (Harp and Magners Apple Cider), Black 'N Black (Guiness and Black Currant), Black Velvet (Guiness and Magners) made the bride happy.
Well I never did meet the 9 dudes, but I am sure they are fine enough.  I had lunch and a couple pints of Guinness here.  Their Fish 'n' Chips, (what else am I going to eat at an Irish pub), were awesome.  That is exactly what I would recommend you order when going here.  The waitress told me they were famous for them, but she could have told me that about any item on the menu and I'd believe it.  I'm a trusting sort.  I was with 4 other guys, and we were seated in a room upstairs which wasn't to my liking as we could not here the music that was down stairs, and felt isolated.  This room would be great for a private function, but for 5 guys who just got off the plane from Montreal....we wanted to be in the action.  Next time I visit Vegas I will come here to see a live show and see if I can meet these 9 fine Irishmen.
Service by Trish was awesome. The seafood stew awesome. The sheppards pie, HORRIBLE!  How does an Irish restaurant screw up sheppards pie? .In all fairness though, the Irish have never been known for thier cooking.
The Wife has been talking about going to see some fine Irish men for years. Although i have always been a little concerned about this, i decided that this year i would finally let her. So I grabbed her Lucky Charms and off to New York New York Hotel and Casino we went .  The Nine Fine Irishmen Pub is always busy and the evening that we went was no exception. We did not have to wait for a table, however , when we got seated in the dimly lit dining room, we were greeted with a view of the restroom. This was not ideal, but at least with a complete 360 turn around of our necks we could see the stage where a great Irish folk band was rockin the Riverdance, and a sixty something year old midget in her leprechaun costume ( I'm not kidding) was burning up the dance floor.I was looking forward to seeing a sexy Irish waitress straight from the country side come over to take our order, and i did not have to wait long. Although she probably had some country in her, the sexy and the Irish part seemed to be missing. So with a little disappointment in my voice I placed my order with Marlborough Lung Cancer Granny. I decided that after the leprechaun midget ,Irish folk band , restroom view seating and total lack of Irish tail that a strong drink was needed. I went with Gaelic Punch, it was loaded with a bunch of  Rum(s), and Midori and did the trick. Before long I was smiling like a kid that had just found a four leaf clover.  For the food, Simone and I started out with the Potato Basket. Although not the most adventurous of choices, you really can not go wrong with thick slices of deep fried potatoes. The potatoes were served with Red and Yellow curry sauces that were both very good. And the portion was large, consisting of at least a couple of good sized spuds.  For the entree Simone decided on The Herb Crusted Goat Cheese salad. Although (as discussed in previous blogs) salads are not an entree, I decided to keep my opinion to myself and let my wonderful wife enjoy her rabbit food. The salad consisted of Arugula with other mixed greens, oven dried tomatoes, caramelized onions, and a big heaping spoon full of goat cheese topped off with a Hazelnut Dressing.  Simone said it may have been the best salad EVER.  And she would know, she loves salad- as an ENTREE. For my tastes, I also found it to be very good and the goat cheese was excellent. Next up was my choice, a real entree, the traditional Shepherds Pie. Now this was comfort food. No frills, just damn good and piping hot. Topped with a mashed potato crust it arrived in a mini cast iron pot and was filled with tender morsels of sirloin steak, not the ground up junk, but real chunks of good beef tips mixed with carrots, and onions in a thick and rich port wine gravy. The BEST EVER Shepherds Pie. No cream of corn, or any other gross stuff that mom used to put into it (sorry mom) .This was just a simple,  warm your insides on a snow filled night kinda meal. It was excellent.  So ended our visit to Ireland. Although it started off a little scary, it ended great. Great Food, good drinks, good music and a lot of fun.
I love the atmosphere at Nine Fine Irishmen (and have given an extra star mostly because of it) but the food leaves a bit to be desired.   What I lived:  I really enjoy the live music they have there (saw the Celtic Rockers most recently and thought they were pretty decent) and I like the cosy seating that some spots in the restaurant have to offer.  There service that I've had has been pretty decent too.   What I didn't like:   The food portions were huge and on paper looked promising. In reality though, the dishes we had lacked flavor and weren't nearly as interesting as the descriptions might lead you to believe. We ordered "drunken onion rings" that boasted a bloody mary marinade that the rings didn't have the slightest hint of. We also ordered the pork tenderloin, which while probably the best dish we tasted, was mostly show. I ordered the Blue Cheese steak which was incredibly disappointing; it lacked any seasoning and relied instead on the blue cheese and the horrid au jus style sauce to give it any flavor, but it wasn't enough. It was a huge cut of meat and I would gladly have had half the food with a little better quality and preparation.    I ordered the "dubliner" after dinner and while it had Jameson listed as it's first ingredient, it was completely imperceptible to either of us (it tasted like a sickeningly sweet appletini). We'd ordered Jameson neat before dinner and I get the feeling that they cut cost corners by being stingy on the whisky; not a good practice for an "irish" bar. The waitress, to her credit, had it remade (it came back entirely different the second time) when she noticed that I wasn't drinking it and she took it off of our bill.    Perhaps my latest visit was an off night; I've had better from them in what now feels like the distant past. I'll probably go back again for the live music, dessert and  (simple) drinks, but I won't drop another $100 for dinner there again without some proof of redemption.
I love stopping at this place because it's not pretentious and it's not packed but there are still fair amount of people here. Live bands and great beer. Drinks are a little expensive but it's Vegas....
Lunch 4/3/12. Good Not great. Good quality food to start with good quality food at the result. Prices VERY fair for Vegas. Good beer selections. Good environment. Corned beef is equivelent to Boars head or maybe a notch up. Fish and chips was very good and BIG portions. Environment makes the place what it is. Service was mediocre this particular day. Good food good environment..good enough !
On my recent trip to Las Vegas my stay was extended for an extra night due to snow on the freeway toward LA. It was a business trip so one of my coworkers and I decided to make the most of it and do a little bar hopping.  The Irish Car Bomb is one of my favorite drinks and my coworker had never tried one before. We made it a point to start the night off with one of those bad boys. I figured there was no better place than an Irish pub to celebrate his first Car Bomb.  We showed up Sunday night around midnight and the place was completely packed. The first thing we both noticed was how the place reeked of B.O. Shortly after that we realized how the place was full of old men in their 60's or later. Keeping in mind that a lot of places don't serve Car Bombs, we held our breath and fought toward the bar.  The bartender was nice and attentive and made our drinks really quick. There was even a great Irish band playing on the small stage in the middle of the bar. Several drunken dancers just happened to be flailing about with sections of the crowd cheering them on. Even though most of the crowd was old, the vibe was fun and the music was actually really good. However, once we finished chugging our drinks we aimed for the door and on to the next place...
Surprisingly good food for a random "Irish" pub in the middle of a casino. Authentic and tasty is was.  I recommend the Mac and cheese and the steak pie things they serve as appetizers. Really good.
This place is actually really, really good.  We ate here one evening because we had tickets to see Zumanity.  To be perfectly honest, my expectations weren't really all that high.  I really just wanted something close with decent food and based on the reviews that I read, this place seemed to fit the bill.  We were seated relatively quickly and the service was very good.  I ordered the horseradish crusted halibut with chervil butter and it was outstanding.  The fish was prepared perfectly and was probably one of the best halibut dishes that I've ever eaten.  We also split a side of goat cheese mashed potatoes.  They were quite good, but a little more goat cheese would have been nice.    The only negative about the experience were the guys that were seated next to us.  Loud, obnoxious, and obscene.  I'm no saint and use my fair share of colorful language, but this was ridiculous.  We ended up eating and paying quickly just to get away from them.  All in all, this was probably one of the better meals that we had while we were town.  I'd definitely recommend it.
Honestly, you would probably never think that an Irish bar in a casino would have good food and service, but this one did! While day-gambling, we stumbled across Nine Fine, and decided to head on in.  I'm glad we did.  We had a couple beers, the salmon salad and the goat cheese salad.  Both were really really good.  Not what you would expect from an Irish bar.  And they are proud supporters of St. Balderick's, which I thought was great.  They even support staff members shaving their heads for the cause! Cure kids cancer! I think we can all agree on that! (Okay, did not see the review going there...)
Oh. my. gosh. The food is AMAZING. My first time at an Irish Pub restaurant and I'm a fan! I had the bangers and mash and my husband had the lamb burger. SO much flavor in both dishes! I usually don't like mashed potatoes, but whatever they put on their potatoes made it taste so good, especially in conjunction w/ the cabbage! And my husband's lamb burger was juicy, tender, and an awesome twist on a regular burger. For dessert, YOU MUST GET THE BREAD PUDDING. Oh my gosh, I would sacrifice any diet just for their bread pudding.  It's quite literally the best bread pudding I've ever had, this place deserves 5 stars just for that!
Good food, great beer and a great atmosphere. The place is always popular when I have guests come into town.
The Irish Band was amazing! Fun to watch before we caught our Zumanity show.  My husband and I sat at the Keg automated "table".  He gave his credit card to the bartender and all he had to do was pour straight from our table! Brilliant!! Can't wait to go back here again!
Always a good time at Nine Fine Irishmen - live Irish music and dancing. Upstairs has a balcony dining area, which is nice on a Vegas evening. Food is average, service was excellent. Good for dancing and a fun crowd.
Came here on a Wednesday night since we were staying at NYNY.  Got there around 9pm and originally we just wanted to grab a drink but there was an Irish band playing so we decided to stay a bit for the live music.   Lots of great draughts from the British Isle on tap.  For the majority of the night, we went with those and Harper, Guinness, and Bodington was the ones we went for.  It was a bit odd since the beers were served in plastic cups.  Price was a little over $8 per beer.  Not that cheapest, but meh... Vegas.  They even have a table that has the tap right at your table!  Didn't get to try it since this group occupied it the whole time.  The live band was actually pretty good!  They even had a girl doing the Irish tap dancing.  That's something we don't see everyday so that was pretty cool.  It seems like there were plenty of European transplants that night since many of them knew the songs.  Wonder how this place is on the weekends.
Wonderful place to eat dinner in Vegas!!!  We had a delightful dinner here with live music in the background.  We had to wait to get seated but totally worth it!  Very enjoyable meal.
Pleasant surprise when we found this bar as we needed some time off the tables. Actual Irish music by Irish people in the evening. Not sure what else to call them but looked like private little caves along the bar area so you and your friends could talk without bumping into others. Chill hangout when you need a break from the sensory overload of the casino floor.
The first time we ate here we were staying at the New York, New York and it was convenient. We quickly found out it was not only convenient but has great food. The Shepherd's Pie was the best I've had.
The last time I was there, they had changed the menu and had taken off a lot of the traditional Irish pub fare. That being said the burger I had was great. I also must add that if you can't go to Dublin to have a pint of Guinness this is a distant but evocative substitute. You can ask to be seated upstairs if you want a slightly quieter dinning experience, as the bar area can get a tad loud. The specials are always interesting. Enjoy!
Shepards pie could use more sauce, kinda dry, great decor, pricey..
Wanted to find something nearby for my last night in Vegas (on the first half of my annual drop my daughter off at her mom's summer vacation) since we were staying at the Excalibur.  We ordered a Potato Basket (Rustic fried potato slices with sides of red and yellow curry dipping sauces) to start off with. The red sauce was good, but the yellow curry dipping sauces was awesome!  My girlfriend ordered the Irish Banger (Traditional Irish sausage on mustard mashed potatoes with mushroom jus) and I ordered the Lamb Stew (Lamb with potatoes and vegetables in a traditional broth) with Irish chips & Sauted peas on the side.  Both dishes were superb, as were the sides.   Not having a baseline nor a clue on what "Traditional" Irish food, we don't know how it compares, but we were more than happy with our experience.   The service was great, we were seated quickly (it was early evening), and the all the food was good.  I do plan on visiting again when I come back to Vegas to pick-up my daughter.
Shared the platter w a friend and had a Nutty Irishman drink. Food was just ok. The platter had fried sausages, onion rings, fried slices of potatoes and chicken wings...that did NOT agree with my stomach later on and I think all of us did not feel good later that night. Well it was our 3rd night in Vegas so maybe everything is just disagreeing w our bodies by that time. But I think I would've enjoyed it otherwise
This place is awesome. We came here at mdnight on a Saturday night after a show and it was packed but not crowded. We had about 8 of us and we were able to find a large table upstairs. There's plenty of tables upstairs and downstairs and there's also a bar on both floors as well. They have a ton of beers on tap and drink choices. We wanted to order food but the kitchen was closed already.   Overall this is a nice place to chill and have a drink. It's noisy downstairs but not too bad upstairs. An Irish band plays there all night so we watched them of the time and watched the drunk people dancing and singing along. Every so often, a woman with the band would get up on a table and start doing an Irish. It was pretty awesome.
This place is great. I've never had a dull moment in Nine Fine Irishmen. Our bartenders were great and very entertaining. They were right on top of our drink and food orders and made some great recommendations. I love this place. The layout is quite unique with the two bars and smaller areas with tables. The crowd was never overbearing and we always had a seat at the bar. I'll definitely be back!
After going to see Thunder From Down Under, my girl friends and I decided to hit up this Irish pub to unwind. I love Irish pubs and this one was just a bit more special because during the band, a dancer came out on a tiny table off to the side and  danced for a tiny portion of the song. I didn't get a beer, but I did try their popular beer, which was light and pretty tasty. I'll definitely be coming back here!
Came here twice in the evening to see friends.  Loved the live music and tap dancing, the band is pretty good.  Drinks were expensive though so I didn't bother, and I'm not sure why a $5 cover in the evenings was needed.  All of our friends had a fantastic time though and the atmosphere is very fun.  Next time I'm in Vegas I do want to to try the food.
There should be a distinction on here that says if you are rating based on the food, or the drinks and atmosphere. I am rating based on the food since we came here for dinner and not the live music and nightlife.  I did not think 9 Fine was all it is cracked up to be if you want to grab a bite somewhere. There are lots of other places on the strip to go to. I had the lamb stew which was good but not worth the price. My husband had the bangers and mash which was good but very salty, and he really did not like the cabbage. Our companion had the shepherd's pie which was pretty standard.  The soda bread at the beginning of the meal was lacking in flavor. I am glad we tried 9 Fine but don't quite get the hype.
So the service is slow and the food was sub par. Anything above 2 stars would be stretching it. After waiting 30 mins we finally got water! The waitress was rude & when the manager was notified he says, "She's one of our best servers, I can't believe she would be rude." This place SUCKS
The service from the staff was efficient and attentive. The noise control of the pub is limited to each table's noise surround.  The atmosphere and accommodation is fine dining for a pub.  The price is moderate and the servings are plentiful.  The food is authentic, and not at all fatty or greasy.  I found this a good place to shop for my Irish products from Ireland. Audrey
Absolute MUST for anyone planning on visiting Vegas. This is a gem of a restaurant, located inside the NYNY Hotel and Casino :)  Where do I start? Their steaks are delicious and juicy and they have probably the best bread pudding I have ever had.  Not to mention the amazing live music that starts at 9pm! Definitely not your typical, on the strip, restaurant. The place is lively, dim-lit, and I always see people having a good time when they are here. I make it a point to go here every time i'm in Vegas.  If you pick a seat with a view of the balcony and the stage, you'll be set for some good ol' fashioned Irish folk dancing and tunes by the Nine Fine Irishmen (Yes, this place is named after the amazing band that plays here)   Overall: Great environment, happy times and great food! What else can you ask for?!
If you're looking for an authentic Irish Pub located on the Las Vegas strip, then look no further! Complete with a live Irish band, Nine Fine Irishmen was a little like stepping into a Dublin pub.   The place has multiple stories and a patio which overlooks part of the strip.  There are many private tables, a few booths, and some seating on the outside patio.  We didn't partake in the Irish food, only drinks. Pricing was typically high but the atmosphere was really fun!  We sang, drank and danced to the Irish tunes!  A loud and lively establishment.
Love the atmosphere. Eclectic Irish pub decor, comfortable sofa at the table, good food and Guiness and Smithwick...ahhh.
Like many things in Vegas the Irish bar Nine Fine Irishman at New York New York sounds much cooler than it really is, but the pub does provide an alternative Vegas experience. The bar is laid out like a house with plenty of secluded tables. At Nine Fine Irishmen, the Smithwick's Irish Red Pale Ale Beer is cold, the Jameson Whiskey free flowing, and the Irish band lively.  Olivia Z. and I came to enjoy the band. It wasn't very busy, however, since there are only about 8 seats with a view the options are to stand & watch or find a table around the corner. We stood for awhile and then floated from table to table as better spots opened up. The upstairs was closed for a "private event." The outdoor patio provides even more space.
My work mates organized a get-together here at Nine Fine Irishmen.  This looks like an Irish pub if the Irish pub originated in Vegas.  Not bad, just not going to be like your fave Irish dive that you frequent at home.  We had reservations and they marched us upstairs.  While there was plenty of room it was stone cold dead up there so seemed like we were in an empty restaurant.  Food that I tried: - beer and cheese dip: decadently cheesy with a bunch of breads to eat it with. Cheese was hard to just dip out, you have to use your fork or knife or risk stringing it all over the table.  It wasn't mind blowing but still pretty tasty. - chicken pot pie: creamy tomato broth was kind of what made it taste weird to me and the chicken was in perfect square chunks which made it seem like those frozen dinner chicken pot pies, but overall it was good.  The bread covering it was soft and pillowy and delicious. - Shepherd's pie: authentic Irish it isn't, but you are in Vegas so it is decent.  I'd pick the chicken pot pie over this though...beef seemed almost ground up rather than in chunks. - Creamed corn: home run side!  How can you not like corn that has been made extremely unhealthy by being creamed?    Service was efficient and, of course, helpfully upselling.  However, I like a double drink for not the full double price so I can dig it.  Cost is like everything else in Vegas - bit pricey but this place isn't going to break the bank.  Overall an A-OK joint.  Probably a better place to drink and get appetizers but still not bad for a full meal if you have people in your group that prefer a casual, more bar-like atmosphere.
I've been there many times & really like. The food & service has always been first rate. Bartenders always friendly & engaging.
Great food, in huge quantities. Strong drinks, good beer selection. Music can overpower the place but it's still good. Service was lacking a bit, but I would still recommend this place to anyone.
Good service, actual Irish people! And I have to say, I loved the physical bar here--absurdly ornate, reminds me of Bourbon Street in the Theatre District...
Step 1: Admit bias. My sister-in-law is the dancer.  Step 2: Express opinions anyway.  The Nine Fine Irishmen's Irish dancer is AMAAAAAAAAZING!  Totally worth staying in/near New York New York to make it over here.  The food is great, the drinks are awesome, and the live entertainment is bar none.  The band is just amazing.  Totally worth checking out! Great patio too, overlooking the 'brooklyn bridge' and cooling little misters.  Yay!
The "New York, New York" hotel and casino in Vegas is very much a microcosm of Las Vegas itself.  You can find all kinds of examples of humanity within.  Bros, bro hoes, preppy types, hipsters, wanna be's, classy people...you name it - you can find it there.  Its a smaller version of the "barely organized chaos" that exists outside on Vegas' strip.  Because of the way its laid out with the casinos, the shops, all the eateries and that various "neighborhoods", Ny Ny can best be described as cacophonous.  But nestled within this little den of chaos is a relative haven of tranquility and mellowness known as Nine Fine Irishmen.  For those of you who don't know (and really... what are there.. like 4 of you out there still left?), it models itself as an Irish Pub right out of Dublin.  The wife and I have been here twice in our wanderings; most recently for lunch and a pint of ale.    Without a doubt, this is a great place to rest, relax and recharge yourself with a pint of ale or perhaps a shot of whiskey and grab a bite to eat.  My fave drink here is a "Black Velvet", a lovely concoction of Stout and Cider that is the perfect parity tween sweet and strong.  The food is excellent too.  Highly recommended is the Fish n Chips.  The fish, never frozen, is delicious and served traditionally in a paper "funnel" along with the thick chips.  Also of note is their corn beef sandwich - which included generous portions of meat.  They also have traditional Anglo fare, like Shepherd's Pie and Bangers and Mash.  One of the nicest things about this place is when you walk in - all the sounds and chaos of the casino and goings on outside become dull and muted causing your cares to drift away.  Of course, having a pint or two doesn't hurt either!.  Its a very relaxing, mellow atmosphere.  Except after 10pm, that is.  Then it becomes a raucous and happening nightclub.  The place is a *tad* pricey - but only just a tad.  There are far more expensive places to eat and drink - but really, the quality of everything is worth it!  The employees..bartenders...waitresses...everyone, are very friendly and knowledgeable.  Our waitress, Tracy I think her name was, even knew what a "Snug" was in regards to pubs - and pointed out that they had three of them!  Woot!  Simply put, Nine Fine Irishmen is the perfect spot at the perfect place in Vegas.  An oasis of solemnity in the middle of a vast ocean of glorious chaos.  A must-visit kind of place when you want to settle down with a drink and recharge your inner-battery after strolling up and down the strip.
Just what we were looking for after Zumanity.  Off to the side in NY NY Nine Fine Irishmen is a mix of good drinks, good food, and good entertainment.  We came for a late dinner which was great to avoid any cover charge they have on weekend nights.  Our table was upstairs away from the music, which was great for dinner.  We had our own little area for 7 of us.  The 'ol my eyes were bigger than my stomach was very true here.  Started with the beer and cheese dip.  Being from Wisconsin this was heaven.  It was an app to share but I found myself nearly taking down the whole thing.  I stopped only when our Brie Chicken with Goat Cheese mash came.  Wish I would have saved more room for the mash pots.  Great service!  Great ambiance! Only wish I could find that beer cheese dip here.
Seriously, I loved this place.  The food is awesome.  We went while the band was playing and it's loud as hell but we were lucky enough to get seated behind the stage in a little alcove.  My wife had the pot pie and I had the shepherd's pie and both were ridiculously good.  I don't know how authentic they are but I could eat one of each a week for the foreseeable future.  Nice whiskey list!  We had a great dinner here and will definitely go again on our next Vegas trip.
The food is great and the dinks are well worth it.  Went here for dinner and we had a blast starting off with Irish Car Bombs.  Great way to start the dinner.  We started off with the Beer and Cheese Dip(great).  The entrees were, Irish Bangers,  Pot Pie topped with puf pastry and some kind of fish.  Everyone liked their meal and the music playing kept the mood going.  One friend even went donwstairs and was dancing with some really old lady making her day.  Great expeperience for everyone!
Sit outside & people watch. Don't expect the best service you've ever experienced.  Next, order the beer cheese and bread appetizer {~$12}. You can thank me for this later. It's pretty freaking amazing.  It's like beer fondue! I could eat this by itself.  I typically go with the Shepard's Pie {~ $15} with cheese on top. I wish they would put the beer cheese on top, because that would be something!!!!  Definitely not a diet place!  I have to agree!  BUT if you have a hangover this place will cure your ills for sure!  They have a brat wrapped in bacon {$13} then shoved on a bun that looked like a Pepcid AC commercial waiting to happen.  I think the best part is the outside day dining option right on the strip!
This review won't be what it should because I only had a light lunch however, I believe this place is the dining gem of NY NY. I was in Vegas on business staying at NY NY and had a limited time for lunch Tuesday Oct. 9. A co-worker and his wife had gone there for dinner the previous evening and had only great things to say about the food, music, and service. Even though I was only there for lunch, I became a believer!  The atmosphere is somewhat dark but somehow appropriate to the theme. My server was a round older lady with a smile that never ended, and a strong need to please. I ordered a Newcastle Ale and inquired about the Concannon soup. She congratulated me on the choice and tole me I wouldn't be disappointed and she was soooo right. A rich creamy soup made from potatoes, cabbage, and garnished with an incredibly lean and delightful smoked bacon. My co-workers had raved about the macaroni & cheese side dish. I love good mac & cheese so my curiousity go the best of me. This too was quite rich with a creamy full flavored cheese baked to a very hot and satisfying taste and texture. The couple sitting at the next table had ordered onion rings and I have to say they looked home made with a hand dipt golden batter.  My next trip to Vegas will find me enjoying a full dinner at this delightful watering and dining spot!
I went here with a group of 8 drunken 20s-30s women, which is never a fun scenario for servers, but our server, Celeste, took it all in stride and was there with water refills and drink orders whenever necessary. I had been here a couple times the last couple years, and it has never disappointed me, though it has disappointed my dining companions several times.   Last night, I ordered the tomato salad as an entree, figuring I could sneak off some of the sides that the group was ordering. The tomatoes were perfectly ripe, and the blend of cheeses to accompany it were really surprising, but good. The sides are really where the place stands out for me--broccolini, tons of different mashed potatoes (goat cheese FTW) and my personal fave, mac and cheese.   However, my friends' steaks were not cooked to order. Some were too rare, another (a medium rare) was barely pink. I understand that with Friday night and a large party, getting everything out at the same time is a challenge, but a too-done steak, IMO, is probably the worst thing ever.   This place, like most of NYNY, doesn't exactly look like New York, but it's a nice simulation. Like another reviewer said, it's the dining gem of NYNY.
Nicely located right in the middle of everything, at the NYNY. It was packed last Friday night and at times hard to get bartenders attention, but that's understandable. There's a nice selection of Irish/English/Scottish brews on tap and live entertainment to boot.   This place is ideal if you want a lively scene and a couple of beers, but not up for the full club experience.
Great place for drinks n sports watching! It was such a cool Irish bar, 2 stories, lots of people were just there drinking beer, watching sports and eating at the bar.   We met a few friends there for drinks, the self help beer machine table was perfect for us to sit down and have good conversations over beer and martinis.   Perfect casual place for relaxing & fun drinking times!
This place is always a lot of fun.  I get over the clubs pretty quickly in Vegas, and it's nice to have a bar where you can hang out and talk while enjoying good beer and good music.  Go after 9:00 for the live band, they are fantastic!  I love Irish music and made this place a must on my to do list for my most recent trip to Vegas, and it will stay on that list.  We made a reservation through Open Table and got a spot right in front of the stage.  Funnel Sticks, Beer, and the Irish Fiddle filled my evening.  The sticks I'm referring to are a desert on their menu.  Like funnel cake, but in stick form; easy to dip in the three sauces they provide, strawberry, chocolate, and caramel.  Just like at the fair, but bring friends, caus they give you a lot.  I dream of the day I have enough friends in Vegas at one time to get the Tap Table.  It's the bigger, standing table, as you enter that has it's own tap and counter to see what you're consuming.  Kind of a gimmick, but I love gimmicks!  I'll be back Nine Fine, I'll be back...
My wife and I consider the Nine Fine Irishmen Restaurant and the band one of the greatest spots in all of Las Vegas - and we don't drink. The food is great. The band is fantastic!
This is always a happening place when you go by and the food and beer is well worth stopping for. The restaurant/bar is a maze of rooms that have you feeling like you're sitting in an old Irish country place of some kind. When they have the live Irish music going on this place gets really wild and is nearly impossible to get in, let alone trying to navigate through the maze of rooms. I have to admit that the staff could use a customer service injection, but maybe they're all just hung over from the non-stop partying going on at this place.
Really cool Irish pub located in New York New York.  Nice decor and the sheppards pie was amazing.  Alittle disappointed that there was barely any TV's, probably would have stayed for more drinks if there were.
How can you get such an authentic Irish feel to a bar in the middle of a casino floor?  You start off with an all wood interior.  Add a dash of good live entertainment playing Irish classics.  Then add copious amounts of Irish whiskey and voila! You have a little piece of heaven.    Having men in full military dress helps, too :)
Authentic Irish pub with great Guinness mixer selections and the best potato crusted salmon ever!!
I ate here this past Sunday evening for a late dinner with my girlfriend.  Whenever we walked by the place was packed but we were told that it would only be a 10 minute wait.  Less than 5 minutes later we were in and seated.  The inside of the place was cool, done mostly in wood and there was an Irish band playing like there is every night after 9.  For dinner my girlfriend and I decided to start off by splitting the goat cheese salad and beer cheese dip.  The salad was pretty refreshing as it had a vinaigrette dressing with a nice big hunk of goat cheese on top of it.  However it paled in comparison to the beer cheese dip which came served with some crackers and bread.  Man was that stuff good and very cheesy!  You could even taste the hint of Smithwick's that went into it. For my entree I decided on the bangers and mash since we were at an Irish place.  It came with two links of sausage covered in a mushroom sauce covering the mashed potatoes which in turn were covered with cabbage.  My favorite part of my entree was the mashed potatoes which had some mustard seed in it which gave it a nice taste.  Other than that the rest of my entree was also good.  The bottom line for me is that I would head back here in the future but before the live band starts at 9 PM.  You see the state of NV has an 18%+ sales tax on all food and drinks when there is live entertainment or so our waiter explained to me.  So while I enjoyed the food and atmosphere that definitely left a sour taste in my mouth.
I took a friend here for his first Guinness and he loved it, the bartender Jose sold us on some Jameson shots for $5, and it hit the spot. There were 8 Irish visitors there as well, and they added to the experience. (6 guys and 2 girls, and they were nuts) Make it a point to go there and enjoy the experience, you won't be disappointed. We had the onions rings, and they were some of the best I have ever eaten. Go deep, go long. Enjoy.
This was my first stop in Vegas!  I stayed at New York, New York and someone had recommended this bar as a MUST-GO!  I wasn't too hungry, but decided to split a few appetizers and drinks with my friend.  We were there around 10pm, so the band was playing and they even had an Irish Stepdancer to perform, which was awesome.  (Always had an admiration for them!)    We split the Drunken Onion Rings and the Steak and Stout Pies.  Both were absolutely DELICIOUS!  The onion rings didn't really show the bloody mary flavor, but they were some of the best I've ever eaten.  And the Steak & Stout pies I would definitely get again.    Service was great -- our server was attentive and friendly.   I would come here again!  It's a really fun atmosphere!
Located inside the casino of New York, New York, this is an easy and conveniently located restaurant.  Once yiou step inside, you no longer feel like you are within Vegas.  It is decorated like a traditional Irish Pub, with imported decor from Ireland.  The food is traditional Irish fare, and really good ... the fish and chips are amazing!  Service is really good, and friendly.  It was my friend's birthday, and the waitress treated my friend to a free Baby Guinness Shot.  What's not to like?  Great food, good service, awesome drinks.
Guiness, heinkeen, stella, do I need to write something else? This is a great place to grab a beer and eat. The typical onion rings have a tinge of alcohol and their wings or sausages were good. The service is really good and they could accomodate my veggie requests. The server Kelly is awesome and always with a smile!
First... it's a pub and you have to realize the food is pub food.  Not fine dining.  The sheppard pie was meh. The meat was more like ground beef than chunky beef as described in the menu.  There wasn't much texture on top of the pie.  I was expecting some kind  crusty texture.  The drunken onion rings had no bloody mary type flavor.  Tasted just like Onion battered with the fish n chip batter.  The service and beers were good.  I would say go here to get your drink on and grub a little on some mediocre food.
Excellent  food and service! My friend and I decided to visit this restaurant  based  on yelp reviews and it was a right decision! We have never tried Irish cuisine before  so we wanted to have something unique and special. The food was very good and service was attentive. We ordered Colcannon soup, Shepherd pie,  Irish bangers and some salad.   Honestly, we wanted to try more from their menu (I did a long list of dishes " must try")  but we were run out of  free space in our stomachs. :)  Everything was good but especially a want to mention is a Colcannon soup.  It was something unbelievable! So tasty and tender!  Every spoon every sip of this soup made me  uncontrollably  produce slight groan  "m-m-m"!  in pleasure.   Folks. This soup is "a must"!  Really recommend to try it in the first place.
This place was really disapointing. I had really high hopes the music was good and its a cool atmosphere but the food that we ordered wasn't  good. We had lamb stew and shepherds pie. They were both pretty bland.
I get the occasional itch to visit Irish Pubs. The atmosphere is normally different from the typical bar. And Nine Fine Irishmen confirmed my love for pubs. The band was surprisingly good. There seems to be another level but it was closed for a private party. The bottom level was small and tables seemed to be oddly placed. I did enjoy the overly drunk very Irish bar patron that was offering me $20 per beer because the bartenders had cut him off. When the band didn't seem Irish enough for him he would scream obscenities until a more authentic song started playing.  The crowd varied and everyone was friendly. The bartenders were friendly and maintained eye contact with me to get me another $10 Guinness as soon as I started running low. Not sure if there is typically a cover but not having to pay a cover and good live music will have me coming back for more.
I absolutely love this pub! I've never tried the food so some might question why I'm giving it 5 stars. I've been coming to this little gem almost as long as I've been coming to Vegas. The atmosphere is great and the drinks are up to par. I'm not like most people who come to Vegas to club or gamble. I come to party, well, at least my way. I love to bar hop in the casinos making my rounds. I usually don't hop around to much because once I come to the Nine Fine Irishmen I usually end my night here. I love that they have a live cover band! I always look forward to hearing them play. I even got a shout out once for my birthday. I was beyond excited.   If you're looking for a good time in Vegas and are not big on clubbing, but feel like getting hammered. Look no further. The Nine Fine Irishmen pub will take care of you. Trust me you won't want to leave.
"Fine" and "Irish"...in the same sentence!?!  The bar is beautiful, and the ambiance is great.  Especially with a nice little Celtic band playing little ditty's whilst you sip a pint.  However, this is not a true Irish bar experience, as there is no soccer playing on a lonely TV screen, no one is passed out on the bar, or in a booth, and "dirty" is not in the tittle.  It is a nice break from the piano bar across the way though.
This place is actually pretty awesome for a strip hotel bar.  Went here a few weeks ago hoping for some decent brew prices and a place to chill and it fit the bill completely.  Bartenders were friendly and good with service, beers were reasonably priced for Vegas, and the atmosphere was very social.  They have TVs to watch various games, it's a comfortable atmosphere, and the beer/cheese dip appetizer I had was surprisingly delicious.  I'm from Wisconsin and when you're from there you know your cheese but this stuff was REALLY good.  We also were just in the mood for a snack and it turned out to be plenty filling.  When you're down there anyway spending gobs of money on all sorts of entertainment, this place is a pretty good stop for slowdown in the action.  Good down to earth feel; highly recommend.  I normally reserve my five-star reviews for something spectacular but between all the bars/clubs I've been to in Vegas including other Irish bars this restaurant actually made me feel better than most so I have to give it some props.
My wife and I ate here one night while staying in the hotel.  We both very much enjoyed our meals, I had Shepherd's Pie and my wife had Chicken Pot Pie...which both come in metal buckets.  Odd presentation but tasty.  Far from the best I've had but not bad.  Prices were fair for the food but overpriced for the drinks and service was okay.  A little rushed but not rudely.  Live music is awesome but unfortunately we were seated in an area where we couldn't see the band though.  Worth checking out for food and entertainment but not a good Irish Pub to hang out and drink in.
I love this bar. It is always full of people and the music is spot on, authentic. It's a good thing the atmosphere is so amazing though because this place does have a few downsides.  First one- there is a cover charge which is odd for a bar. I understand that there is a live band playing... but still. It's not a night club. Although, a little tip for the military- show your ID and you get in for free. Even dependents!  Second one- the drinks are ridiculously expensive! Ok, I know it's a bar in Vegas, so it is to be expected to a certain extent, but $11 beers?? And I'm not talking Guiness, I'm talking Coors! Yikes!  Third one- lack of seating. The layout of this place is really awkward and hard to navigate. It is fairly narrow and situated so that most seats can get at least a small view of the band playing on stage. I don't know about you other ladies out there, but I am usually walking the strip in heels and dying for a place to sit down with my beer.  My favorite thing about this place?? You can't smoke inside! It is one of the few bars that I know of that I can actually breathe in! Ultimately, this is a destination bar. You come here to stay here for the night not just pass through and I love it.
Ate here - food was meh but I shouldn't have been expecting much. They have a great selection of Irish and English beers on tap, and live music on a lot of nights. More of a place to drink than to eat.
How have I never reviewed this place? We came here all the time when we lived in LV. Kinda sad that one of the more "authentic" Irish bars in Vegas is on The Strip, but they do a damn respectable job. Well portioned car bombs, amazing bloody marys, and, oooh, the sausages. Good music, good colcannon, and genuinely Irish and Scottish guys working the bar. Prices are what you'd expect on The Strip, but you get quite a bit of personality and good stuff for that price.  One of our favorite things to do here was to just order a couple of drinks and maybe an appetizer, and go hang out on the 2nd floor outside balcony overlooking the Strip.  Never very crowded out there (because there isn't any service), and the people- and light-watching is great.  If you're coming to listen to music, and you want to sit, be sure to get there early.  It's packed every night around the stage.
Awesome place. Just about the best bar on the strip in my book. It feels authentic enough (obviously it isn't, but it tries very, very hard). If you like Irish pubs, you'll like Nine Fine Irishmen.   First, they have good Guinness. On a Saturday night, they will pour it quickly and in plastic cups. On a regular day, it's poured correctly and in the normal glass pint. Obviously, the latter is better.   However, those weekend nights are fun too. There is a cover of $5 for live music is great for Vegas. The band is fun - a mix of Irish and other musics, and they really get the bar going.   The food looked tasty, but I didn't have any. Service, even when it wasn't busy, was fine but not great.
Ate here last Saturday with a group of 4 guys. We sat upstairs, it was cool because we could hear the Irish band and people watch as we ate. It was a warm night and we found out after we ate that we could have sat on the patio. Patio had heaters and a nice view of the strip, nobody was out there at all, it would have been cool. Anyhow we started with the fried sausage basket appetizer. Very good and a ton of food. Also had the Beer cheese dip which was also good. I ordered the rib eye. Pictures attached, it was cooked perfect and was as tasty as the steak I had at jean  George the night before. Mike had the chicken pot pie (pic attached) huge and delicious. Andrew had the bangers and mash or (2 dong platter) as  we called it. See pics. Andrew enjoyed putting 2 sausages in his mouth very much. John also had the rib eye. We ordered peas and goat cheese mashed potatoes as our sides. Both excellent. Bang for the buck, food was great. Next time I will eat on the patio. I rarely eat at the same place 2 times in Vegas but this will Be a go to for me from now on.
Excellent meal, great service, and very welcoming.  My wife and I were staying at NYNY and decided to have lunch here.  We found a coupon in one of the Vegas magazines for a free appetizer with the purchase of two meals.  We started with the Beer N' Cheese dip.  The dip comes with a few stick-type breadsticks, sliced fresh bread, and wheat crackers.  The dip was very cheesy and tasted like real cheese.  It was a little awkward to scoop the dip since it was so thick, but it was still a good choice.  For our meals, we had the Sloppy Pat and the Chicken and Brie Cheese Sandwich.  Both were great, I especially loved the chicken sandwich.  Both meals were served with steak fries (chips for you Irish folk)  They were very crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.  We ate them in traditional fashon with vinegar rather than catsup.    We also had a few New Castles and a Harp.  Both were nice and cold and tasted great.  Overall, the $60-ish we spent on our meal and drinks were a pretty darn good deal in my opinion (we had spent $18 on two hotdog meals the prior day on the casino floor)  Great alternative to a buffet, food is much better quality and left me as much, if not more satisfied.
Dope little spot, dont try to follow trends, and stay legitimate Ireland.   You can feel the vibe everywhere you look and can't get away from Guniness if you wanted to.    If you really like to spend the night fighting the Irish like Notre dame, I would suggest you do what I did and get the gauntlet of Jameson shots.  The regular store commodity Jameson, the 12 year version and the creme de la creme, the 18 year bad boy.    Vegas,  here i come
I must warn you, the following review is from a fan of all things Jameson's IRISH WHISKEY.  I have visited NFI 4 to 5 times in the past 3 years. Although I don't much care for the NYNY hotel in which it is located, I highly recommend starting your evening of debauchery w/ NFI. They always have a band playing Irish tunes, and a crazy Asian woman ( nightly regular) dancing a jig. Not sure what her story is, but she isn't even the wackiest "thing" you will run into here. On this particular visit, an older gentleman in his 60's came into the bar with an unusual date...... A six foot tall Marilyn Monroe impersonator, with a prominent Adam's Apple. Good Times. I sent him over a shot believing he needed it more than me. Makes for good entertainment, even if their alcohol prices are on the high side (even by Strip standards). Shot of the good stuff is $12, yikes! Interior is very authentic Irish, and the place seems to get crowded fast. Band usually plays from 8pm 'till midnight. Staff is friendly and efficient.
The single star is for the awesome interior and atmosphere. And that's where the star-ness ends.  - We were told we'd have a 15-20 minute wait, which was fine... until half an hour went by and we went from buzzed, happy-but-hungry to straight up sober and hangry. When finally seated, we were brought to a very private table at the top of the stairs near the back which we initially thought was awesome, except we later suspected they put us there just to forget about us.  - After receiving our waters, my husband and I added Mio flavoring to ours. Our waitress immediately got snotty with us and demanded to know who had gotten us a drink so that she could add it to our tab. Wtf.  - Only ONE page for the entire dinner menu, including salads and appetizers? Pathetic.  - My husband ordered the lamb stew, and for nearly $20, boy was it lackluster. Considering how mediocre and mushy it was, they could at least have served him more than one ladle-full.  - While at dinner for over an hour, our waters were NEVER refilled. Not even once.  - Between the six of us multiple salads, stew, fried sausages, and onion rings were ordered. The ONLY things worth ordering were the appetizers (which were delicious). No joke. No one even finished their boring, overpriced salads.  - A bus boy brought us a basket of starter bread when we were almost done with our meal. Thanks, I guess.  Needless to say, we were especially miffed that we were forced to tip a rude waitress who basically showed up to our table only to take our orders and then give us our bill. (Please keep in mind that we received this awful service on a weekday evening in the slow month of February.)  I've worked in the service industry for years, and I understand the trials and hard work that go into customer service. However, the staff at Nine Fine Irishmen is in some DIRE need of lessons in customer service. Have already been warning several of my Vegas-bound friends away from NYNY and all of the food establishments there!
I was really looking forward to our visit based on ratings and a LV resident recommendation.    That said, I have had much better Irish food in NYC and ATL.  And the service, while friendly, was very slow on delivering the food.  Ordered battered sausage and onion rings for apps - both were very good.  For entrees, shepherd's pie and herb crusted arugula and goat cheese salad with shrimp.  Shepherd's pie was a large portion (good), with great mashed on top but the meat was dry - no gravy!?  If it had some moisture to it, it would have actually been a really good shepherd's pie....  The shrimp on the salad was tough and overcooked (re-heated??).  Seemed like they had been sitting around too long or had been cooked the day before.  Ordered a Stoli and tonic but somehow got a Smirnoff and tonic (shown on the bill).  Perhaps it is unfair to expect to have great pub food in LV...but it's such straightforward and simple food, I would have thought it would have been a no-brainer.  Maybe Ri-Ra would have been a solid bet because it is a chain...but I will get my pub food at Olde Blind Dog in ATL :)  Atmosphere was fantastic and authentic....I am sure the live music is a good time too.
My first experience at 9 Fine Irishmen was during Viva MyVegas launch week. They poured a nice cold mixed glass of Stella and Strongbow (magners perhaps)... It was enjoyed thoroughly!  The steak was good... Not great, but good... It had a bit more gristle than I was expecting, but that happens sometimes with the particular cut I chose. It was tougher though than it should have been...  The Mac and cheese was great, rich, creamy and steaming hot! The colcannon mashed potatoes however were not the greatest... and none to hot and unfortunately the waiter was gone long enough that it wasn't worth waiting to get it changed out for new stuff.... You know when mashed potatoes sit to long on a line and they get that over starched hardness... Think that, but cold, with mixed in cold uncooked cabbage and ham.    The rest of the meal went rather well... The atmosphere was a bit darker than I would have cared for.. In fact it was hard to see the stairs... I can deal with darkness in a restaurant at the table... But the stairs, is usually a good place to keep things rather well lit.   MyVegas we behind on the viva launch and had only one POS terminal setup... As such my first receipt did not have a Viva code, I talked to the waiter about the program and he gladly reprinted my receipt on a terminal with the viva integration...   Overall my experience was pretty good... However nothing I would write home about, and it was below my initial expectations... I personally would go there again and give them a second chance to see if things improve. Nothing scared me off...
Great music. Great beer. Very fun spot. Fish and Chips are excellent. Shepard's Pie is also one of my favorites there.
I had a comp to spend at New York New York, so I spent it here. Food is good. Fun place to eat in Vegas. I was surprised that they didn't have a larger beer selection, though. It's also not as expensive as other similar restaurants.   The decor was awesome; I'm not always a fan of thematic dining but it was charming and not over-the-top. Our server was very friendly.   Colcannon mashed potatoes = heaven.   Nice place to grab a beer and some decent Irish fare if you're hungry on the strip.
fish and chips.....Perfection, add Guinness? Heaven! add my sisters there with me? well kids it just doesn't get any better than that!  We stopped in for dinner our first night in Vegas for a sisters reunion. The band was full on loud, the place was hopping but we got a table upstairs and enjoyed every bit of it! A great menu with lots of choices and a fun atmosphere made it a great evening out!  The decor is  fun and very Irish, the staff are helpful and attentive, the prices not bad for a Vegas spot. I come here each time I am in Vegas and it never disappoints but this trip was extra special!
Good place for a drink and very fun atmosphere. The beer was really good and ther service outstanding. I figured they would have more of a selection but thats okay it was still totally worth it. The food was better than expected too! I thought it would just be bar food but it was fantastic.
My first time experiencing this place was a very fun and memorable one. I had never been intimately involved with any one of Irish kin before so it was a new kind of culture I was being exposed to. There was an awesome band playing that night and the crowd and I were totally digging it. I also had a newfound love for cider which was all I drank when I came here. The upstairs bar and lounge area is really pretty in addition to the downstairs decor. It really feels like a true Irish pub. There was even a couple celebrating their marriage there that night and they were coming all the way from Ireland! And they were all smiling ear to ear so of course you know they should have great taste in an American Irish Pub. I didn't get to try any food, just had some drinks and enjoyed the music and danced all night. And lastly, might I say the best part of being here for me was falling in love.
A really truly fabulous restaurant.  Being in New York New York, it has a great old, casual pub feel.  I know they often do live Celtic music around 9PM.  A group of us girls went here after a day of shopping and walking about on Fremont St (Old Vegas).  We started by ordering four Irish car bombs to celebrate our weekend in Vegas.  Our waiter was incredibly accomodating and friendly.  Between the four of us, we ordered: - Beer & Cheese Dip - Steamers - Grilled Salmon Salad - Shepherd's Pie - Herb Crusted Goat Cheese Salad - A Nightly Special: Crusted Snapper (?)  I personally had the Shepherd's Pie, which was beautifully served in a pail.  The food was very good and decently priced (for Vegas).  Overall, I would definitely come again.  The atmosphere was casual and relaxing and the food was superb!
My boyfriend and I ordered the tomato salad and the bread and cheese for appetizers. I wasn't all that excited over getting the tomato salad. I even happily enjoyed the bread and cheese for a good five minutes before even taking a bite of the tomato salad. But I was more than pleasantly surprised by the tomato salad. It was SO DELICIOUS, I wished I ordered one just for myself. The bread and cheese was delicious, as well. Whatever they're doing to make that cheese, they're doing it right.  I also ordered the fish and chips. Pretty good, but I honestly liked the chips better than the fish.  My boyfriend ordered the shepherd's pie. He liked it a lot. I ate a bite or two and really liked it! I would have had more if I wasn't so stuffed from everything else.  Service was nice, polite, and quick.
This was the first place I ate in Vegas after the long flight from the Baltimore area. I met up with some coworkers to enjoy a dinner together before they head back east.   The bread and cheese appetizer was outstanding. It came with a nice sample of various breads and the cheese was quite tasty.   I also ordered the shepherd's pie. For an $18 entree, I would have expected a larger quantity of food and for it to be more flavorful. It wasn't terrible by any stretch, but it just was surprisingly bland.   The ambience was really cool to me. We sat in the upstairs portion in a booth that felt secluded from the rest of the guests -- like we had our own private dining space.   The server was very friendly and accommodating but the service itself seemed a little bit slow-paced for my liking.   All-in-all, I thought this was an ok dining experience, but wouldn't go out of my way to be a repeat customer.
God I love this place! Black and tans and shepherds pie, really make the perfect night for me!
Horrible pour of a Guinness pint! Glasses are not branded and the they didn't even tilt the glass, plus no one is Irish who works there...!
Very good authentic Irish restaurant on the strip. i can't seem to find one around the Pomona valley in LA. So this one will do. Great Shepherd's Pie and Irish Stew by the way.
I'm not normally a potato soup fan, but on the recommendation of a friend I tried it.  Wow!  It was fantastic!  You have to try it.  My mother makes bread pudding which I really like.  I've tried it in restaurants on occasion, but it's never very good - too dry or the texture is just off.  So also on a recommendation of a friend, I tried the bread pudding here.  They make it in a cup and dump it upside down on a plate in front of you.  This was the best bread pudding I've ever had.  I've also had salads and brauts there and have never been disappointed.  I'm looking for an excuse to go again.
You need the beer and cheese dip.  Great beer selection, including a few tables with built in taps for Guinness and Harp; you just swipe your card and serve yourself.  Too legit!
I am giving this restaurant 5 stars because it is an excellent value for your money.  The atmosphere closely resembles a traditional Irish pub with dark wood paneling, dim lighting and wood tables.  We started our meal with the beer and cheese dip, which was outstanding.  I actually hate beer, so I wasn't expecting to enjoy this appetizer, but it was incredible.  We also ordered the drunken onion rings, which were quickly consumed by our group.  I ordered the horseradish crusted sea bass for my entree and loved every bite.  My friend who ordered the New York steak encrusted with blue cheese said that it was the best steak he had ever eaten.  Our server was right there when we needed her and answered all of our questions about the menu.  Typically one does not think of fine dining when one thinks of Irish cuisine, but I can't say enough good things about the food and atmosphere at Nine Fine Irishmen.  We spent about $40 per person including beer and cocktails, which I felt was an excellent value.  Highly recommended!
If Disneyland created an Irish pub, it might be this nice. This is apparently an authentic Irish pub (supposedly built in Ireland, then imported). The interior is fun, festive and authentic. There is often a live Irish music. When we were there the band was excellent. The website lists times with live music.   The food is very good. All of the entrees were perfectly prepared. Even though the meat cuts were not of the same caliber of some local steak houses, I think they were actually better prepared than many others. The sides are simple and true to tradition. Buttered peas (peas with butter), creamed corn (corn with cream, simple and not overdone), the mashed potatoes were smooth with shallots and garlic mixed in. The quality seems consistent across the menu.   My only complaints are that the music is too loud for conversation (most people seemed happy though) and the wait staff were more South American than Irish (though friendly and attentive).    Nine Fine Gentlemen is like an oasis in a desert of invented chef restaurants. Yes, this was invented too, but they got this one right.
The construction going on right now (I visited during May of 2013) is a little annoying, but it doesn't take away from the restaurant/bar as a whole.  During a trip with friends to NYNY over Memorial Day weekend, we spent 3 consecutive afternoons at 9 Fine having some beers and an appetizer before dinner.  It was time well spent.  The bartenders are friendly and have good stories.  There are the usual beers you would expect at at Irish pub, and they get them to you quickly.    For appetizers, the beer n cheese dip is a must.  It's a lot of dip made with Smithwick's and served with several types of bread for dipping.  Just fantastic, we easily finished it.  The onion rings were not as big of a hit.  There are quite a few to an order and they are served with a good spicy mustard.  But, they need seasoning, we had to really salt them.  Overall, the dish was just flat.    I don't know how they did it, but they almost create a put atmosphere that makes you forget you are in a huge casino.  It's a fun place, and if you can get a seat at the bar, don't give it up without some thought, it will be gone quickly...
I really enjoyed the atmosphere they were able to create, it's a very spacious 2 story Irish pub in the midst of the gaudy New York New York casino in Las Vegas.  Though it does seem somewhat artificial, like a corporate themed restaurant that hired customer insight specialists to put together what the mass consumer beer drinking target demographic would expect in an Irish themed bar, that doesn't mean it doesn't appeal to the average party of gastropub going fans.  Besides you're in Vegas, who goes to places to scrutinize every detail anyway?    I was seated upstairs in a semi-private table corner, as the bar was full and a local Irish 4 person band was playing to the delight of the crowd.  The hostess took me upstairs and pointed out the 9 busts of heads, who I think were the owners of the restaurant.  There was a whole description of them somewhere in the menu or on the side, but I didn't bother to read it.  They have an excellent selection of beer and cocktails, which would have been seriously disappointing if they didn't.    For the appetizers, they had a whole selection of standard gastropub food and then some.  If I lived here, I could see myself coming in and trying out their meat pies or sausages just as a meal in itself or as accompaniments to beer.  But since I wanted to try something different, I opted for the beer and cheese dip.  It was interesting, they serve it with different types of bread, which gives it a variety of textures.  The dip itself is a combination of 4 cheeses, which blended into a cheesy, salty range of flavors.  It was good, but after 3 or 4 bites I had enough.  Something about mixing that many cheeses together didn't sit well with me and I opted for munching on the breads sans cheese instead.  For the main dish I had the shepherd's pie, which is one of my favorite things to eat.  They make it ok here, the whipped potato on top was light and fluffy and the ground beef (which makes it cottage pie actually) underneath was flavorful and hearty.  I would definitely recommend the dish and one of their stouts to wash it down.  Looking at other tables, I want to come back and try their chicken pot pie.  Service was really good too.
My wife and I always visit this place when we come to Vegas. My wife is half Irish and really loves this place. Music is always good and the crowd always seems to have fun. The different selections of beers makes this place great. Atmosphere is great.       I recommend a visit if you want to relax with a few beers and music. It does get crowded late at night and its hard to find a seat but if you're ok standing, then it's no problem. Sometimes they have a cover charge.
Delicious food, but worst table in the house. If it seems like you're in a hallway, ask to move. Service was just okay. Fairly expensive.
The Nine Fine Irishmen is located in the New York New York Hotel and Casino on the Vegas strip.  We stopped by during happy hour for beer and appetizers. Everyone at our table went with the Guinness, but my husband got a Black & Tan and I ordered a Celtic Breeze cocktail since I'm not a huge fan of beer.  The Beer N' Cheese Dip appetizer and Brie platter were great (can you really go wrong with cheese?).    The atmosphere and decor was super fun, maybe a bit artificial, but isn't everything in Vegas a little artificial?
Just visited this awesome irish pub located in New York New York in vegas. This place is very cool. There is a certain vibe that I can't put my finger on but somehow the place transforms your experience to a different place and time. It's all good!!!  The food is very good and since we were with a large party we pretty much got to try everything and everyone was happy with their selection. Upstairs the have more private seating areas. We got a table that was very private but not so much that we felt isolated. The manager even stopped by to check on us.   For me this place is a must go to place when in vegas.   Don't eat before you go if you want to be seated at a table. They only seat people if you are ordering food. Everyone else has to fend for themselves in the bar. We actually hung out in the bar after we ate because by then they had live entertainment. So if you already ate, just do that.
Had the Fish and Chips as well as the Chicken Pot Pie.  Portions were large and ambience fun, yet the price for the fish and chips seemed a bit high for their mediocre quality.  Just good, nothing special.  The Chicken Pot Pie however was wonderful and very worth the 21$ price tag.  Covered with a rich and flakey puff pastry, this steamy stew could be the favorite of any regular here.
Fabulous all the way around!  Ambiance feels authentic like you have just walked in an old Irish pub! Complete with live music! Ordered a salad fresh quality and different in a good way!   Best soup ever is the Colcannon soup! OMG I will be craving this the rest of my life! Fabulous service and laid back crowd!
Everyone told me Vegas has great food. On a recent trip I did not experience anything close to great until our stumble into Nine Fine Irishmen.    Literally felt like I stepped into a slice of Ireland. this place felt so cozy, i wanted to sit and stay awhile.  Service was superb the entire time, our waitress was a doll.   Started off with an appetizer of the Beer n' cheese dip.  Assorted breads complete with a cheese dip infused with Smithwick's Irish Ale.  One of the best cheese dips I have ever had, I could have had this as my meal (with all the carbs I inhaled, I probably should have) OH well, when in Vegas! :)  For lunch I got the Corned Beef Sandwich.  Corned beef was chopped up in bit sized pieces making this the easiest corned beef sandwich to eat.  Corned beef was piled high and falling out the sides, i had the bacon mayo topped this baby and it was a big hot delicious mess that I enjoyed every second of.   I could not move mind you after this entire experience, but ohhh it was so worth it.  Next time I am in Vegas, this will surely be on my to do list again. DELICIOUS!
Though I strongly disliked Las Vegas in general, I loved this very authentic Irish pub. As someone who has spent time in Ireland, I didn't feel that it was as gimmicky as many American pubs. The food was AMAZING. My dad and I had the tomato salad and the shepherd's pie. So good!  I also had a pint of Magners, which is not that easy to find here in the states. If you're looking for a great place to eat, head here!
A good time out.  This is an Irish pub style restaurant/bar which has live music starting around 9 pm.  We've never gone their for the food but they have a variety of British/Irish beers and 4 varieties of both Jameson and Bushmills whiskey (they had other whiskey but I could make out the labels).  Its a fun place with a pretty good house band playing music (they had sports on a Screen put up on the stage before the band started).  I've never been there to eat but this is such a fun place that I can't help but give it 5 stars.
The food and service was great! We especially enjoyed Rich and his right-on recommendations. The atmosphere is very relaxed. I will recommend the restaurant to friends.
For Vegas, this place is a great deal, and a splurge to boot.  The happy hour prices are very reasonable, although happy hour is only at the bar.  We went a couple times for HH and once for brunch. Beer selection is good, food was great. We splurged on the cheese deep and the fried sausages. Breaded and fried sausages, with a creamy mustard sauce to dip! They were absolutely delicious and probably put me close to cardiac arrest. Only in Vegas!  The brunch was also excellent; I had the full English breakfast which was a nice selection of different things to try. I don't think I'll eat blood pudding again, but I was glad I tried it.  The sandwiches got rave reviews as well. Definitely recommend trying this place, especially if you stay at NY NY.
Located inside the New York New York Hotel and Casino, my bf recommended this place for dinner after having tried it during his last trip to Vegas.  The food here was excellent. Unfortunately they have (loud) live entertainment nightly and the people were jiggin'. Usually I'm all about live music and dancing but it's not ideal when you're looking to have a nice dinner and in the mood to chat. It was really difficult to hear anyone talk, even our server.  We started with the baked brie and I felt like a kid ordering this for my entree but I ordered a side of mac 'n cheese for dinner. The baked brie was tasty served with a balsamic reduction and the accompanying lavosh crackers were really good. The portion was a bit small to share comfortably among 3 people but it was a great starter.   The mac 'n cheese here was wonderful. It was the picturesque unadulterated mac 'n cheese that I love and yearn for. A perfect crusty and cheesy top with an ooey-gooey cheesy sauce and elbow macaroni underneath. I ate the whole side and I was plenty full.  For dessert, the bf ordered the drunken whiskey apple cake. The caramel sauce on the plate was killer! The warm cake with the cool ice cream was just divine. A nice way to finish off the meal.  Our server was very playful and I couldn't tell if it was fake or real but he had an Irish accent which gave the place even more of a authentic Irish pub feel. All in all, homey, Irish comfort food that sticks to your ribs - yum!
Great ambience and great friendly service. Food is pretty ok too if you want some grub to go along with your drinks.
I went here alone while my husband played in a poker tournament. I got a nice little table in their patio thing that is right next to the slot machines in the casino so I could people watch.   I started off with the baked Brie. It was so good. Loved the cherries giving it a nice sweetness. It comes with little sliced baguettes. For dinner I got the shepherds pie.  It comes out in a little bucket which was awesome. This was so so tasty.  I walked a ways to get here after reading the yelp reviews, so I was very happy that the prior positive reviews were right. The staff was super friendly as well. I would definitely recommend this place.
My wife and I recently returned from another visit to Las Vegas.  We were again extremely pleased with the atmosphere and staff of the Nine Fine Irishmen Pub.  It is unfortunate that Jose does not work at the pub at this time, but Martin still does and this time we met Alan and Tony.  All were professional yet social.  On entering the pub, it is what one would expect if entering a pub in Ireland.  With no video poker machines in the place, it opens the door for friendly conversation between patrons as well as staff.  We didn't eat there this time, but they have changed the menu some and it looks to be for the better.  Thank you and we will return on our next visit.
Yes.  Yes yes yes.  When walking around the New York New York casino waiting for the doors to open for Zumanity, we popped into this place for some pints of Guinness.  Live Irish music was being played and they performed some songs I requested.  It reminded me of my favorite Irish pubs I've been to in and outside of Ireland.  For a few minutes I forgot I was in Vegas.  This was a great find.  We didn't have any of their food, but I will definitely be willing to come back here and eat here some time!
This place is fabulous - prices are reasonable, drinks are great, the venue itself is unique. My mouth is still watering remembering our meal there. Our server was the best we experienced during our whole Vegas stay.
Beer n cheese dip. Fried sausage. $6 each happy hour 2-5
I will give it to you straight.  You want to have a great time in a cool Irish Pub, then here it is.  Smithwicks on tap and Red Breast Irish Whisky.  The food here is very good.  We had the fish and chips (well prepared, not greasy) the ruben, big and Collcanon soup.  Service was fun and nice.  This should be on the list of must do's for Vegas unless you are the type that still thinks you have a system to take down the Black Jack table or sleep in sunglasses at a WSOP table.  GO, RAISE A PINT, HAVE FUN, SLAINTE.
This place needs some work, but I'm rating it on the food and drink which were sublime.   It's in New York, New York right off of the casino floor. When we got there, no hostess, I walked in and walked around confused for a while. Finally I walked back out and two ladies were positioned at the hostess stand. The hostess was pretty pompous and cold, standard issue "I'm doing you a favor by you being here..." eastern european from what I can tell, if you're going to be rude, at least be native to the theme of the restaurant, LOL!  OK great, she gets us a table in the pub area. No one comes around, I walk up to the bar. Pretty cool barman tells me he'll send some one over and some menus too. Finally a slow clueless but somewhat friendly waitress comes over, I ask her about the menu, she kind of stares back like she doesn't know what I'm talking about. I order a pint of the black stuff and ask for another minute.   Not a lot of Irish happenin on this menu. One lamb stew, one clam dish (with a tomato broth??) it's not that enticing. I order the clams and proceed to drink. The pogues come on the jukebox and I start drinking more and more then the food comes, WOWWWWW, the clams are out of this UNIVERSE, and I usually prefer mussels, this were a revelation. People were probably staring at me like I was a pig... annnnnd I am.   Had a bite of the wings (why are they on this menu???) but there were DELISH!!! I had a convo w/ the barman and said hey man, you've got beautiful fresh guinness on tap, a chef/cooks that clearly know what they're doing, and this staff (aside from him) that don't seem to be at all focused on the people or the theme of the place and a really dumb menu. Get it together! Oh and you have to have a deeper scotch selection, Irish Whiskey is good, but you HAVE to have a full whiskey bar w/ bourbon and scotch in an Irish restaurant. This place could be sublime, but not quite there....
Love love LOVE this place! There are plenty of good eats in Vegas, but this place is a top five stop for me when we're in town! The hostesses are SUPER nice and sweet and the servers are great. The gentlemen behind the bar are so fun to be around making the experience that much better! The decor is also great and pretty darn authentic if you ask me! I couldn't stop looking around.   Great beers on tap and a great menu!  I enjoyed a Newcastle, and they also had Guinness, Harp and a few other delicious beers on tap in addition to a long list of bottled beers and other spirits. I wanted to try EVERYTHING on the menu but obviously couldn't do that. So we started with onion rings that are soaked first in their Bloody Mary mix and then battered, fried and served with their spicy mustard... YUM! My friend had a Corned Beef sandwich and I enjoyed my sandwich (which I sadly can't remember the name of) but it had large slices of beef, peppers, spicy mustard and some beer-cheese sauce on it... DELICIOUS!   Stop here while you're down on the strip, it's in NY NY. I'm ready to go back NOW!
We decided to try this place out when we picked up tickets to zumanity and it was super yummy. We got beer cheese dip that was so good we wished we just had that was a meal.  I had a corned beef Reuben which was tasty it wasn't wow but a average sandwich. My fiance had Shepard pie he said it wasn't great but just huge. We also tried the goat cheese mashed potatoes which were so mouth watering and fried pickles which also was a wonderful dish. It's a good place to try out.
This place has the best onion rings in Las Vegas !!! They are gigantic and I'd recommend it. One order is enough to be shared with two people. It is fried to perfection. I also recommend the buffalo wings but get the sauce on the side. It is definitely one of the best in Vegas. It is cooked right, the skin is very crispy which I like.
I hate this place. Terrible service and dining experience. Hostess that doesn't really want to be there. Waitresses overburdened with vast real estate. Managers not paying attention and the food was subpar. Chicken pot pie was tiny and way undercooked.
From the atmosphere to the employees this place is great! Drinks aren't as stiff as if they were made at a bar by the house but still packs a punch. My wife recommends the Michael Collins. Prices are a little high but again, Vegas. The music is fantastic and for the most part they will play anything you request. Don't be cheap either. The Irish step dancer is phenomenal. The food is a must as well. Had their cheeseburger and it was tip top! Have had other food of the menu as well and all was great. If you haven't been here its a must stop. Great for any night of the week as well. Cheers!
Decor - 4 Service - 5 Presentation - 5 Taste - 3  I came here to celebrate a friend's birthday. We were sat almost immediately. I love that is live music playing, i just feel the dining area shouldn't be right next to it.  It was very difficult to have a conversation at our table, we were almost yelling at each other just to talk.     The food was okay, nothing special, nothing bad.  Our server was really nice and answered all our questions.  He even helped a little with doing something for the birthday boy.
A 'typical' Irish pub, and I mean that in a good way. We went here for a late evening snack, the place was quite crowded, but we managed to get a table upstairs. Once seated we got quick and very friendly service. We had chicken wings, nothing very exotic, but they came quick and tasted very good. All the time we were seated we got super service from the staff.   A band started to play Irish music downstairs, so after the chicken wings we went down to see the band. And they were really good, playing a mix of Irish folk songs, Irish rock classics and other rock tunes played in an Irish sort of way. Nice! The atmosphere in the pub was genuinely good, and we totally forgot that we were inside a hotel in Las Vegas.  All in all, this is a place I would like to come back to, anytime.
This is a very authentic Irish restaurant / pub. The food was outstanding, I had the NY strip steak and the roasted asparagus. Hands down one of the best steaks I've ever eaten and I washed it down with a black and tan, which was absolutely delightful. I would go there again, I would recommend it to a friend, and I would most certainly get the NY strip steak again!
Somehow I missed reviewing this restaurant while we were in Vegas. These are the notes I made on this place afterwards. As you can tell we definitely had a good time and enjoyed our drink immensely since I couldn't remember what we ate. I do remember that the food was fantastic, though.  I cannot tell you much about what we had here- it was good. The atmosphere was top notch. The drink was just fine. We would eat here if it were at home. The place packs out. We definitely enjoyed ourselves while we were here.
5 stars for Tony "Chicago", our fabulously awesome bartender!! The GM was very nice and has promised to change one of the two Guinness clocks to count down the Guinness Toast, as currently they are both wrong.  In an effort to keep a 5 star rating, for the Nine Irish Men, please check in with them regarding the clocks when you come to New York New York casino for a pint. (Ask for Chicago "Tony")
Nine Fine was one of the best meals I have ever had! I had the filet and shrimp and it was delicious! They also have live music at night which I didn't get to see but if the atmosphere is as amazing as dinner I will definitely be back.
Very good! Had the fried sausage and mustard dip as an appetizer and it was really good. The Guinness mustard is delicious and a different taste than normal mustard. Very good. As my main course I had shepherd's pie. It is the best shepherd's pie I have ever had and it was a huge portion. Another person in my group had chicken pot pie and it was also very good. It is a tomato based broth, which I have never had. It was surprisingly very good. I would order that again!  As "desert" I had an Irish coffee (Jameson and coffee) and someone in my group had a "mini Guinness" which is a shot that is 75% Kahlua and 25% Irish creme. It was really good!
Looking for a light meal to hold us over.... Made it just in time for happy hour. Happy hour prices reasonable for the strip and food was good . We had the beer and cheese bread dip and wings. Atmosphere was fun.
Awful will never go back staff was rude and bartenders were ghosts each time we wanted drinks they were gone! The best was when they charged a cover to get in and we went up stairs and sat down and they they closed the upstairs...REALLY I am paying to sit here! STAY AWAY!!! let this place die!
We ate here early on a Friday before the Zumanity Cirque show.  Atmosphere and service were spot on and the food was wonderful.  The potato & leek soup was scrumptious.  My husband liked his baked brie but I wasn't wild about the cherry relish on top.  The lamp stew was fabulous.  And the desserts: bread pudding and toffee cake were 'lick the plate' good.  This was one of our favorite meals in Vegas, food-wise.
Had Dave as a bartender and he recommended the nachos with corn bead to start with. It was very unique and great. Very pleased and great service.
Thank goodness one of my company's sponsors footed the bill for dinner here. We ate and drank ourselves silly. Service was good, especially considering the size of our large group. A few delights worth repeating: Cheese Dip Appetizer Mac N Cheese Goat Cheese Potatoes Rack of Lamb  NFI is good but there are probably better restaurants to make a destination in Vegas.
Front / outside under construction but get to the back/ outdoor bar. Not too many TVs there but it is more relaxed than the "we are trying too hard to be an Irish pub" feel attracting the masses to the main part of this bar. Food is good. Loved Cameron the bartender. Friendly, attentive, good guy.
I hadn't been to this place in over five years, but ended up here on the last night of my most recent trip to Vegas. My husband and I were hanging out with two British guys I had met at the pool and convinced them that Coyote Ugly was not worth the money. They are glad we did because they loved Nine Fine Irishmen! We all had a great time dancing to the live band who did covers and classic Irish songs, as well as chatting with the other patrons in the bar that night (it was not super crowded since it was a Tuesday). I really do believe that people who go to Irish pubs are some of the friendliest people around! A round of four beers with tax and tip ran me about $40 which was not too bad in my eyes since we were getting Guinness, Harp, and Smithwicks.  This is a great stop if you are at or near the NY-NY Hotel and want a casual, laidback evening in a bar with live music.
Reading the reviews on Yelp, I was excited to try this place. Unfortunately, it did not live up to my expectations. Bottom line was that the food was great (I had salmon), but my party of 2 waited almost an hour for our meal and it wasn't even really busy. Our server was not very attentive either. Would probably not go back given all of the other options in Vegas.
Very good service and food. However the band played some kind of weird form of Irish music.   I had the chicken pot pie. My friends had the fried sausages, a steak and the Irish stew. We had the Irish nachos as starter and added the corn beef topping.   If you are at New York, New York this is good choice.
I was here in 2008 with my gfs and remembered the bar.  I went back this October and made (a different) girlfriend go.  Great beer and whiskey selection.  I love the ambiance and culture of the pub.  The pub was packed for the Irish band.  I just love this place.
Started out well with a very nice hostess. The waitress took over 10 minutes just to acknowledge us. We ordered the Baked Brie appetizer and it arrived with the Brie in the pastry not hot, barley warm and cold in spots. The cheese was  solid and not melted. We would have sent it back but our waitress disappeared! Two of us ordered the chicken pot pie that was highly recommended. It arrived beautifully plated with a huge golden puff pastry on top. The interior was a different story. There was hardly any chicken and what there was was tough. The potatoes were hard and not cooked.  For $21 not worth the money.
I love this place. The food is always delicious if a bit on the rich side. The servers tend to be bubbly and helpful, the ambiance is is entertaining and lovely, and the entertainment is lively.  There is a special place in my heart for their Irish nachos and their chicken pot pie. We shared one meal with two sides and an appetizer amongst three of us and we all left more than satisfied. I highly recommend dropping in if you want to avoid those dissapointing buffets Vegas is known for.
Got the beer cheese dip because I saw it recommended here and was not impressed. Tasted like it was half velveeta with mozzarella melted on top, served with some pre-made breadsticks reminiscent of the Olive Garden and some crackers. Beers were $8 a pint for non-craft beer... That may be normal in the strip, but as a Portlander I was appalled.
We went here for dinner for our cousins the last night we were in Vegas and it was amazing!  I wish we would have came here the first night so we could eat there again before we had to leave.  The service was great, Brian was Irish and very friendly.  He recommended the cheese dip and the chicken pot pie and both were to die for.  A really fun place to go and eat with yummy dishes that are big enough to share.  We will for sure come back every time we go to Vegas.  A must go to!!!
The food was way overpriced and lacked any decent flavor. I did not even take my leftovers to go because I was so dissatisfied with how it tasted fresh. My friend's sausage was mushy in the middle and my Irish nachos were disgusting and made my stomach feel sick. We were paying separately and even sat at separate tables, but they insisted on putting us all on one check and making us split it ourselves. This put us over the limit that put a forced tip on our check. A forced tip that was very unearned. The service was horrible and slow. We saw our server once every 20 minutes or so. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy. Stay away. The pretzel's at Nathan's up the stairs are divine, and a hell of a lot cheaper. Just eat there. You'll be a lot happier if you did. I wish I would have.
This place was fun! The atmosphere was great. Service was fantastic!  I tried the Shepherds pie with cheese on top. It was tasty and a good portion.  I also had the Irish Nachos, which were good, but I prefer them from my local pub where they use real cheese and bacon instead of chicken and fake cheese sauce.  Asparagus was delicious and a great compliment to all the heavy fried stuff!  Mac and cheese was tasty but in all truth- could have used more cheese! Let's highlight the star of the dish people!   I'm definitely coming back!
Service was terrible.  Wait was horrific even for Vegas.  The entire staff was very rude and we are experienced dinners from So. Cal.  We will never return here and we have eaten here before two separate times. I don't know what has happened here.  Couldn't recommend it. Fix your helps attitudes towards customers.
We wanted good food and that's what we got! The service is friendly and the decor is nice. Plus at 9pm there's live music. I ordered the beer cheese dip with assorted breads... sooo good! I think there chicken pot pie must be good because the table next to me was raving about it. I got the shepherds pie since the waiter preferred it. It was tasty without a doubt but something tells me the chicken pot pie is the real winner there with a creamy tomato base and fluffy pastry topping. It's large portions there so sharing an appetizers is recommended.
Really wanted to like this place as we love pubs, but didn't have a great experience.  Went around 10:00 on a Saturday when it wasn't too crowded yet, but our service was really slow. The food wasn't especially good, not awful, but just tasted a little off in one way or another. For the price, we all expected better. The bright spot was the colcannon soup which two people in our group got and loved. The "Dubliner" martini sounded interesting, but turned out to be a very run of the mill, too sweet appletini.  We were especially bitter when the bill came and included a 20% "entertainment tax" despite the fact that we were seated in the back and couldn't even see the band. We probably would have eaten elsewhere if we had known it would end up being so expensive.
Food was good, service was bad. Had to wait over 10 minutes just for menus. Food took a long time and when we ask how much longer the waiter replied this is not Mc Donald's very rude. I won't be going back.
I never grow tired of this place.  I've been here almost a dozen times by now and will continue to return.  The new arrangement of the bar accommodated more people, and the outside was closed for construction.  But the food was great, and the pints were properly poured.    I've been there early with my daughter and would even recommend it for families if you're there before the late crowd starts getting loose.
Been here for the music, but this was our first time to eat and we were pretty happy. I'd read the reviews, so we knew how popular the Beer and Cheese Dip was and it did not disappoint. It was just very filling, so we didn't get to eat nearly as much of our lunches as we wanted. I opted for the chicken pot pie and my husband got the irish cheesesteak. My pot pie was a little strange with a tomato broth, but it was overall very tasty. My husband didn't like the sauerkraut on his sandwich, but was happy other than that.  It was pretty quiet when we went at 11:15am on a Monday, so service was perfect and our food came out very quickly. I would definitely go back. I wanted to get dessert, but we were way too full.
It's an Irish pub. Frankly, it's a lot like most Irish Pubs. The vibe, atmosphere, menu, drink offerings, etc. are pretty standard and mimic what you'd likely find in any other Irish pub. So I don't particularly find anything special about this place. But that said, my parents love it and always want to go here when they visit. That could be because they don't get out often and there's a lack of Irish pubs where they live. What is great about this spot is the bartenders. I usually have the same one and he is just awesome - very friendly and attentive.
Meh. I thought the menu would be bigger. Nice music after 9 P.M. - fun atmosphere.
Came into here for a team dinner.  We were greeted with a smile and seated promptly.  The hostess was very friendly talkative as we walked to our table upstairs.  We started off with the nachos with flat iron steak. It was really good and I was very impressed with how tender the steak was.  Two of the people in our group order the pot pie and it looked amazing.  I got the tomato salad. The balsamic vinegar was a bit overwhelming, but the cheese and tomatoes were very good.  My only complaint is I think our waiter was having a rough day. He didn't seem like he wanted to be at work and seemed irritated when he saw we needed refills.  I will definitely be back to give it another shot as the food was very good.
Recommended by one of my BFFs as a must stop, I am in love.  Love me some Guinness and the decor is amazing!  I would highly recommend getting a shot of Jamesons with your beer since it's only additional $5.19 after tax for the shot and the beer is almost $8.  Hey, if getting a good buzz is what you are after, get that shot since it's not super expensive considering we're in Vegas.   Live music every night after 9 pm and happy hour is only from 2p-5p.  No late night happy hour here.   I will for sure come back for more Guinness!!!
It was the best bar we went to the entire trip in Vegas. The live Irish band with Irish dancer was fantastic and I wish we could have spent every night of our trip here. The bartenders were friendly and poured great drinks and the prices were very reasonable. My friends and I had a blast and will for sure make it a destination every time we are in las Vegas.
Its a pretty cool Pub to go to if your on the Strip. The atmosphere is totally casual, they have a live band, a professional tap dancer and their staff is very nice.
We had two meals here during our recent trip to Las Vegas, so I'm covering both in this one review.  Thanksgiving Lunch:  Having a good Thanksgiving Lunch was important to us, we're usually the ones hosting it at our house, this year the wife and I decided to escape to Vegas, but we like our holiday meals and it had to be a good one.  If you read another review, you'll know another place in the New York New York Hotel messed up our reservation, this became our back up plan - in reality I think we actually lucked out here.  Not only did we get straight in on Thanksgiving Day with NO reservation, we were immediately seated and assigned one of the most friendly and bubbly servers who was very engaging in conversation and an absolute pleasure.  On top of that we had GREAT food so thank you Nine Fine Irishmen for coming to the rescue.  Between us, we tried most items on the Thanksgiving menu!  They had both turkey based and ham based main dishes, so we got one of each and traded back and forth.  They were both amazing.  The chowder soup starter was literally to die for, and the bread pudding desert - well if I wasn't in utter ecstasy eating it and making sure I got "my share" before the wife did I may have written down all the adjectives I wanted in my phone as notes for my subsequent review.  I almost just said, heck, forget the Blackjack tables, send us 4 of those to our room!  Suffice to say it was all eaten.  We're not generally people who get through entire deserts especially in a big meal like this, but we were not going to be defeated this time, and defeated we weren't!  Breakfast:  On a later day during out trip we decided to go back here for breakfast, after the Thanksgiving experience we wanted to try more and find out if it was as good in more general terms.  Well my phone notes for breakfast start with "OMG, most awesome breakfast ever, corned beef and sausage WOW".  I think quite honestly I can use that without having to even add anything more or really edit.  It stands for itself and is exactly how I remember it!
Nine Fine Irishmen is located inside of the New York New York Hotel. It's a nice, two-story Irish bar that serves all of the best whiskeys. They also have a pretty good selection of other alcohol.   I came for an event and we were placed on the second floor. They have a large bar on the top floor and that night they were featuring three whiskeys. I can only remember two of them, but those two were Jameson and Bushmills. Both were great, but I think I'm just more used to drinking Jameson.   They also had a large cheese platter and dessert platter. They had about 4 cheese to choose from and a couple sides that go along with the cheese. I really liked the one that was a mix of huge garlic, herbs, and oil. They also had several different types of grilled vegetables. They had about 8 different types of dessert and I was determined to try every single one. All of the desserts were small in size. I would say a couple bites worth each.   Since I came for an event I'm not really sure if all the appetizers and desserts are on the regular menu, but I had a great time here and I would definitely visit again when I come with friends.
Love Love Love this place...first time we went was a week night and the music was amazing..got drinks super quick...the second time was a couple days before my wedding and tried the irish nachos...soo freakin good....wanted to drink the cheese in a glass...speaking of drinking i had this very sweet irish martini that was a desert in a glass...can not wait to go back!!!
Chris wanted to go back to Il Fornaio but I wanted to try something new while we were away, big mistake. When we approached the podium the servers seemed confused, which I cannot find any reason for, you work at a restaurant we want to sit down....what's the mystery? They got it all worked out an sat us. There were bread plates on the table but no bread ever made it to us. Chris ordered the Lamb Stew. The broth/stock was excellent. The concept was good-clean simple flavors- but the execution was a miss for us. The lamb, carrots and potatoes were cut in chunks way WAY to big to fit on the spoon or eat in one bite. It is inconvenient to have to cut something in or bite into something from a soup. I ordered the salmon salad with the dressing on the side, but some other salad with pickles and chicken came out with the dressing on it. I didn't want to send it back so I just ate it. The dressing was light and tangy. It was a little too sour with the pickles. Actually the pickles in the salad were not good all together. We will be back this summer, staying in the Venetian and Nine Fine Irishmen will not be on our check list.
My wife and I came in for a late dinner. The Irish nachos and live band were excellent! I'd recommend for anyone!!
Loved it! Food was amazing. We can actually compare this to Irish food because we have been there. We enjoyed the company of our server. If we weren't staying at the Paris, we probably would have ate here again while we were in Vegas.
Vegas has an incredible assortment of culinary adventures and this one is no exceptions. We went here on a Saturday night and although we had made a reservation we had to wait a little while.  In the end we didn't mind because of the live music. It adds to the festive atmosphere.   The food: I had never really experienced Irish food, but the best explanation I could come up with was British food with extra flavor, so it was very delicious. The beer & cheese dip was amazing as was the crab cake. I ordered the chicken, which was a little dry and some bites were hard to get through. The mushroom and cheese cake that came with it was wonderful! Like a creamy and fluffy cheese muffin. Their drink selection was good, lots of good beers to choose from as well. Overall I will be returning there for sure!
The food is AMAZING and so is the atmosphere, so we've been here multiple times. This time, we came right before 9pm.... When the live music starts. We were at the table right behind the stage and the music was terribly loud. Having a conversation was basically impossible and the waiters could hardly hear you when they came by.   It was just really hard to enjoy the meal because of that. We all only finished half our meals before asking for boxes so we could leave ASAP. I'd go back again, but not after 9pm.
Great food. It was nice to go to a restaurant and have the waitress know what's good on the menu. Her recommendations where on point. Try the Colcannon Soup and grilled salmon salad.
Slept through breakfast so came here starving for lunch.  Was really busy for a Saturday lunch so we got seated immediately.  Started with the beer cheese dip.  Didn't really taste the beer but the dip was pretty good.  My entree the Irish Banger was soooooooo good.  The sausage, mash potato, and mushroom sauce was just such a perfect combination.  Everyone on my table tried and said my dish was the best. #winning
One of my fav places in Vegas.  Great food. Great atmosphere and it's in NY NY holla!!   We decided to go on a bread and cheese overload. I love appetizers as a meal.  The beer and cheese dip is like you've died and gone to heaven.  Then add the baked Brie and you feel like heaven came to earth.   This place is tops.
Love the environment, live music and entertainment at night! Overall the service was pretty good!   We had the New York Rib Eye with Grilled Asparagus and Garlic Mashed Potatoes.   When in Vegas I will come again!
really fun place to dine in Vegas and the food is superb!  started off with the beer n cheese dip, which was phenomenal. my friends and i were basically scraping the bottom of the dish for more cheese.   had the colcannon soup which was creamy and comforting. had crispy bacon pieces on top which gave it a nice contrast in texture and it's bacon- come on, it makes everything better.  the fish and chips were also great. not too heavy with just the right amount of crunch.   the portions are quite large, wish we didn't have to go out afterwards; would've loved to have taken some leftovers! a definite vegas must try!
Love the atmosphere. The place has rugby/soccer on the screen while you eat till 9 when it turns into live music.   Had the Irish nachos which was awesome. I highly recommend it with a black velvet.   When I come back to Vegas I will stop here.
The best thing about this place is the decor and we enjoyed the music.  My party had several items, some great and some marginal ... so a mixed bag.  The best things we ordered were the Rib Eye, the Horseradish Crusted Mahi Mahi, the soup that .. um, starts with a C ... and has leeks and stuff in it, and the beer cheese dip appetizer.  Neutral opinion on the garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus, but they were less than half eaten between the three of us.  We did not at all like the chicken pot pie ... the crust was awesome and pretty, but the pot pie part ... erm .. maybe it was just an off day, but the potatoes and carrots were well undercooked for a pot pie and I couldn't eat them (and I'm not picky).  The sauce in it was OK and the chicken and peas were ok, but other than that I sent a lot of it back when I would have still liked to eat.  With one drink apiece and three people, the bill was over $150  .. a little steep considering Outback would have been better.
I don't drink. Going into a loud bar with a bunch of drunks is just not my style.  So, unfair to them, I wasn't a fan.  Having said that, my friends are a bunch of drunks, so I usually come here with them.  Good Irish bands, if that's your thing, and a lively place.  It's a fire hazard due to the wall to wall overcrowded place.  Perhaps I should drink and loosen up.
"This pub has always been a favorite for us. Unfortunately this trip to the pub was extremely disappointing. We waited over an hour for our food. The crab cake appetizer came out promptly, but it was one crab cake I would expect it to be fast. We had a table of six,  I would say only two of the dinners were acceptable. Out of our orders the pot pie had a good review along with the fish and chips. They were both very good. The lamb that I had ordered medium rare came well done. The tomato salad my wife ordered came soggy and she was disappointed. The shrimp were over done along with the asparagus. Last but not least the salmon plate was ok, but that is a hard dish to please someone from the North West. We were credited the lamb for beand the chef credited the one crab cake. But unfortunately I would probably not eat there for a long time.
The food was good. The live music and dancing was very fun. A good environment and pleasant experience.
Loved the lamb and my wife was impressed by the rib eye. Usually we have something bad to say regarding what a restaurant considers medium-rare but they where dead on. I would love to go back here.
Wonderful food. Great service. Awesome Irish live music and Irish step dancer. Super atmosphere. Will come again!
While waiting for zoomanity ,we stumbled upon this gem . The atmosphere was great and the service was very friendly . I had the shepherds pie, not sure what to think about it being served in a bucket , but it was good ! Had a great time . The only negative was the need for a little more light . It was a little to dim to read the menu's at our age LOL
I would love to review this place's food, but the hostess was so unbelievably RUDE that I immediately left with a group of co-workers after a 10 hour day at CES. That's how bad it was.  The hostess's name badge said "Martiza from El Salvador". I could care less where she's from, but hopefully someone from Nine Fine Irishmen will read this, be able to identify her, and at bare minimum send her back to customer service training.  We were running about 15 minutes late for our 7:30PM reservation. (HELLO, it's trade show season in Vegas -- it happens.) So, I called into Nine Fine Irishmen, and let them know. I was told on the phone, "No problem, we'll push the reservation back to 7:45PM."  We arrived at 7:45PM on the dot. The hostess, Martiza, looked at our names and said, "You're late, so you'll have to wait." I informed her that I had the reservation pushed back. Her boss came over and said, "It's OK, I've got them." She was clearly irked, and started yelling as we walked away with him.  After he took us upstairs, he said to please enjoy ourselves while we were seated. But, we couldn't find a seat, and no one came to seat us. I went back town to Maritza to say, "Where was your boss going to seat us?"  Instead of telling us, she snottily yelled, "I TOLD YOU there's no seating."  "Well, MARITZA, your boss said there was, and was trying to seat us," I reminded her, my patience running out.  "He doesn't do the seating charts, so he doesn't know. You're late, so we gave your table away. They're almost done, they're just finishing their drinks, so you'll be seated after they're done."   So, let me get this straight. In the fifteen minutes we were "late" (which is almost always a window that a restaurant gives you anyway, not to mention I had changed the reservation), you managed to seat ANOTHER party of four, get them through drinks, dinner, dessert, and a final round of drinks.  I don't think so. Martiza screwed up the seating chart, and then had the nerve to, instead of act like a classy, well-trained hostess, go on a pissy-pants party.  Any REAL hostess with real training (particularly in a foodie town like Vegas) would have said something  "I'm so sorry, there is a little wait due to the rush with the trade show. Why don't you have a seat at the bar with a glass of wine or a beer on us, and we should be able to seat you in just a few minutes."   If she had done that, we would have stayed, and gladly spent our company's food and drink allowance there.  Instead, Maritza's horrible, entitled, condescending, and insulting tone and manner led all of us to decide to eat elsewhere. I said, "We've decided we don't want to eat here," and handed her back the reservations. A huffy "FINE," a slam of our menus down on her podium of stank attitude, and turning to gossip with another hostess (almost certainly about us) was her reply.   We went to Il Fornaio (also in New York New York), were seated within 10 minutes without a reservation, and had a great meal with lovely and attentive staff. Kudos to them!  I wouldn't step foot back in Nine Fine Irishmen as long as Martiza is a hostess. I hope that Nine Fine Irishmen takes a better look at their hosting and wait staff. There are so many places to eat in Las Vegas, and plenty other of wonderful Irish pubs (Ri Ra in Mandalay Bay, for one).   Customers don't need diva attitude!!!
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas (at least, that isn't a buffet!) good food, decent enough drink selection, always been treated well by the staff.
Good music, good beer and good fries. The fish in the fish and chips were almost impossible to eat. The service was not so good too.
The staff here would be very glad if you would kindly go away.  Waiting on people is a bore and a bother and they are quite tired of it.    The place is supposed to look like a pub, but it just looks like some American designer's idea of what a pub looks like for some pictures he once saw.  And the place is almost laughably false-looking.  If the screechy music playing too loudly is typical Irish, it makes one wonder whether the Irish came to America to escape the potato famine or to get away from the music.
Came in with my boyfriend and his parents. The server was great, she paid attention but  wasn't annoying.  Our appitizer was great, Irish nachos, fantastic. I had the shepherds pie. it was ok. it was strange that it came in a bowl rather than a more casserole kind of dish but thats fine. My boyfriend had fish and chips. The cut of fish was WAY to thick. they had no flavor at all and the breading was burnt. the parents had irish soup which they seemed to like enough.  for dessert, we had this chocolate ganache lava cake thing, the cake was extremely dry, like hard to get down dry.  the coffee cake was AMAZING. I never would have guessed it was what it was. light fluffy and delicious!!!  might try it again.... or maybe not.
Awesome service, awesome atmosphere, great food!  Loved it.  Got the Blackened Mahi Sandwhich and asparagus.  Delicious.
This is a great, affordable place for a lunch or dinner on the strip - something that is delicious, will fill you up, and won't break the bank.  For $20 you can get a pretty generous serving of fish and chips, and a beer.  What else do you need??  Vinegar?  Tartar sauce!?  INCLUDED!  The atmosphere here is pretty great too - it's a welcome escape from the lights and sounds.  It looks like they have a live band in the evenings, but during lunch time it was busy, but still reasonable volume, and quiet enough that you could just barely make out the vibrations from the roller coaster floors above.  Stop in and tell them Dave sent you.  They won't know who I am, but maybe I can get a reputation there for the next time I'm in town.  I appreciate it.
This review if for the location in New York New York and this one is nothing like the Irish restaurant in Mandalay. The shepherds pie was literally like someone put in ground beef and carrots with mashed potatoes and no extra flavors. It was like something I'd make for my dog. Sorry. The creamed corn had no flavor whatsoever. It was so dull. The sodas for some reason were not carbonated. I had a sierra mist and I thought it was flat so I changed it to a coke. Same problem but I didn't want to complain and seem stuck up.   I did however like the rack of lamb (med rare). It was perfect. WARNING! They do not come with sides, but when you do order a side item it is pretty big so its enough for two people to share.   The hostess was very sweet. The server was nice but rarely checked up on us. Didn't get a refill either.  I was looking forward to eating here all day hoping to get the same great taste I received at the Irish Restaurant in Mandalay Bay, but I was very disappointed. Hopefully when I eat at the other location tomorrow I wont be dissatisfied.  TIP: It wasn't only my table that felt this way. When the bus boy came and asked us how was everything we told him our opinion on the food and he agreed. He said it was a new chef and they claim everything is the same as the Irish Restaurant at Mandalay but the other restaurant was  much better to his opinion too.   SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO TO THE OTHER IRISH RESTAURANT IN THE MANDALAY BAY SHOPPES!
Come here for the live music, not for the crappy service.   I absolutely love love love the live music here. Irish inspired, room to dance (although it gets really packed), a live "river dancer" (she's so awesome!), and the band will take your requests if you leave a tip.   Since it does get quite packed in here while the bands are playing, expect to be on your own as far as the service goes. We fared much better upstairs, watching the band from the balcony, and had better luck with our drink orders at the bar. Downstairs, I had absolutely no luck ordering a drink. I was fighting tooth and nail to get to the bar, and since I'm quite small, it was impossible to be seen by the bartender who continued to ignore me even though I was waving my cash around like a mad woman.
Charming Irish bar on the Strip! The atmosphere is really something else - if you close your ears to the sounds of the slot machines it really feels like you're in Ireland! The bar is gorgeous - with everything shipped in from Ireland, it's as authentic as you can get state side. So much so that I felt weird ordering car bombs, but the waitress didn't blink. The inside is very charming, the outdoor patio less so (but drinking outside in the sun is awesome). I ate here a few different times and the food is tasty (but expensive like everything in Las Vegas). The goat cheese salad was very good - fresh arugula, wonderfully caramelized onions, and amazing marinated tomatoes that really put the salad over the top. The Irish Nachos are quite good too and make a perfect bar snack. Beers are $7.50 which seemed a little much to me. And they charge an "entertainment tax" which was more than the sales tax...so remember your meal is going to cost like 40% more once sales tax, entertainment tax, and tip is added in.
If an entire order is lost in the kitchen for over an hour, you comp an item on the bill. This establishment apparently, doesn't care about return customers.
Good place, good atmosphere and decent crowd..... We were the st pats day so it was pretty rowdy, but a really clean scent place for an Irish bar
The food is awesome but you have to stay for the 9pm Irish Pub music show. Make sure you ask for a good table for viewing because such a thing is limited.
My birthday is on St. Patrick's Day so I thought this would be a good restaurant to have lunch in. We were seated at a perfect booth. I ordered the fish and chips and my guest ordered the Irish burger. My fish was in three cod balls that had been deep fried. They were very good. The fries were fresh cut potatoes and deep fried. The burger was big and came with Irish cheese. He said it was very good. The service was slow but the server was very nice.I would recommend this restaurant any day but especially St. Patrick's Day.
Have been to Nine Fine Irishmen in Las Vegas before, but this time it was just for cocktails and to enjoy the entertainment.  Just as I remembered, the music and dancing were great.  The pub type ambiance is fun in this forever crowded and popular place; sometimes there is only standing room at the bar.  Cocktails are fine, and expensive, as they are everywhere in this city.
The place is good. The quality and service is 4/5 stars but the value is pretty low. Unlike older reviews who thought the fish and chips were amazing value, this time they only served 2 small pieces of fish and fries. I asked our waitress about it and she said it used to be 3-4. If you are really hungry order the shepherds pie. It's quality over quantity, also on the pricey side for the size portions you get. $50 for 2 people and no drinks. Guinness is $7.50 on draught.
Nice happy hour deals. They are located inside the New York-New York hotel and casino. The food was real good had the fish and chips and the service was quick and friendly.
Before heading back to LA, I wanted a good meal for the four and half hour drive - I wasn't planning to come here but as my mom and I roamed around New York New York...I asked her what she wanted to eat and she said something new - and when we passed by this place - I thought well she never had Irish food before might as well let her try it now. They weren't busy probably because it was only 11am - we got seated upstairs right by the second bar - when looking down there was another bar downstairs.   As we were looking through the menu, our cheery and sweet waitress came by asking what we would like to drink - usually my mom likes orange juice but she wanted to try something new so I asked her to whip up some kind of fruit punch for us....whatever she mixed up was pretty good.  The service was friendly and great but the food was equally as good. We ordered: the Beer Battered Onion Rings with spicy mustard to share - I usually don't like onion rings but ordered it cause my mom does - but I actually really liked these onion rings  - they were crispy and I didn't even need to dip into the spicy mustard - for the batter already had a good taste.  I really like corn beef so I got the Corn Beef Sandwich on Marbled Rye with Cole Slaw as the side. The sandwich was tasty unfortunately the Cole Slaw lacked dressing. Maybe get it with the fries or potatoes would be better.  My mom had the Irish Breakfast which came with Corn Beef Hash, Banger, Two Eggs, Potatoes and Toast. I actually had some and the corn beef hash was good and also really liked how they made the scrambled eggs.   The portions were pretty big and we didn't finish any of the food and ended up taking it back home....and even after a 4 hour and half car ride my sandwich was still pretty good.  Overall good service, good food - the only slight complaint was the price - for the two of us the bill out to be around $50ish and plus tip it was almost 60...that's pretty pricey for lunch in my opinion and we didn't even have beer or any alcohol.
They don't have Jameson Black Barrel here :/ no accents... The Irish pub in Mandalay Bay is leaps and bounds better. Heading there after this first drink is done.
Took my fiance to experience a Real Irish Pub since she's Irish.  Place is beautiful like other reviews but no place to really sit and enjoy the entertainment and you'd figure an Irish Pub would have an Irish band but all we got was country music.  Very confusing.  Not sure what other reviews are talking about irish inspired.  Id go to a country bar for country music.  Im pretty darn sure sweet home Alabama is not from Dublin
Good food, as far as I can tell since in 45 minutes we have only gotten our appetizer.  So far, the only reason to come is to get $35 in free drinks.  Stay away!
I've had dinner here a few times and have never had a bad meal. The fish and chips are very good, but a little pricey for just two pieces of fish ($24) and some fries. The tartar sauce is great, must be house-made (I usually do not like tartar sauce). My boyfriend had the Irish nachos with steak... quite possibly the best value there. I think it was $17, and the portion was more than he could finish for dinner. I don't know what's in that sour cream and beer cheese sauce, but it is wonderful! The live Irish band was LOUD! but played very well. Good times!
Awesome food for lunch! It was surprising that an Irish pub has such delicious offerings. Very nice outdoor patio with good shade for afternoon lunch! Good service. I will eat her definitely even as a local!
Great atmosphere (in a Las Vegas-sort-of-way, of course) and the food is solid.  If there's no band, there are lots of cute cubbies to hang out and its fairly quiet and pretty private.  If there's a band, forget trying to make any conversation in there.  Mac and cheese was great was herbed chicken with Boursin bread pudding (YUM).  The bloody Mary-soaked onion rings were fabulous (I wouldn't miss those if that's your thAng).  The only complaint I had was really service-related.  It was Sunday night (Easter, no less) and they told us it'd be a 1/2 hour wait at 8 PM.  We grabbed some drinks and hung out by ourselves with no servers on the back upstairs outdoor patio (which was a great little secluded spot).  However, after 40 minutes, we were finally seated.  The restaurant was 1/3 empty outside and several "reserved" tables for 4 were never filled the entire 2 hours we were there.  I hate that.
In Vegas for a week and this was my first dinner in Vegas last night.  We had a table of 8 and I believe that everyone enjoyed their meals.  I had the Chicken Pot Pie, which had a very large and tasty pastry crust there was plenty of filling including big chunks of chicken.    I didn't really need my side of goats cheese mash as the pie was bigger than I thought.  I did manage to eat the mash though, and it was very nice.  The service was fantastic, we received our meals quickly (but not too quickly, you understand), the waitress was very polite and attentive.
Great food.  Great music.  Great service.  Loved the fish n' chips- plenty for 2.  Wing appetizer good and so was shepherd's pie.  The band had my feet stomping and head bopping.  We ate there free compliments of a voucher redeemed through myVegas, but I'd definitely have no issue paying my hard earned $$ for this place.
Food was great. I highly recommend the pot pie. Prices are a little high but that's to be expected on the strip.
The food was delicious! I had the BMT sandwich and my husband had the pot pie. The bacon on the sandwich was a bit salty but over all a good sandwich! The chicken pot pie was HUGE and super yummmy! Well worth the prices.
I yelped this one and was not disappointed. We chose to sit outside which turned out to be great given the great weather we had. Service was great. Food was good. Lamb chops were plentiful and delicious. Shepherds Pie was also great, but not sure we would have ordered with cheese again. I had the fish special and thought they did a good job. Pricing was reasonable which is rare in Vegas. For our meals, drinks and tip, I think our total was under 150.   We hung out outside for a little while and then went inside to enjoy the band. Band was great and crowd was fun.   I will be coming back
This place is in new York new York so without having to say, it's spendy!  But the beers there were awesome! I'm huge on black and tan combos and they had at least 6 or 7 from snakebites to half and halfs. I ordered the staple Irish meal, shepards pie...it was 20 bucks and I would say it's worth 7 or 8 max. Portion was a good size but after eating a legit Irish made shepards lie before it was no match. Plus they mounded probably a pound of cheese into it, way too much! Live music was fun but ten times louder than live music actually played in Ireland bars. Overall id give 3.5 since the beer was great.
Good service (not great)...  Salmon and fish & chips were both really good. Just not $70 good. They charge an "entertainment tax" which is strange since we sat in the casino area with no entertainment. Anyways.... Probably a great place for beer though, that just wasn't what we were doing tonight.
Awesome food, drinks and music.  Great place to hang out after your meal. Had the best fish and chips ever.
It's one of the best spots to visit in Vegas with great music, great beer and a fun time dancing.  The food is traditional pub choices, the servers are friendly, the Irish dancers on high tables are cool and not trashy or sleazy.  The music is stellar and the band is always into it, and I've stopped in about 5 times and have never been disappointed.
I've eaten here several times and have never been disappointed with the food or service. We ate in the bar area this past Memorial Day and were treated the same as if we had made reservations. Great service! I enjoyed my huge platter of Irish nachos - should've shared it with my husband. He had the bangers & mash. The bar area gets packed when the band starts to play but it's a good band and the vibe is very relaxed and fun. Expect higher prices because it's VEGAS and eat up! Also the beer selection is pretty good. ;)
I never thought I'd give this place a negative review. I've been coming here for years. Every time I come to Vegas I ALWAYS come here.   So I just got here and ordered the traditional Irish breakfast. I was born and raised in Ireland so I know what to expect.   So when I got the food I was very disappointed. You get half a sausage, half a piece of bacon. So many potatoes u don't know what to do with and even sweet potatoes. How's that Irish? Very disappointed!   Anyway, if your expecting traditional Irish food - it's not here. It's catered to American tourists who don't know what Irish food is.   The Guinness was great that's why I'm giving two stars.
Best service is Las Vegas this far. Great atmosphere. Would have loved to gone for live music but a great experience none-the-less. Lunch menu was a little pricey to us Texans but about average for Las Vegas. Appetizers range from $8-12. Meals mostly $12-20. We highly recommend beer cheese with the homemade chips and fried sausage. Shepard's pie was delicious and deep. Don't let the circumstance of the dish fool you. It's very filling even for an Italians appetite. :) fish and chips, tomato and cheese dish were also great. If you are in the area, definitely try it out.
How did they get an authentic Irish pub smack dab in the middle of Vegas strip? Of course... I got the Guinness! So good!!! And the music was so entertaining. I didn't reLly understand it, but I'm open for new experiences. The crowd is a bit older, but they're so fun!! Definitely coming back.
We made a reservation because we had a group of 10. Because of our reservation we were seated upstairs. They thought we would be eating food because of our reservation which I guess screwed up their waiters. Once that was sorted out service improved and  we had some good Irish whiskey and Irish beer. There was also live Irish music. They were good but it took them a little while to get inspired it seemed. By making the reservation I think we avoided any cover charges which was good.  The variety of beer was very good. I am unfortunately unable to comment on the food as we didn't eat here.
Located inside the New York New York on the Vegas strip.  The food was ok - not traditional Irish fare but, a decent attempt.  Price wasn't too high considering the location.  When the live music started we left because it was too loud.  Sat outside near the Starbucks and enjoyed the music from there.
Party of 4 at Nine Fine Irishmen. We were seated by request on the patio outside with a nice little view of the Brooklyn Bridge. The atmosphere was awesome. The patio was very relaxing and had lots of spots for people to hang out.   We 3 girls decided to go with a few appetizers. Brie w/ bread, clam steamers, and Irish Nachos w/ steak. ALL freaken delicious. All generous portion sizes. My friend's boyfriend got a ribeye, garlic mashed, and asparagus. I tried all, and it was really good as well.   Our service was so-so. We didn't see our server much which is the reason for the 4  stars. Food was a 5.   I'll go back. I didn't get to try an Irish beer, so next time I'll do that.
I had a fine meal at Nine Fine Irishmen but really, it wasn't all about the food.  The fish and chips were okay but I've had much better fish and I found myself wondering if the fish was delivered to the restaurant pre-battered and frozen.  I don't really know but it didn't have the taste of a really fresh piece of cod.  The good news is, that's the worst thing I can say because I left happy.  The fries were good, the malt vinegar was fresh, and the draft Harp lager was delicious.  The atmosphere was really nice and I was in an area that seemed to be a collection of small dining rooms, complete with lost patrons wandering through.  The highlight was the waitress, who seemed to be one of the most sincerely pleasant people I encountered during my stay in Las Vegas.  She had short blond hair and I think her name was Samantha, but I'm not sure.  I'd go back to Nine Fine Irishmen without hesitation.  I don't know that I'd get the Fish and Chips next time, but I'd definitely go back.
Such an awesome bar/restaurant! Nice patio area, great cozy indoor restaurant & bar seating! I had dinner and drinks here with my husband on our honeymoon and we had such an amazing experience! Our server was Rosanna and she was such a sweetheart! Very friendly, very accommodating and fun! Everything a Vegas server should be- such a great experience! The food was FABULOUS! Great presentation, great value for the price. Good happy hour specials, good atmosphere. A definite must visit in Vegas!
Its killing me but I must tell the truth. I LOVE THIS PLACE but dump the new chef. The food is a one star and the ambience in a five...so what to rate? I heard I just got the wrong dish. BUT I am suspect that the chef took leftover soup that was on the menu with LEEKS & Onions (yuck) in it and adapted it to make the Chicken Pot Pie which resulted in an onion and leeks pie with a few bits of carrot potato and chicken. Now an onion lover would have liked it but me? I hate onions. It ruined it and as it made its way out (the wrong way) all the flavor was onion, onion, onion. The chef took a short cut cause the menu narr mentions leeks and dbl onions as part of this dishes recipe. Ambience? Hands down just a great place to be with friends and lovers both.
I love this place because we come here every time we're in Vegas. We have so many good memories here and the entertainment is fantastic. The Irish dancing is so cool and the music is a lot of fun!  BUT if you're hungry, this place is eh. We've had the irish soda bread, some sandwiches, the baked brie, irish nachos, and the pot pie... the pork chops (if they're still available) were great and memorable. Drinks are consistently good and of course the decor and ambiance is fun and lively. This is a must see for tourists coming to New York, New York.
My husband and I split the Mahi sandwich and am order of onion rings. Everything was extremely good... we were both very impressed and agree that the onion rings were the best we've ever had. Def recommend.
The food here is decent, pretty big portions. Great place to get a late night drink. It can et very busy and very noisy. I would defiantly go back .
Great food. Alcohol included in most dishes. They are still delicious. Would recommend for a nice ambiance & relaxed dinner.
Pros: it's an indoor pub, no line, live authentic entertainment, great decor and large venue.  Cons: there's nothing going on in the second floor.   Experience: This place is huge for being inside New York New York. It's got a second floor with more seating. However we met up with complete strangers and had a blast! The entertainment was just amazing and knew how to draw the crowd to attempt an Irish jig and they even had an Irish dancer who would randomly start dancing. The drinks were on point and never had to really wait.  Conclusion: I'm waiting to go back to Vegas just to come back here!
We went to Nine Fine twice this trip and experienced two different atmospheres.    Our first trip there was for lunch during a FIFA match (Bavaria/ Korea).  They did have minimum purchase requirements for seating which is understandable for a big sporting event.  The service was prompt and left us alone to watch the game.  My wife had the fish and chips which was fantastic.  The fish was thick filets and perfectly cooked.  I ordered the Shepherd's Pie and I'm hooked.  I'm no shepherd's pie expert, but it was a fantastic dish.  We went back the next night just for a drink.  We didn't expect more than the ambience that we experienced during the FIFA match and we were wrong.  Ri Ra, what I gathered was band that plays there regularly, was playing and they were quite good.  We stayed and had a few pints (I recommend the Black Smith), watched the Irish dancing and listened to the band.  The atmosphere was great and the service was excellent.  Even though the bar was busy, the server's were spot on and never seemed rushed.  All-in-all, a great experience.
This is our favorite place in Vegas hands down. I have been coming here for 10 years now and it is the only place we party when in Vegas. The band is awesome! The crowds are always fun. I just can't say enough great things about Nine Fine. Anyone who has been a regular knows what I mean!
YUCK! And YUCK!! Hubby and I went here for my birthday. We both ordered the fish and chips. Talk about GROSS!! I asked for mine to be well done and it came out way under cooked. The breading was just soggy and the fish was cooked "rare". My husbsnds wss the same. Needless to say we didn't eat it. We were shocked that they put a 27 dollar price tag on it too. The service was abysmally slow as well. This place is probably okay if you just want to drink.
This was the very first bar I visited on my very first trip to Vegas....needless to say, I was not disappointed! Coming from boston, I wanted to find an Irish pub that also offered the "Vegas experience. This place offers both!  First of all, the atmosphere is great! It has two floors, and also offers and outdoor seating patio right on the strip, where you can people watch, too. Pretty much whatever atmosphere you're looking for, this place has! The entire place is designed and appointed to look like an authentic Irish pub, and there's a great place in the back for the band or whoever is performing to get on stage. It can get very busy and boisterous on the weekend evenings, but hey...you're in Vegas, and it's a fun spot!  There are two bars here, one on each floor, which is very handy if you're moving around. You don't have to walk a whole flight just to get a drink! They have a great selection on tap, and the bartenders are on point and professional.   The menu/food here is probably not the best you'll have in this city...probably not by a long shot. I personally wouldn't choose this place to eat, though. It's more about the atmosphere, and a place you stop with friends to grab drinks, talk, and enjoy the entertainment and people watching. If you come just for the meal, you'll probably leave less than satisfied.  Overall, a nice little Irish pub on this end of the strip. It's conveniently located in the NY-NY hotel, and it's right on the strip, so it's fairly easy to get to. This place is worth a stop if you're in this area.
Was just here for a summer weekend for my birthday. We stayed at NY NY and decided to check it out when we first arrived. So glad we came here! The live band was playing drunken irish songs. When we walked by the band to go to the our table, every band member looked at us, gave us a smile. We totally felt welcomed. Pretty awesome. Every couple of songs or so, a girl would come up at the stage and perform an irish dance.  Want to drink, meet and just with a chill and very friendly crowd? Come to this pub.  If you want to eat without band music, they do have patio seating that gives you a view of the strip. This is where we sat for dinner. We were able to chat without having to yell at each other, and at the same time, enjoyed watching people walk by. Good selection of food, drinks, and of course, whiskey!! I do like my whiskeys so that is all I ordered for drinks. Salmon, especially the mac and cheese and mashed potatoes are to die for!! We ordered them the first night we got there, and let me tell you, I was craaaaaving them the whole time we were in vegas! Matter of fact, I am still craving them. Definitely going back to this bar. Definitely going to order the mac/cheese and mashed potato and try their other dishes. This bar is located at NY NY hotel. I definitely recommed you check out this place if you're staying at this hotel.  The service was ok. A little slow but there were only two servers that night (around 9pm). Our server was very nice though and very apologetic. As busy as they were, she was still calm and did keep coming back to us to ask of we were ok. So service was ok, but I still give this a 5 star. My overall experience was great! I can't wait to come back!
Love Hennessey's Tavern!  I love it in southern california, and i only hope the one in vegas catches on with the locals.   What a great time on Saturday night with the band! Great food as well.
Two for Tuesdays - go to lunch and you get burgers for .. half off? Or two for one? Or something like that. Anyway, it's great for a group. Order the hard lemonade - it's awesome!  Try to get Katelyn as your waitress - she's awesome!
Good times.  Great for St. Patty's!!  Get in early to grab yourself a table and start collecting the celebratory plastic cups.
2 for 1 burgers on Tuesdays is a tough bargain to beat. I mean, if you're looking for a cheap-ass burger that doesn't taste like a homeless guy's balls*, then Hennesey's is your place on Tuesdays.  * reference made for colorful purposes only. I don't actually know what bum's nuts taste like, other than what my friends tell me.
Saturday night at this Irish tavern is okay, the house band is good. The food is acceptable. There's a good vibe and the Tavern's loud but not too loud. I don't love the place nor do I hate Hennessey's it's just very okay. It's an ideal 2 and a half star experience on Freemont. *The Gunniess Bloody Mary thing left much to be desired.
I only hope the bloody mary is as good at the Hennessey's in southern california, because OH, MY, GOODNESS, have they got something beautiful going on with those!  our server, who also happened to be the bartender, was super attentive, helpful, and really fun!  we loved Marcus!  And the California Citrus Salad was seriously amazing.  Check out these ingredients: Citrus herb-marinated chicken atop fresh spinach & romaine, tossed with feta cheese, artichoke hearts, cucumber, olives, almonds, fresh veggies & a citrus vinaigrette dressing  (i stole that from the website) but it's seriously such an AMAZING salad!!!  Took the chicken & olives off, cost the same, but at least our server was cool enough to let us know and ask if we wanted it on the side so anyone else could munch on it.  I love little things like that.  What a great experience.  Can't wait to go to a nearby Hennessey's Tavern & check on the bloody marys and order myself a cal. citrus salad.  YUM!
Came here with a buddy (Kyle) to fuel up for some 10x odds craps at Binion's... I had the Sirloin and a Guinness... Kyle had the Corned Beef and Cabbage and a Black & Tan...   First off... good looking girls as waitresses... Guinness came quick (but not too quick, leading me to believe that they know what they are doing) and the Black & Tan was heavy on the tan...  Good start.  My steak looked delicious and like it came out of a photo shoot.  Kyle's C-B&C looked equally cool.  So far this is a solid 4 star joint.  I ordered my steak medium-rare because the only gravy I like on my mashed potatoes is the blood from my steak.  Obviously, there are better places for steak (this is Vegas for crissakes), but steak is on the menu so I'm going to hold them accountable for knowing how to cook one.    As I mentioned, the steak looked beautiful, and I cut into it and I got a good amount of juice action, but it tasted like it was over cooked... I kept thinking to myself... Their grill must be like on something as hot as the surface of the sun and incinerated the grill marks into this chunk of meat.  I continue to eat it and it tastes well done but looks medium rare...  then towards the end of the steak, when you have cut enough off and it is now taller that it is wide (it was a nice thick steak) and if falls over... I spotted it.  Bottom side was blacker than Wesley Snipes.    To quote Randal from Clerks:  "I don't appreciate your ruse, ma'am..."  "You're cunning attempt to trick me"  It was a good steak, but someone set fire to one side of it and it wasn't even busy in the restaurant... no excuse... Kyle totally dug the corned beef, but then again he isn't on Yelp.  Despite my steak complaints I actually would go back to this place because everything else was solid, but I would ask for a bloody ass steak and then check the plate side before eating it... Maybe they do the whol hot ass skillet thing and that was the cause... Maybe this is how you like a steak, but not how I do, and again... it is my review.
This place has OK food, but when it gets busy expect a long wait. Drinks were pretty expensive but the one thing that pulls this from a 1 star to 3 is the band. Great excellent band that keeps us coming back each year.
If you are a grown man, you will leave hungry as I did. Yet another place which manages portions to squeeze every last dime of profit from your plate. Come-on how about throwing me a quarters worth of vegetables on my $14 dinner plate? The Garlic bread was two peices which at one time were one, sliced in half to add to the illusion you are being fed.  Beer was over-priced and not even really cold. $6 for a 12oz beer is, well, a rip-off.  Waitress did not know what the Specials were. Apparently the 5 items a week, one per day was too difficult for her to memorize. She had to hunt down a laminated card spelling out what the specials were.  Place stinks, is dark, service is weak and the portions are small.
As good as it gets on Freemont Street!  Cold beer, loud music, greasy food...exactly what you would expect from gold ole' tacky downtown Vegas!  I have to admit after a few pints of beer the food does taste better and the dim lights make everybody look more attractive.  The onions rings were so good we actually fought over the last remaing pieces.  Not a bad house band.  We sat in a booth in between the band and the bathrooms so it was pretty loud once the music got going.  A good place to chow down and hang out in between hitting the tables at the nearby casinos.
It took me two days to realize that this Hennessey's is a sibling of the Hennessey's we have here in Carlsbad.    And the Vegas one -- at the sketchy end of Fremont Street -- turns out to be the smarter, happier, better adjusted, sibling of the two.  The Vegas Hennesey's was kind enough or naive enough to host the Las Vegas Hash House Harrier's annual Red Dress Run.  The beer was fine, the food was even better, and the staff had nary a twig up their ass as 120 revererls clad in their sweaty red finest danced to the band and entertained the other customers.  The next day, I saw that  the menu looked vaguely familiar... and yep,  Carlsbad's craptacular Hennessey's was listed on it.  But what's Vegas' secret ingredient that makes their food so much better?  A touch of cigarette smoke?  A hint of despair?  How did their staff get so damn friendly?  And where are all the "security" guys?  Viva, Las Vegas Hennessey's.  BTW, your Carlsbad sister can still kiss my butt.
I've been to Hennessey's on Freemont Street several times, and each time has been a blast.  First off, it's fun to people watch.  Vegas tourism (and even the locals) bring out some colorful characters, and with the outdoor seating, you get a front row view of the best (or worst) humanity has to offer.  The beers are good, the mixed drinks are good, and even their food is good (they make a mean corned beef on St. Patty's).  They sometimes have Irish bands play, and the enthusiasm makes a night of drinking with friends all the more merry.  They even have a mechanical bull, for crying out loud.  Is that "hardcore bar", or what?  But the real highlight is Sandra, a server that I always see every time I go these.  That girl is super cool, funny as everything, and greets me with a hug every time I see her.  She's always busy, but never so much so that she doesn't do top notch service or joke around.  She's a class act.  Even though Freemont Street is more the touristy fare, they have some great bars and service down there, and Hennessey's is one of them.  Check it out for some non-pretentious fun and weird people watching.
Mikkie Finnz's sister bar next door. The food is almost as horrible.  The fish and chips suck and so does the whole menu. DO not eat here.
Love the layout here and the band that was performing the night I was there ( a wednesday, btw) was kick-ass.  Not alot of people there but it was not at all empty - which I love, seriously.  I recommend getting a restaurant.com certificate and geeting appetizers and beers for a fun casual evening. Cool, very cool.
Pretty Cool Pub!   Right at the end of the Fremont experience you'll find this Irish Pub at the corner. Our group stumbled into this place and kicked backed while watching an Irish live band. People were dancing to Irish folk music, the beer was flowing. I think my favorite is when they did covers of the devil went down to Georgia, and they covered pink Floyd, we don't need no education. It was awesome, they put their Irish Roots into the covers with fiddles and tambourines, very cool. Everyone in the pub was in good spirits. Only downfall was the drinks were a little pricey for shots and beers, compared to the specials down the strip. And a few of our souvenir cups where quickly picked up by wait staff and thrown away when we weren't looking. But all and all we had a nice time hanging out here..
We were there on a Friday night. Took 10 minutes at least to get the waitress over to our table, and the place was more or less empty.   The beers were expensive for a pub, and the food was lackluster to say the least.   Not horrible, but a serious MEH.
Wow...we came to this place by accident -- well my friend's husband wants to see their largest pint advertisement and it was huge, but that's about it.  There was live music playing, sound system wasn't the greatest so it was really really really loud. Be careful with your eardrums!   I got my usual drink - a long island and man, they messed it up! They put a whole chunk of tequila instead of balancing it with rum, vodka, and gin! It was nasty.   The boy got a cider and that too was eh.   Overall, definitely a locals only bar...
I was so hungry running around vegas with my friend and we were downtown and to be honest there isnt alot worth stopping for downtown in fact I have no idea why we were freakin there....but thank goodness Hennessey's is there. ..I always get the fish and chips..and match it up with a beer or a whisky sour....and seriously it was a friday around 3pm and it was still kinda happenin in there..They set me up properly...Love this place will hit it up when I make it back to vegas.
My favorite pub in Vegas. Good food and good beer. I recomend the Irish Nachos. It's a great location just off the main drag in downtown Vegas. Tbs place is now a must go when ever I'm in Vegas.
Its an ok place.  Nothing to distinguish it from hundreds of other "irish pubs".  They do a lot of toursit business and it seems that tourists aren't all that picky.  They carry no ciders and use American pint glases.
If you are looking for a low key meal on Fremont Street, you could do worse then Hennesey's, which is the las vegas outpost of the regional chain.  The exterior is gussied by being in the shape of the "worldest largest pint"- the building? is in the shape of a pint glass?  Get it?  Classic vegas- even the mid level chain restaurant's have some kind of crazy shtick.  All the waitresses wore matching "irish school girl" outfits- super creepy!!!  My hamburger was of the "defrosted" variety.  I ordered it "rare" on the theory that most shitty restaurants can't make a burger rare, and the good ones can.  My theory worked out as my eye brow raising "rare' request was rewarded with a burger that was no where close to being rare.  Ipso facto= Hennesey's is mediocre.  Why ask how you want your hamburger?  What is the point:?  Imagine it would be a nice place to have a few beers- not a small statement in a town that is an ongoing garish drinking nightmare.
Great place to take the kids and mom and dad have a pint...when a band isn't playing. They valid parking at Fremont Street Garage.
I REALLY wanted to like this place; it was going to be my light at the end of the Fremont proverbial tunnel. After St. Patty's Day and many hours of watching college basketball, I was having trouble picking a drink that sounded good to me.  I decided Guinness was just what I needed. We walked down to the end of Fremont Street and sat down on the patio at Hennessey's.    It was about 4:00 on a Friday afternoon.  We had a few more people joining us so we asked a server if we could move some tables together.  She said yes, walked inside and never came back.  After about 5-7 minutes of chatting, we walked to the door and asked another server if there was anyone helping the patio or if we should go to the bar.  She replied that someone would help us.  After another few minutes, we went to the bar.  Even there, the service was pretty slow. Bummer.  The patio was nice, but that had more to do with the weather than the restaurant. Jameson tasters were fun for the boy as he loves his Irish Whiskey.  Didn't get to try the food, we didn't want to wait any longer for a server or deal with the bartender.  That, and our friend dropped his new phone in the huge cup of Guinness, so we had to go back to our hotel to bust out the hair dryer.  Double Bummer.  Such potential.   This review should really be two stars based on this one experience, however I'm not giving up yet.  I will go back again to give it another try and I consider myself an optimistic realist, so I'll give it three stars.
Two things keep me coming back to this place: 2 for 1 burgers on Tuesday at lunch and the staff,    Hennessey's is one of the few real bars in downtown Vegas -- which is casino-centered.  It sells itself as an Irish Pub, but comes off with more of a Bennigan's vibe.  The prices are pretty steep for the mediocre quality of the food, but cut those prices in half for 2 for 1 burgers and its worth a visit.  Beyond that, the only real reason to visit is to catch sports on a big screen tv outside of a Fremont Street casino.  The customer service is pretty solid and the servers do a good job keeping the customers happy.
We were visiting Freemont and doing the tourist thing when we needed a bite to eat.  Rather than one of the many expensive restaurants we've already visited, we chose Hennessey's to get away from that.  It was reasonably priced and good food.    We shared the fish and chips (really good and beer battered) and the Reuben (not perfect, but good corned beef).  Despite the crowd on the street, it was not really busy - which is a shame, because the places in the casinos are either much more expensive or not as good food.  It helped that our waitress was very nice and attentive.  I definitely recommend it.
Loved the shepherd's pie.  Waitress was good and attentive.  I love Irish bars.  I think it's best place I have gone to for a place on Fremont Street.
Ate here because nothing else was open. Buffalo wings way to salty. Ribs were aight.
This place is great...  A buddy and I had a wonderful experience at Hennessey's.    We had a waitress named Nikki and she was absolutely amazing.  This girl was just hilarious AND we were grateful that she was knowledgeable about the menu... helping us vegetarians navigate it with ease.   She was beautiful, sure, but she was SUPER witty... which was a relief after the rather dull service we had gotten throughout Vegas earlier in the week.  I'm telling you, if you go to Hennessey's and you get Nikki as your waitress (whether you're a boy or a girl), your experience will be elevated!  I had a veggie burger and fries... not bad.  Food and drinks were quite inexpensive.  The meal was followed by a shot with our waitress.  My only criticism of the place is the surprise I had to see a bathroom attendant in the bathroom.  I've dealt with restroom attendants a few dozen times but it just seemed strange to have one in a Irish bar in Vegas.
I can't understand why places like this don't have better happy hour specials, or better hours.  I found myself taking advantage of the nice Samuel Adams Oktoberfest mug deal (more beer for same price I guess) but Guinness and others were a premium price.  I don't think I'm being stingy - Fremont is normally known for better bargains, for thrifty vacationers like myself.  As I noticed the huge Bass Ale light sign outside when leaving I really felt like a tourist who got suckered.  Oh well.  At least my server was pleasant.
Needed a burger and a drink.  Colleague and I walked in on Tuesday night and took advantage of their 2 for 1 burgers.    My burger was exceptional.  Bluecheese Burger on fresh potato roll.  It rocked.  They serve there burgers with a pickle and on potato chips.  Definitely not a fan of this and would have preferred some other option.  Guiness on tap.  Couldn't have asked for much more.  Service was good and the waitresses were engaging as we discussed local and national politics.  (Election night)  A repeat if I am in the area.
i did not eat anything just beer and the beer prices and the place was good. One thing though Do not order a martini style drinks in multiple shots. A friend ordered 5 Washington red Apple shots which are also a martini on the menu. So we got 5 of those and they were served in Double shot glasses half full or third full which is about a ounce a shot. Obviously the bartender thought were were dumb when making these and charged us the $9.50 a piece 3 oz martini price. So, most likely won't return because of this. But, maybe I will return if I happen to be in Fremont. ***note to bartenders*** fuck somebody on a drink and like you don't get a tip.  Amazing concept I know.
Conflicted on this one. Awesome bluecheese burger. Service should have been more responsive and personable.   We ate here in November. We started out next door at Mickie Finnz where we sat for 15 minutes without being acknowledged by any of the staff. So admittedly we were miffed when we got up and went over to Hennesseys. We got a seat outside on the deck, which is a pleasant spot for a burger and beer right on revitalized Fremont East.   Unfortunately, we sat there for another 10 minutes before anyone bothered to stop at our table. WTF ... the wait staff there repeatedly walked past our table without stopping, just like the other place! The joint was not busy and I was pissed. But eventually I was able to sip on a Guinness draft as I tried to chill my ass out. The Guinness helped for the most part, though I was not pleased with the level of service we received throughout the meal. Our waitress simply was not personable and provided only minimal service. I am confused because of all of the positive reviews posted here on the personable service. Perhaps it was a bad night for our waitress. Anyway I only tipped 10% that night. I do not remember ever tipping anyone less than 15%.   However, the food was pretty good. My wife enjoyed the fish-n-chips, which had a decent fish to batter ratio, though we both agreed the bluecheese burger was great. Probably the best bluecheese burger I've had.   We might go back, but we might not either. There are many other choices out there.
A good place to stop on St. Paddys day or on First Friday.
I've actually only been here for the 2 for 1 burgers on Tuesdays when co-workers have wanted to go.  I've tried the Bama Burger, which comes with chicken strips and cole slaw on top, and the Roast Beef Burger.  Both are ok.  Extremely messy, though.  I usually eat these burgers with a fork and knife.  One of my pet peeves is that they serve the burgers with potato chips instead of fries.  You need to pay extra to get fries.  I'm not a big fan of potato chips, so I usually don't touch them.    Last time I asked about the fries and the server confirmed I would have to buy them separately.  Since no one else in my party wanted fries, I passed.  When I got my burger, there were two french fries on top.  Cute and creepy at the same time.  No one else got two token fries on their burger.   Service is good in my experience.  They keep up with the drink refills and the food comes out pretty quick.  There are just better food options downtown for me.
I've been here twice. The service both times was friendly although a bit slow (it's always been on a busy weekend night). I most recently stumbled in here with a small bachelorette party and not only did the staff (and the other customers) treat the bachelorette like a queen, the band was extremely attentive as well. They repeatedly did lewd renditions of songs in honor of my friend (she loved the attention) and even attempted her request (Sexyback). The food was good (I love the corned beef), everyone was friendly, and we had a blast. I will definitely be back anytime I end up on Fremont Street!
My honey and I decided to wander Fremont street this last Friday to see if we could find a chill place to hang out with fun live music.  We walked up and down Fremont Street to see what was hoppin and nothing was really what we were looking for.  There was the piano bar "Dont tell Mama" that we had been thinking about trying and a comedy show at "Beauty Bar", the chill vibe with Juke tunes at the "Griffin" but nothing that really struck our mood.  We completely missed this place on our first round as bar next door had their music (journey and the like) pumpin' out into the street.    We stopped right in front of Hennessy's to debate what we were going to do and then we SAW the band inside and realized that we were standing right in front of an Irish Pub.  Can't go to wrong with that, right?  So we decided to go on in and check it out.  We took a seat at a table by the stage and each ordered a Guinness.  The band "Darby O'Gill and the Little People" were playing and bantering back and forth.  SO MUCH FUN!  They made the evening. Great musicianship, great vocals, fun banter and a great mix of music... everything from Flogging Molly and Dropkick Murphy's to Jeff Buckley, Neil Diamond and Fleetwood Mac.  The service was decent, prices were decent, the place was clean but there were no hand towels in the restroom all night long.  That was kind of a bummer.  All in all I will definitely go back and on a Friday night as I hear that same band has a regular gig there. Great way to spend a low key Friday Night.
I walked in with 5 bucks, put it the video blackjack at the bar, and got a free beer for playing...ok...nice start...Win 75 bucks and cash out with bartender.  Used the money to pay for food ordered...Nice club sandy and a caprese sandwich that was just fine.  Bartender and server were particularly cool, but I have no names...With cash in hand and food in belly plus several beers down for free, I walked out of this place a winner...
Came here to watch a buddy play drums in his band.  Ordered a Coors Light.  Thought it tasted a little "shoe polishy" and stale.  Turned out the date on the bittle was 2.5 years old!  Yikes I guess they don't sell much Coors there.  I didn't eat any food there.  Thank god.
I've been to Hennessey's on a number of occasions. More often than not I go here to simply drink and that's about it. I have never been here when they have had live bands, but I would like to go. I have heard they often cover some good Irish punk rock stuff (Dropkick Murphys, The Pogues, etc.)  I have never sat at a table, so I cannot comment on their servers. I've always headed straight for the bar, even if I was planning to eat. Whenever I have been I have had an easy time finding a spot at the bar and I've never had an issue getting a bartender to come quickly up to me in an acceptable amount of time. Last time I was in here was for the "start" of my birthday downtown. I ordered a Jameson & Ginger, and thus the whiskey started flowing. After two J&G's I had a straight shot of Jameson. The bartender then realized it was my birthday and poured me a second (very heavy) FREE shot. So I was introduced to their Jameson Century Club. Have 100 shots of Jameson and you get your name on a plaque on the wall (and a bottle of Jameson). I now have 6 stamps on my card. Guess I'll be back for more!  I'm biased because I like Irish pubs right off the bat. I'm Irish and I love whiskey. I like Irish things and Irish songs and well... you get the idea. The fact that Hennessey's is downtown is also a plus.   The food I think is simply bar food. There is nothing great or spectacular about it. From recent memory I have had their buffalo style chicken tenders (okee dokee, nothing fantastic) and I've had their French Dip (I think it's called something else though), but that sandwich was very tasty.  All in all, love Hennessey's. Will always go back.
Good food, good drinks, reasonable prices. Definitely a great place to start the night!  I highly recommend their gourmet burger and huge margarita! The Irish nachos are a must-try as well.  The waitress we had was super cool, too. She did a great job and it was really nice of her to let my wife keep the large margarita glass as a souvenir. We were humbled and very grateful for the gift.  If I ever go to Vegas again, this is definitely a place I'd go to again without question.
Hurray for Hennessey's! I just love this place. It's always a great start to an evening of fun on Fremont East. I hit it up last night because they are offering 50% off appetizers if you check in on Yelp on your phone. Sweet deal, right?  I got the Irish Nachos. Yum! I liked them. They're thinly sliced potatoes (not potato chips), covered in cheese, green onions, and bacon, plus a very generous dollop of sour cream. I was craving Irish Nachos so bad so this was a nice little calorie-fest for me. Believe me, these things are not healthy!  The bartenders here are awesome and they take the time to remember people who show up to the bar regularly. Bartender also recommended to me a very tasty beer - Boddington's. It's a creamy English beer that is very smooth and very different. Also knocked another Jameson off my card - so one more shot closer to my own plaque on the wall! ;)  Oh, and my reviews are based off of eating AT THE BAR. Just want to make that clear. I've never sat in the restaurant part of this place.
We were tired. We were hungover. We needed to get out of the sun. Our waitress was friendly, and what we tried from the menu was absolutely delicious. I wish I had enough room for a corned beef burger. Damn. Next time.
Going to tear it up on Fremont East? Then I suggest you start by carboloading at Hennesey's. On the opposite side of Las Vegas Blvd, Hennesey's is your last stop for decent bar food if you're crossing over to the land of hipsters, live music and dive bars.  The bartenders here are nice and hold a special place in my heart after serving me a black and tan in a brandy snifter (if you can name the Beastie Boys song that line came from we should definitely be friends) on my birthday last year. It was a silly request, but the bartender didn't blink and did exactly what I asked, no questions asked.  The food is typical bar food-burgers, chicken fingers, an interesting variety of salads, wraps, etc. They have daily deals, one being a buy one get one free burger day (which I believe is Tuesday) that I've yet to try out, but am hoping to fill the hole in my heart that the sudden disappearance of Bar Louie and their Tuesday $1 burgers left me with. I've only eaten at the bar and my only complaint about the whole place is the bar isn't designed for eating as the edge of it is awkwardly raised which is a nice design if you're just standing there having a drink. However if you're eating, you can't pull your plate all the way up to you and I feel like everything is just too far away from me. I continue to sit at the bar though because I like the quick access to the liquor.  What I do love is that the restaurant has Cholula hot sauce. If you know me, you know I put Cholula on everything and upon discovering this during my last visit to Hennesey's I think I scared the bartender with my over enthusiasm. What can I say? I love me some Cholula. I also love the heavy pour, chill atmosphere and nice staff. I enjoy patio dining which Hennesey's has and can guarantee they have the best of the best people watching which for me drives up the value of any establishment.   If you're coming with a group, they have ample seating and space and a banquet room if you're ever putting together a special occasion and think, hey I want my gathering to be in a non-trashy place on Fremont that serves decent food. !  Hennesey's supports the local artist with live music, and even though I haven't been there late enough to see any of the acts I can appreciate that. All in all, a great pre or post drinking stop!
Definitely inconsistent. The bartender and the manager were both SUPER nice and since I just wanted To Go, told me to head to the bar (I'd been sitting five minutes and the three waitresses milling around doing nothing had ignored me). I went to the bar, was told by a server to move and then 30 seconds later found out that this server would be taking my order. Without remorse, she rang me up, asked me if I wanted my change, and then complained to the bartender that she needed to give me change... IN FRONT OF ME. When the food came out, she practically tossed the box at me and of course, it was the WRONG ORDER. Might come back, might not. But if I do, you better believe I'm having a chat with the manager.
the food was pretty good, but we wanted to take advantage of the check in offer of 1/2 off an appetizer and when i showed the waitress she went 'WHAT IS THAT!??!?!' all amazed and confused about the mysterious yelp.  now i'm not about to fight someone over a $5 discount, but she didn't even bother to ask the manager or another server. so that part was lame.     the next day we needed to break a $20 to get on the bus so we stopped in here and the same server gave my bf sh** about breaking the bill and guilt tripped him for not buying anything.  seriously? seriously. rude. no thanks.
Hennessey's is improving.  I'm still only a regular for the 2 for 1 burgers, but they're getting better with the burger flavors.  I'm still sure that the burger meat is coming from a frozen patty, but they've been adding a little spice and flavor to the burger options.  I had the Southwest burger last time and they put some kick into the burger.  Some nice jalapenos and pepper jack cheese as toppings.  I'm absolutely a fan of that burger.    And they've chosen tastier buns--they've stepped up and are using a nice, fresh sourdough.  The chips that come standard with the burgers are also a little more rustic and flavorful.  Not bad.  The pub food's becoming downright worthwhile.
Okay, considering that last visit was a blip on the radar because this past visit was perfect. Service was fast, friendly, and efficient. Food was wonderful. My friend and I split the calamari (not sure why we ordered that at a PUB but it was good and the variety of dipping sauces was nice), the prime dip (big enough for both of us to split), and the bread pudding (yum). My friend had a drink which was a $5 special for the Super Hero Pub Crawl (and we were dressed like Cat Woman and Wonder Woman so we got the special). Our server checked on us frequently and brought us everything we requested within seconds. Great experience and I will be back again VERY soon!
Oh dear, I certainly hope my next visit to Hennessey's will be bumped up to the normal 4-Star Rating I expect.   I went to HT last night to partake of their 2-4-1 burger night (it's on Tuesdays). *sigh* I was disappointed. First off I ordered the Normal run-o-the-mill burger while my friend ordered one of the corn-beef hash burgers. My burger was NOT GOOD. I ordered it medium well, it came out WELL DONE, like super well done. Who wants to eat a dried up, over cooked burger? Not me. I asked for the Irish cheese, well when the burger came out the cheese was practically non-existent and it was just seared into the burger. I suspect a chef was not paying attention to this burger and just let it cook forever. I suspect this especially because it took quite awhile for our food to come out and the place was NOT busy.   Another complaint: the burger came with ONE measly lettuce leaf and ONE slice of thin tomato! Well I guess they're trying to save money on the burgers because they're doing a 2-4-1 special? Guess what Hennessey's? It's not cool to offer a special deal and then skimp on the burger and turn it into a piece-o-crap that no one wants to eat!   It is a good thing I got the Truffle Fries as an appetizer with the 50% off deal you can get by checking in on Yelp, otherwise I would have been really unhappy. But even the truffle fries were not my favorite as they were just covered in garlic. However, I enjoyed them over the burger.  The bartender here was nice and congenial, but the food ruined it for me. I will be back, but not for burger night and I definitely will not be ordering a burger from here ever again. Burger blacklisted!
Pretty quick service & friendly wait staff. The burgers are huge & my friend could only eat half of it & her fries. I had the bacon.& french toast which was pretty good (breakfast is served all day). Mid week lunch crowd is pretty light.
So happy I experienced this place! I crutched about a mile to get here but it was well worth it. It's a nice locals hang out that lets you see a glimpse into the real behind the scenes Vegas.  The food and drinks were good, but this place is all about the atmosphere. It's a bit far away from the glitz and glamor of Vegas but depending on the type of person you are, it is a perfect place to get away from all of that.   As for the food get the homemade chips! Do it! You're in Vegas indulge! The pancakes were pretty phenomenal too!   The drinks were pretty reasonable and we got to enjoy a live band while slugging them back.   Overall a really awesome place to get back to normality! Oh and the staff is pretty awesome too, but not as cool as the costumers!   Thanks for some of the best memories I have of Vegas!
Starving, tipsy and needing a place to rest my sore tootsies, I headed to Hennessey's with my group last night. In costume, I might add.   We located a spot on the patio for the best spot to people watch. Service was friendly, albeit incredibly SLOW given how not so busy the place was. Drink orders were mixed up and our large order of french fries took about 45 minutes to come out.   Great location and typically when I come the service is much better, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that the Halloween crowd slowed them down a bit.   Definitely a good little place to take a seat and rest with a beverage or some pub grub while you're downtown. People watching from the patio is a plus!
After a long night of drinking, doing the Time Warp (of which I was the ONLY one to have seen the movie -- I KNOW!), and looking at stupid/drunk Halloween revellers, our night wound up taking us to Hennessey's. Wanting to enjoy peoplewatching, we sat out on the patio. Our group, as one might guess, consisted of a boxer (me), a bee, a knight, a greek goddess, a beer frau, a Mormon missionary, Smurfette, a pirate wench, a gypsy woman, and a cowboy. Obviously.  We sat down, waiting for our server.  And waited.  And waited.  And double-checked inside, considering for Halloween it was pretty slow and the cover band wasn't that good.  And waited.  Finally coming out was our zombie waitress, who for her part was quite apologetic, saying floor plans had been changed and she had not been notified. We gave our drink orders, and BEE-lite Emily split a basket of fries with me.  And we waited.  And waited.  Then another waitress came out and tried to take our drink order. We were quizzical. If this is a Halloween prank I don't enjoy it! I put my drink order in again, but then Good Sir Hector said that we had already put in our orders and were waiting for them.  And we continued waiting.  Then my drink order came out from the pirate waitress, separate from everyone else. I settled the tab, puzzled.  Then our full drink order came out with my order repeated. I sure as hell am not going to pay for them again! Our fries were pretty blah too.  From all the reviews I've been reading this is a pretty good place on Fremont Street, but it wasn't a very good first impression from me.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS! VACATION KILLER! We came here during our most recent vacation and were very excited to try the "World's Largest Pint Glass." (Turns out it's half the price on Monday happy hour so we decided to grab lunch and come back later).   Looking for something simple because we were going to be walking around, I ordered the Grilled Cheese and Soup. My boyfriend ordered the French Dip. When it arrived, he took one bite and immediately sent it back. (Keep in mind, we have been dating over a YEAR and he has never sent a meal back.)    Because we were on a schedule, we decided just to split my meal and get something later. After we had paid, the manager came by and asked if there was anything they could do about the sandwich. (Having worked in a restaurant, I know if he sincerely wanted to help us, he would have come by during the half hour we shared a small sandwich and cup of soup.)   A FEW HOURS LATER BOTH MY BOYFRIEND AND I WERE VIOLENTLY ILL for the remainder of the evening.  We miss the show we bought tickets for, took turns taking over the bathroom and miss out on an entire night in Vegas.   Don't make our mistake. Hennessey's is a disaster and the only thing I'll ever want from them again is a refund on my trip.
We ate here on 8/10/2011, the server was excellent. We actually used a Yelp cupon while there for an appetizer. The Gormet Burger was wonderful. I make it down to Vegas occasionally, and had never eaten here before, but I will definately be back!
Only been here a few times, but each time I have had to wait at least 10, if not 20+ minutes for a drink.  And it doesn't seem to matter if it's early evening outside on a 1/2 empty patio or inside at the bar on St. Patrick's Day.    The last time we were outside on the patio, which was about 3/4 full after work, happy hour-ish, and it took 20 minutes before a waitress even acknowledged us, another 5 before she came back to take our order (3 beers and 2 shots), and a good 15 or so before the drinks came out.  We contemplated getting the order in for the second round when she delivered the first one but thought "nah, how bad could it be?".  Well, the drinks were drained and we sat for another 10 minutes after that before she came back by to see if we wanted more, and then it was seriously 10 after that before they were delivered.  So, we had been there an hour and hadn't even had the opportunity to get two rounds of drinks consumed.  (And they were just not that busy and not that understaffed.  The entire indoors was empty and there were hosts/hostesses/waitstaff standing around chatting in the doorway.)  There are so many better options out there.
I've been here twice. One outing was a 5-star rating, the other a 1 star. I'm splitting the difference here.  Day 1: Great server, good drinks (the mimosa is laughable small, get a bloody mary), that never emptied and REALLY great breakfast food. I couldn't have asked for more (except, a larger mimosa).  Day 2: Different server. Took 15 min at least to get our order. No water refills. No coffee refills. Would have gotten an alcoholic beverage, but was so annoyed I didn't order one. It took over an hour to get our food (was kinda busy, I could have let that go IF I had a beverage of any sort). Our server would say, "I'll be right back to refill your coffee and water," but she didn't come back until it was time to drop off the bill. We were not pleased. All that being said though, the breakfast food was still awesome (though luke warm before she could be bothered to bring it to us). No hot sauce. As it was 1.5 hours into our bite to eat, I wasn't going to wait to flag down the invisible woman.
Just got back from this place and it was mediocre at best.  While we were greeted quickly and our drink orders were taken in a reasonable amount of time, it took almost 15 minutes to get our two draft beers.  We should have taken that as a sign and left then but decided to order.  Over 20 minutes later we finally had our burger and sandwich.  The kicker was they were not even busy on this Sunday night and no explanation was ever offered as to why things were taking so long.  To top it off, the food was simply OK.  We should have bypassed this place and gone down to the Triple 7 for some good food.
We love Hennessey's.  Been to several in SoCal.  I was really looking forward to lunch there.  Our beer order was taken within minutes.  A different waitress introduced herself and confirmed our order about five minutes after that but she had the order backwards.  A few minutes later our drinks were poured and set up at the waiters station to be delivered.  That's as far as the got.  We watched our beers get warm and flat for easily ten minutes and no one brought them to us.  I felt that we became invisible.  Our food order was never taken.  We saw another couple sit and leave because no one even talked to them.  The restaurant was not crowded and there were several employees there. Our drinks didn't come so we left.
Trust me, pass this place up! It may be good for night life since it looked a bit worn, but not for lunch.  I was visiting Vegas with my Mom and we found ourselves starving and having to tinkle after our long bus ride.  Hennessey's was the first place we hit so we used the bathroom and grabbed a table.  It took a while to get a server but she was friendly enough when she showed up.  We ordered drinks and we each ordered a burger.  She asked if we wanted to share a burger because they are so big.  We decided to share upon her recommendation. We didn't want to spoil our dinner plans for later.  No lie- It took over an hour for our med. burger.  I think the server forgot to put it in because she came up and apologized for the long wait 45mins or so in.  When our food came, the half/burger was not only tiny but way over cooked. It was dry!  We were emergency starving so we ate the nasty burger and asked for our check.  I would have sent it back but was afraid on how much longer it would take and we wanted to enjoy our Fremont Street experience.
I've been here a few times thanks to the relative convenience of just being a short walk away from work.  The food here is decent, the portobello burger is actually interesting, the mini burgers are not bad, and the regular burger doesn't have much flavor to it.    The issue here is of course the service.  It just takes way too long to receive your drinks, receive your appetizer, receive your entree, to receive your check and even to get your card back.  It would be understandable if it was during a busy night where the tables were full and the servers were running everywhere, the only problem is every time I've been here it's usually nearly empty and somehow the employees still seem to disappear.  The one thing it does have going for it however is its location right at the edge of the Freemont Street Experience.  So if you want to sit on the outside area and just relax and people watch, it can be enjoyable.  Avoid eating here though if you're any sort of time constraint though.  Although I'll admit, I kind of want to have that portobello burger again.
If I were a leprechaun, me lucky charms would be a beer and some whiskey!!  I'm as Irish as a Shamrock Shake (and just as awesome) but I feel my most Irish in March.  It's the perfect time of year, combining March Madness and a general acceptance to be a goofy lush in public.    The decor is very Irish-pub-esque, with lots of dark greens, brass, and wood.    I came here with a friend for some beers, and was happy to see Smithwicks (pronounced smith-ix) on tap.  It's a wonderful, amber colored beer with much lighter flavor notes than its color would suggest.    We sat outside near the heaters, enjoyed the scenery, as downtown is THE spot to people watch, and sipped our beers with style.  The waitresses were friendly, tattooed, and pretty.    This is a solid spot to grab a pint, and get in touch with your Irish side.   Slainte!
I have been there a few times, but most recently on St Patrick's Day.  It's downtown so there were a lot of tourists having a good time.  It was a very lively crowd.   The service from our waitress was really good.  The service from the bar  --- ehhh.  The drinks were kinda weak.  8 bucks for a call liquor in a plastic cup at a downtown bar kinda rubs me the wrong way.  I want to taste the booze not the mixer.  Ya feel me...
AMAZING!! the food was SO GOOD - we ordered the buffalo wings - really good, we also ordered (tues buy one get one free burgers - NICE) bavarian burger and cornbeef burger - both GOOD!! the husband drank the beer in the worlds largest pint - take your time, enjoy your beer, have fun....  our server was emily - ask for her she is AMAZINGLY AWESOME!! love LOVE her.... tell her we sent you :) oh and you have to eat outside :)
This was a surprise! Our first visit to Fremont Street and we needed something in our system before we started our drinking binge so we stopped at the first place we saw. It looked cool and Yelp stars helped.  My friend, husband, and I all ordered our drinks and then decided on Irish Nachos just a quick bite. Man were we surprised! First...my Bloody Mary was DELISH!!!! My husband and friend ordered the Seasonal brew of Sam Adams and they were pleased. My friend got the HUGE GLASS of beer with the take home glass which was pretty awesome! She was feeling good after that. Then our nachos came out and they were so yummy on homemade chips which were perfect! It was such a great snack for three people set out on there Vegas drinking adventure. I had 2 Bloody Marys and then we ordered some more fried food - the truffle fries and they were really good! Since this was our first stop we decided to just stop there, but we LOVED all of it. The waitress was super nice and cute too. :) And the Atmosphere was chill. We will be back to visit when in the neighborhood.
We had a huge party come in during happy hour and they were INCREDIBLE. We took up almost the entire outside seating and kept moving tables and chairs. They split everyone's checks and made is so much simpler. They were awesome at recommending different drinks and appetizers. It was my very first happy hour in Vegas and I absolutely enjoyed myself!
My wife and I came here with my brother and his wife.  Either of us has been to Freemont Street in years. We spent a good portion over at the Arcade further down and decided to stop here for a meal.  The beer list was nice, they had baby Guinness shots which were fun, especially if girls do not like beer.  The food was sub par for me.  We tried a variety of menu items.  You are in Vegas so there are A LOT of places to eat. If you want a quick, somewhat cheap bite and some beers this is a fun place to come.  The waitress was awesome. She was very energetic and helped with the drink selections.  The best part was that they had trivia night when we were there. It is free to play which is a plus. It definitely keeps you at the bar for a couple hours to spend some more on drinks.  We sat outside so it was nice to people watch, talk, and try our hand at trivia.  Not sure if I would come back ONLY because we do not spend time at Freemont anymore. All in all it was a good time.
Stopped by for a beer, during happy hour.  Got the medium size.  $6.75.  Thank gawd I was there during happy hour.  Overpriced, won't be back.
It's a bit overpriced and loud.. I'm irish.. well half.. I think the thing that annoyed me the most here.. I came here thinking it was an irish pub. No irish music.. no irish bands.. no irish feel.. As a local why would I go to freemont street (besides to buy drugs and get a fix on street walkers) jk.. I'm straight edge. The food wasn't stand-out-ish.. Just meh. I won't come back. Customer service was good from the servers.. not to great from the bartenders.
I was walking by after leaving anoher bar and saw that this place had appetizers for half price.  We decided to check it out.  We sat upstairs and the place was empty with only two tables with a couple people.  It took a long time for our server to come around and take our order for it being not busy.  I ordered the margarita and hubby ordered the blue moon.  For food we got the hummus and chicken tenders with buffalo sauce and ranch.  The drinks came back pretty quick along with the food.  My margarita was good, but why not in a margarita glass?  It was in a regular glass, which I thought was wierd.  We then ordered the crab cake sliders, which were not good at all.  My hubby is not a picky eater and he didn't even like them...way too salty!  Don't order these!   The decor is nice and the music was good.  I liked the live guitar player/singer.  He had a great voice and provided good entertainment for the night.  Oh yea, the server did come over to chat with us and was really nice.  It just took a while to come around when we first arrived, but the rest of the night service was good.
Average burger , salad, beer/bar joint.
Hennessey's is cool Irish bar to hang out and have a few.  I came here to watch our friend sing with a band that was performing. Hennessey's has two levels and outside seating to watch all the crazies walk by. I did get to sample Salt and Vinegar chips,Onion Rings/Fries, Chicken Quesadilla and Deep Fried Calamari. All the dishes were very good and made great picking food while downing a few beers. PS. Tuesday is 2 for 1 burger day.  Great location to start your night on The Fremont St.
So, I'd been dragging this restaurant.com certificate for Hennessey's to Vegas for the last couple of years.  Yes, seriously.  Finally, I had an opportunity to make use of it since we had the parents with us (darn those must spend $50 ones!).  We were doing a late lunch downtown after our visit to the Mob Museum and so we wandered in to the World's Largest Pint Glass in the afternoon.  The place was completely dead.  I'm pretty sure we were the only ones in there with exception of the bartenders and waitress.  SCARY!  We picked out a giant booth and started checking out the menus.  Our waitress came over right away to get our drink order and answer questions.  Once the drinks were in hand, we ordered our lunch.  Dad got fish and chips and mom got a club sandwich.  The husband, as usual, got buffalo chicken wings and I ordered the mushroom swiss burger.  The food came out quickly and everything was tasting great.  The only exception was that my mom said the club sandwich was boring.  I loved my burger and that it came with house made kettle chips.  Much better than french fries!  Yea!    Our server was very attentive and kept our drinks refilled.  Even my dad, who is very picky about service was really happy with the waitress.  He even complimented her personally.  The ambiance was Irish pub, kind of dark and Irish music playing.  It was okay.  Overall the food was good, prices were okay, and service was good.  The diet coke was weird tasting.  It was a decent place to eat and I would eat there again, but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat there or recommend it.  WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS? Tough one.   ~It's kind of dark and old in there, so updates, of course. ~Elevate the food to the prices or maybe bring the prices down just a bit. ~Overall ambiance just wasn't there.  The Irish music was okay, but since nothing was really going on, it was a little weird.  Maybe it would be different at night? ~The husband suggests a stall door that latches closed in the men's room.  haha
Food was good...not great, but good.  However the service was horrible.  We were in a group of 7 on a Saturday night.  It literally took 35 minutes for our drink order to arrive.  The server brought our drinks, and didnt return for 20 minutes to take our food order.  That's right...nearly an hour and we had just ordered our food.  It arrived about 20 minutes later.  So, it took an hour and 15 minutes for us to get our food after we walked in.  Unacceptable.
Hennessey's was our spot the last time a friend and I went to Vegas for a getaway. We stumbled in our first night looking for a fun, non-crazy-Fremont-style night and had a fantastic time.. The band, Crown Avenue (http://www.facebook.com/crownavenue?fref=ts)  was hilarious and played great tunes - we ended up sitting with them after their set, cool guys. Next night we know where we're ending up! We walk in for dinner and our waitress is actually from Moorhead, MN! Small world. So we chat it up for a while, Crown Ave. is back and just as good as the night before. This is the place to go for sure if you're looking for a low-key night in Vegas.
Ok people this is my very first time to write any review. IT WAS THAT BAD!!! Sorry it's kind of long but you will understand.  We drove out to Vegas from So Cal for about 5 hours and after we checked in the hotel we were pretty hungry.  We looked into the restaurant and it didn't look too busy so we decided to go in.  Four of us sat down without any hostess to a large table inside the restaurant. The server came pretty quick and gave us the menus. When she returned we ordered some beers to start off. After we got our beers we ordered right away since by then we were really hungry.  We ordered; chicken wings, fried calamari, 2 hamburgers. Pretty standard stuff.  So we waited for our food. Looking forward to finally eat!  15-20 min went by, the server came and we ordered another beers.  Another 15-20 min went by, and now we were really confused by why our food wasn't coming out. Not even the appetizers.  As far as we can see we saw 2 other tables that sat down and ordered after us and they got their food. And some of them were almost done eating!!  So I went up to the server to ask what's going on (since she was trying to avoid us, pretty sure) and she said, "Sorry we are really busy tonight! Your food is coming out pretty soon!!" with a annoyed attitude. But the restaurant WAS NOT busy. Ya, there were people, but not busy for sure.   So finally 45-55 min after we ordered, the fried calamari came out. We looked at it with disbelief! It was SOOOOOOO DRY!! It was gross. You bite into it and you get nothing. They deep fried it too much that it shrunk. We always get calamari whenever we see it on the menu and this is the worst one that I ever got!! So we asked to take it back and take it off the tab.  Few min later the chicken wings came out. But same thing, too dry. And you know when you eat chicken wings you get the sauce all over your finger?? Ya, not this one, just really bad fried food. We didn't finish it.   BTW, even though they said it was "just made" it was hard cold, not hot/warm at all!!!!  Then after another 5-10 min later the hamburgers came out. It came out cold. And didn't even have fries, just some old chips.   I work at a restaurant and I know how long each food comes out. Nothing we ordered would take over 30 min. Specially fried food.   We should of gone to In-N-Out instead. :(:(:(:(  We got the manager to talk to and he gave us the same crap about how "busy" they were. They offered to take 10% off and nothing else to compensate on our worst night ever. Don't lie to your customer, if you forgot to put in the order or the chefs forgot to make the order or you forgot to pick it up to take it out to the customers, just tell them you messed up and do a better job than 10% off to make the customers happier.  We were really disappointed and hungry after all.
Service- BAD Food- WORSE my breakfast plate was sliding around in grease and the egg wasn't fully cooked.  Drinks- Most Horrible Mimosa I've ever had! Sent it back and settled for a coffee
I am a sucker for Irish pubs.  We were spending the morning/afternoon on Fremont and the late morning hunger pangs set in.  We searched and searched for a place that was actually open and had the worst luck until we stumbled upon this little gem.  We loved it.  The place was a little rowdy  - it's an Irish tavern - but nothing a few pints can't cure.  I will be upfront - I was pretty intoxicated upon stumbling into this place.  Hey - it's Vegas.  However, I recall ordering burgers all around.  I had the turkey burger, and it was quite delicious.   Our server was great - she was super sweet, fast, and on the ball.  We had a great lunch experience here.  Definitely a good place to grab some hearty bites and pints on Fremont.
One random lunch break on Halloween, I was invited to join a huge group of us at work to eat lunch at Hennessey's.  I love visiting places I haven't been to before and so I jumped on this opportunity to enjoy the company of others at work.    This place was your typical Irish looking pub.  Two toned walls, lots of dark wooden panels.  Not really a hip place.  More traditional and older looking but in a great location on Fremont!    For lunch, I got the Hermosa Chicken Salad.  It's a salad filled with mixed greens, tomatoes, feta cheese, shaved carrots, cucumber, fresh strawberries, avocado & toasted pecans, tossed in balsamic vinaigrette.  The chicken was a little dry but everywhere in the salad so I appreciated it better.  I LOVED the fact that this salad had avocados and strawberries.  That flavor combination and the texture combination with the crunchy pecans really made a great salad.  I "slurped" that salad right up and really enjoyed it at the end of the day.    The best part: it was expensed!  Loved it.  I can't complain when the company is great and this lunch was no exception.  I will definitely try to check this place out in a different setting like a late night drink to see how the vibe changes but for now, I'm a fan.
I was in the Downtown area and was having some drinks over at the old Fitzgerald's which is now "The D" and sitting next to me was a chef that worked at Hennessey's. I told him I was in the mood for a burger and he said that his restaurant has some good ones.  So we walked on over for some dinner. We ordered some onion rings that came with Spicy BBQ sauce. I don't know what level of spiciness they were talking about... but it just seemed like plain ol BBQ sauce to us. We would have liked to have a side of Ranch, but the waitress didn't arrive till after we finished them.  We put in our main order and it took about 15 minutes to get our food. I asked the waitress what her favorite burger was and she said "The Frisco burger" and my mom ordered " Hennessey's famous burger".  When the food came, my burger which was sourdough bread toasted with cheese, was kind of cold and hard. The actual met was hot... it seemed as if the bread was sitting there for awhile. My moms burger came and it was average. I ended up ordering a coke, when she brought it, it was flat. I asked if she could replace it, and she never came back. She ended up apologizing 20 minutes later when she brought the bill that she forgot.  All in all this place had decent customer service, and the food was subpar. Go elsewhere.
So I loved this dirty little Irish Bar. Please open one up in Town Square or somewhere like South Point or the M casino??????  I need a Bar-Bar that's all about getting drunk!  They have $4 Boody Mary's on Sunday's & they were very good. They have Veggie friendly meals too, my friend is a veggie and she was ubber excited about their Earth sandwich with pineapple on it. Can beer in a brown bag with a shot $5, hellz yeah. That's awesome.  They have TV's, they have a fireplace, they have sports on the TV's, the place is really really clean, they have a setup for live music.  What more could you want out of a bar???  OK maybe some Led Zep, Boston, and Jimmy on the tunes--THEY GOT THAT!  OK maybe food!!!  Burgers & Fries [there's at least 10 burgers on the menu], Chicken Fingers, Fish 'n Chips, & Shepard's Pie. Breakfast, Lunch, AND Dinner!  hoo-ray  There you go!!! Now go drink!
I love it! $15 whiskey flights, a super-fun hot staff, and flavorful breakfast to help you start all over again!
We stopped in here when we were Downtown to try the zipline. The bartender was friendly and the reuben my husband ate and the sliders I had were quite tasty and filling. I would definitely go back, knowing that it's a friendly place and the food is good. Eat at the bar and gamble and your drinks are comp'd. I love the honor bar with the taps, too!
I love this place! Always fun times and an awesome staff chock full of good-time hotties!
Would NOT recommend!! Fries stale & replacement kettle chips cold & stale too (w no salt added). Took more than 5 minutes just to get our sodas. Bathroom stalls won't lock. Overall a slow, bad experience. Location is great for watching the crazies on Fremont Street, but this place wouldn't last long in "locals" territory.
Terrible service!!!! Waited over an hour for food.. Other customers were leaving cuz it took soooooooo long for anyone to come by for drink orders. Although the waitress was friendly, I don't think I'll be coming back here. Had the buffalo chicken wings & ribs. Food was just ok quality but price was not worth it.
Great Bartenders and service.  Be sure to get there for the happy hour. A fun place to start off your night downtown.
Been here a handful of times just for a drink.  Today's visit was my first to actually eat something.   Just finished the Color Run 5K in DTLV. Because of Hennessey's was open and one of the first stops after the finish line, this place became the post-run hang out.  At least 75% of the guest were covered with orange, blue, yellow, and green.  This tavern is fairly big, but today's seating was limited with the amount of runners/walkers from the Color Run. Service today was just okay, not like the the great service that they usually have.   I didn't drink on this visit but got something to eat. My meal was just chicken tenders and fries. I wasn't in the mood for anything heavy and the chicken tenders hit the spot.  Taste is just average. In fact, I think I could have gotten the same thing at Carl's Jr.  However, I'm not complaining. As long as I can eat, I'm a happy camper.    Today was just one of those off days for Hennessey's because of Color Run. I've been here before and the ambiance/service has always been top notch.
Ahh Hennesssey's Tavern for one night lived, drank, not just once but twice in the same day. Yay! It was my first time visiting Hennessey's Tavern. Early in the day made stop after the 5K color run with fellow yelpers for some lunch. I just stuck with pint of beer fuel back up. Not the best idea. I earned it run my first 5K no stopping just slow and steady pace. Other yelpers order some sandwiches and chicken strips looked ok nothing too special. I can't speak of the food except it looked plain no wow factor just your basic pub food. The downstairs part had little outdoor seating area which is where our group of yelpers had lunch after the race. Thankfully we were able too find seats because obvious reasons have event downtown any seats are going too be premium. It great spot especially on great day sun out kick back have meal some beers good times with friends.   Later that night went back as second stop on the pub crawl for iceacholic birthday party. We went upstairs section. I never knew they even had from earlier in the day. I not sure it was open during the day but then again never knew it was there. Might be only on weekends. They had girls passed out two for one drink tickets for Hennessey. So it made second spot on the pub crawl even better! Only too find only the cheap beers that you could choose from buy one get the second one free. Not the premium beers so never believe the hype that anything FREE in life. One of the best things about the upstairs is it over looks the revamped bar scene in downtown Vegas. You can see Insert Coins and that whole block of downtown. They also have little outdoor area overlooks freemount street. It has nice couch like you would see in any club have small group kick back drinking, talking stories, and good times. Once again I never ordered food so not sure about the food. Just have too trust my fellow yelpers. Sure pub crawling one of the bars make stop at along the way.
Disclaimer: This review is extremely biased, because we had a large party here, where Elvis, Cher, and Tom Jones impersonators performed for us with an open bar.  With that said, I loved Hennessey's.  We had the event catered by them, and surprisingly, the food was extremely high in quality, even though it was sliders (not dry and tender), chicken tenders, tacos, veggies, and other appetizers.  I usually expect those staple foods to be average, but they were exceptional.  The bar service was great, too.  Their main bartender Mike, would continually come up with new drinks based on flavors and/or adjectives you gave him.  Well done Hennessy's!
Right on the corner of Fremont and Las Vegas Blvd.  This place has the makings of a great bar...but sadly, doesn't deliver.  It's located in a great spot downtown, but it just lacks that special something that makes patrons urge for more.    Because there are so many great bars downtown, it's hard for an establishment to remain a frequent stop for locals.    I've eaten here for lunch, attended pub crawls that start off from here and stopped by for after-hour drinks with some colleagues.  And each time I've wondered why I've come back.  Their lunch menu is alight.  They have salads, burgers and sandwiches.  I believe they still have "Two for Tuesdays".  A good deal if you have at least a couple people in your party eating a burger.  It's buy one get one free.  Their Western BBQ burger is pretty decent.    Their beer selection is pretty limited for such a big place.  And the service is not that great, hence the reason for only 3 stars.  It always seems that we get a new waitress that doesn't know the menu, doesn't know what the specials are and takes forever to come back to our table to refill drinks and see if we need anything else.
Awful. No substitutions, even for food allergies, the fried batter of the fish and chips arrived almost black, and the Irish stew was so salty it was literally inedible. They must really love using salt here cuz even the chicken wings were uncomfortably salty.
DO NOT SKIP THIS PLACE!!! I was completely pleased by this location on First Friday. It was busy, but not overly crowded. Live music played some 80s hairband type music downstairs which was awesome and upstairs had a mini club with fun dance music.  The drinks were great and the view was nice. I would totally go back!   The bar staff was very accommodating and sweet. I don't know if I would go back down to Freemont street just for this. I am much happier at Aria or Cosmo on the strip bar wise. But if I ever need a cheap drink, I will consider this place first!
This place was just ok. Deserted when we came in, and it took a while to get table service. Our server was pretty brusque, it seemed as if she was in a bad mood. My burger was cooked to a hockey puck consistency but I saw no use in sending it back. The server told us they were not allowed to sub a small side salad for the French fries, so keep that in mind when ordering.  "Meh" describes it perfectly - they are plenty of other better places to grab a burger.
I went here with a large group while out on Fremont street. Based on the previous yelp reviews I tried to steer away from this one but my group really wanted to eat here.  The service here was friendly but I think that's where the service ended. The food came out quite slow and my water glass was constantly empty. I think in a bar atmosphere like this it would be appropriate to leave a pitcher of water at the table (if service can't keep up).  I ordered the bacon blue burger which was not good at all. Probably one of the worst burgers I've ever had. It was overcooked and burned even though I ordered it medium well. It had white "sauce" cheese with bacon in it which was quite disgusting. I ate about half of it and then felt pretty terrible afterward.  The only thing saving this place is that the calamari was some of the better I've ever had. That's the only reason why it gets 2 stars instead of 1.  Unless you're here just for drinks I would advise to stay away.
Food wasn't very fresh and honestly I've had better fish n chips at cheaper places.
This place is awesome! Came to Vegas for EDC and decided to stay a couple days after to recover.  Went pub crawling around the Fremont Street area and Hennessy's was by far the diamond in the rough (of Fremont Street)  Service was super quick and very friendly, unlike other places in the area where you wait too long for a drink and get treated like a tourist.  These employees at Hennessey's tavern are so awesome, they actually shipped my phone to me in California since I apparently was having such a good time that I forgot it on their bar. Needless to say, I will most definitely be returning to Hennessy's every time I'm in Vegas!
Really delicious food, and they have great deals!   I came to Vegas on vacation and was staying at the strip (but my heard is truly in "Old" Las Vegas, so I took the Deuce to the Fremont Experience. $6 for a day pass.)  I was starving, so we stopped off at this place (since Heart Attack Grill made you wear a ridiculous patients gown! and this was right down the way.) To my surprise, everything was pretty cheap, and tasted delicious! I coincidentally went on a Tuesday, and they had a special going on "Two for Tuesday", which I didn't know about until I got the low-low bill! I'm surprised the waitress didn't take advantage of tourist. For that, this place gets my thumbs up!  I got the Western Burger, and you could really taste the freshness of the ingredients and how perfect the meat was cooked. Very gourmet!  Will definitely return to this place if I'm in town, and I recommend you check it out as well!
We came for breakfast before they were technically open, sat at the bar, chatted with the bartender, who made killer bloody marys;  got some amazing food and had a great time!!
It is so worth it to come in on a Sunday night to hear the Acoustic MadMen. I am biased, though...  This is a fun place to stop in or spend the evening if you like the music.  The alcohol is reasonable priced, the food is quite good, too.  My favs being Guiness (24oz) and the Bananas Foster to drink and burgers & the truffles fries for nomming.  Some exceptional items are:  - Truffles Fries: "...tossed with white truffle oil, Parmesan cheese & fresh parsley." Contains no truffle, though still quite good.  (Google "white truffle oil" and you'll be a bit shocked)  - Prime Rib Sliders served with blue cheese & horseradish sauce.  Cooked to your temp & generally great beefy flavor with just enough bite that you don't eat the entire beef slice in your first bite.   I typically go late on weekends which can be quite busy, so service does degrade a bit.  Lunch service has been good so far.   Go for 2 Timin' Tuesdays for 2for1 burgers.  Eat one there & get the other to go, even!  I am a repeat customer due to my preference for music, but would easily go there for the food & semi-Irish atmosphere, too.
Erin is the best server ever! Came in for buy one get one burgers on Tuesdays and she recommended the Dublin Burger which was awesome. I will definitely go back. Maybe even next Tuesday!
Uh...you lost me at $9.50 a pint.  The beers on tap are UN-exceptional as well.
We had lunch at Hennessy's before going to the Life is Beautiful Festival this weekend.  Unfortunately the only thing beautiful at Hennessy's was the weather on the patio.  The service was horrible from the start - slow, unprofessional, and unfriendly.  The food quality was below average when it arrived hot - and there was only a 50% chance of that happening (2 of 4 dishes were cold).  The flatbread came out cold the first time and then with a brunt crust but unmelted cheese the second time.  The calimari was cold and looked pitiful so it didn't mater that the portion size was small.  The basic burger was average and did come out hot.  The truffle Parmesan cheese fries were the highlight.  The prices are on the high side for downtown especially given the food and service issues.
This is a review for a private event in the Claddagh Room at Hennessey's.  About 25 of us got together last night for an internet meet.  It's a group of people who post on an internet discussion board about Las Vegas.  I have known some of these people for over 10 years.  When the leader of the discussion board was trying to find a place that would accommodate that large a group of people, she gave Hennessey's a call and they offered us the Claddagh Room for three hours at no charge and they supplied a bartender for our group.  I've been to Hennessey's for two shows in the past few years and they were in the Claddagh Room.  It's a pleasant place with wood tables and chairs.  We were able to mingle or sit and talk.  I got a diet Coke that came in a small Mason jar with a handle.  The drink was $3.50 but there were unlimited refills.  The bartender was a very outgoing young lady and she was a pleasure!  Hennessey's Claddagh Room was the perfect place for our meet.
I would give this more than 2 stars but after eating what was advertised as being voted the best burger in vegas.....2 stars is about all I can give. the 13.50 buck mustang burger was listed on the menu as fine aged beef. ...well it was a pre patted frozen patty that had a funky taste to it and fake grill marks. The bun, bbq sauce and bacon was good but the burger it self was pretty horrible. Good service...great looking classic bar feel.
The food and service were decent, but nothing overly remarkable.
Just got back from Vegas and my experience at Hennessey's  Tavern was still on my mind.   I had eaten there 2 years ago and had a pretty decent meal so why not return right?  I also asked 4 friends who were visiting Vegas from NY to join me.  Good idea, right?  Not so much.   I arrived with my party of 3 and informed the wait staff  that another 4 people would be arriving shortly .  I told the "hostess" that I wanted to sit on the patio so I needed two tables set up with flatware to ensure that people arriving would not help themselves to our tables. They dismissively told me to just find two tables.  I waited, and waited and WAITED and no one came out to set up.  I got up again, went inside where servers were conglomerated  & happily chatting away. (There was ample staff considering that the place was nearly empty on a Monday night. )  A few minutes later, a female server with a brace on her hand put 7 sets of silverware on the table.  I asked her to bring out the menus so that we could browse them while we waited for the others to arrive.  We WAITED AND WAITED... no menus.  I asked a person in my party to go inside and ask for menus again.  My guest returned with the menus in hand and commented that the servers were just hanging out and chatting and could not understand why the menus had not been brought out.  I struggled with touching the menus  which were so sticky and dirty that I opened them by touching a teeny-tiny corner.  I immediately thought that if the menus were  this  dirty, I can only imagine what the kitchen looks like.  Couldn't those lingering servers wipe down the menus?  I've seen it done in restaurants all the time---but clearly not in this one!   After our party  of 4 arrived, we ordered our food and waited and waited and waited for our food to arrive. Each time we asked the server about the food, her answer was the same---It'll be right out!  .....Yeah, right.   Here are the highlights of our 7 orders:   Turkey burger & Fries, Bacon Burger & fries:  Fries so salty that they could not be eaten.  I tasted the fries and could not believe that this could be the work of a chef.  I dreaded the possibility that these fries had been salted by a prior customer and that they were recycled fries.  Ugh!!!   Everyone who had a burger said it was just OK, but definitely would not come back for one.  Fish & Chips:  A little steep at $15 but it included 3 filets of cod.  Fries were not cooked well done as I explicitly requested.  I mentioned it  to  the waitress and was told that she would have new fries for me -- this promise was accompanied by a doe-eyed apology.  This french fry saga would continue throughout the evening.   One of my guests asked for a beer before ordering dinner but she had almost finished her meal and still no beer.  Of course, the waitress apologized once again.  Apologies seemed to be the theme of the evening.    25 minutes later my well done fries had not arrived.  When I told my server I still didn't have my fries , she seems surprised & shocked by it.--"You didn't get your fries??"   So who else, pray tell, should have known if my fries had been brought out to my table???  So then she asks me if I want the re done fries to which I answered, Yes! Yes! I want fries with my fish filets!!   I don't get it.  I ordered fish & CHIIPS. CHIPS meaning french fries. So she says "OK, I'll be back in 5 minutes"  20 minutes later my party is ready to pay their bill and she shows up with my tab and NO FRIES.  She opted for giving us a discount on our tab rather than giving me the fries which I had been waiting all evening long.   And then, unbeknownst to me, the evening's entertainment was about to begin.  Wow,  a bonus.  Free entertainment.           Two drunks came flying out of the bar and land on the deck where we were seated.  Yelling, pummeling, more yelling, more pummeling.  Wait, wait, do I see my server who weighs about 80 pounds with a brace on her hand joining in on the pummeling?  How brave... how stupid!   She yelled at one of the drunks accusing him that he had thrown a drink at her.  So let me see, you over-serve drinks to your patrons  to make money and you are surprised by the results??  My guests were scrambling  to get out before the drunks included them in their MMA bout.  I for one was practically cowering in a corner like a scared rabbit.   So, nice going Hennessey's Tavern.  You managed to screw up what started as a perfectly good evening in Vegas.  The sad part is for the owner who will probably be out of business before you know it because the totally incompetent, lackadaisical servers and a kitchen gone wrong.
I want to give this place a better rating, I really do - but it seems like they just don't want one.  This Irish-themed pub seems packed full of potential, but seems to fall short on speed and service.  My fiance and I went here this past Tuesday for their 2-4-1 Burger special after he got off work.  Good deal?  For Downtown, I guess it is - the burgers start at $10.40 but average $11.35.  Honestly, I cannot imagine paying this for EACH burger any other night.  The service was extraordinarily slow, and from talking with a friend we didn't experience something out of the norm.  I guess if you don't mind waiting for your food for half an hour or so, then this might be the place for you.  As far as the burger goes, I would honestly prefer Red Robin or even Chili's.  They are definitely not special, and not of any abnormally large size.  The side of fries that it comes with is pretty meager, and they are probably a bit tastier than the actual burger.  My pickle that came with it was sweetish.  That's just awkward.  Even after finishing our meal, it took a long time to get boxes and the check, then even MORE time for our waitress to take said check.  There's a lot of other places Downtown - don't be afraid to pass this place or use it as a back-up choice.
In the daytime, it's relatively quiet and unassuming. You can even order fresh squeezed juice.  At night...  Booze soaked maws, whiskey samplers, and the sonic reverberation of live music come out. And don't forget the ridiculous shot specials that pulverize your liver with the power of a liquid gavel. Sometimes it's difficult to understand your what your friend is saying over the symbol crashing and the glass clacking, but that's why necks were built to nod.   They also make bastardized grub that was meant for hangovers. Captain Crunch French toast is an actual menu item waiting to enrobe your taste buds. And if you're not in the mood to consume some starch, there's always the chance of seeing two girls fight over some swarthy dude at the bar. People really channel the Irish when they're here.  If you're downtown, you owe it to yourself to check out some of these amazing drink deals and general mayhem.
Went on a Saturday night. There was no waiting for a table. The atmosphere was nice. Service was a little slow, but not horrible. We ordered a BLT and a Chicken Club. Both sandwiches were pretty good. No complaints. Came with some home made potato chips...nothing else. Add 2 beers. Total was $47 including the tip. Kinda pricey for my blood. Especially when their are a 100 other options within walking distance. Overall, nothing special. Pass on it.
I'm a local and it took 30-45 minutes for  a hamburger to get served. Nobody checked on our drinks in the meantime either. Skip it!
It was nice to sit outside at night in Fremont, but that was the only good element. The service was insanely slow. It took hours just to get dinner and get out and there was no wait and barely anyone there. The specials online were out of date, and the "specials" the server listed weren't even on sale when we got our receipt!  Beware of the beers. Prices are not listed on the menu but they are about $9 a piece for watered down Guinness which was frustrating.  The food was okay, but not worth the price.  I would highly recommend going elsewhere.
This week I'm going to skip covering some of the newly-opened restaurants in town to deal with another place that boldly advertises its burger as "voted best burger in Las Vegas" on a colorful banner right on the corner of Fremont St and Las Vegas Blvd. I'm definitely not aware of everything going on in town burger-wise, but by being the self-titled 'burger guy' for Vegas I'm fairly aware of most contests that would elect such a title. So when my coworker pointed out one day that Hennessey's had such a banner on their patio, I just had to look into this. I've had a couple folks suggest their burgers over the years, but it just hasn't been a priority with so many more popular and generally accepted places to try. But being a glutton for punishment and fulfilling my self-induced duties, I headed over to see if they could offer a contender for the best burger in town.  For those unfamiliar with the Fremont St area, Hennessey's is your typical generic 'Irish' pub with cheap drinks, cheap food, and the average sub-Strip tourist crowd. The interior is dark, dirty, smoky, and undoubtedly loud on weekends when they're packed and a band is playing. During the day you will have a mix of locals on their lunch breaks along with some tourists, during the evenings you can expect a slightly louder, less refined crowd. There is also a patio for you to dine on while you take in all the lovely sights and characters walking by. Their extensive menu features just about any type of food you can mention, and I won't even bother listing it all here.  As for their burger offerings, they do have quite a selection on their menu, and maybe even more than most dedicated burger joints in town. With 15 pre-designed burgers and even more options, this is certainly a substantial group, yet I still went with a simple favorite of mine: the mushroom burger. The bun was ok; fresh, not too dry and well-proportioned to the patty. The patty had slight char flavor, but it was super generic and overcooked with no seasoning or good beefy flavor. The mushrooms were just ok too, and didn't have much flavor. The cheese was there but I didn't taste it. This was definitely not the best in Vegas, and not even the best on Fremont Street.  The fries were oily and generic, although most of them were cooked well. While I usually eat almost all of my fries with a burger meal, these weren't quite good enough for me to do so this time. They do offer a decent deal on Tuesdays with two-for-one burgers, but I'm still not sure this is really worth it. Our two burgers came to $13.30 which I guess isn't a bad deal when there are definitely more expensive and worse burgers around the area, but I'd really like to know who exactly voted in this contest.
We saw they averaged very low on yelp but George's Grill was only open for dinner on weekends... Boooo.... The other surrounding places averaged just about the same so we took our chances.  Sure enough, service was nonexistent. Our waitress disappeared and never checked back after taking our orders. Actually, she did, at the END of our meal. We gave 3 different people our coffee order which finally came real late. No one refilled anything at our table.   Atmosphere is seemingly nice, private outside patio on higher grounds. Still, fucking shit. Luckily the food was good. Phewww.
Henneseys is an okay place. Nothing particularly special about it. It's fairly over priced for the quality of food that they have, but then again everything on Freemont street is. The only time I go there to eat is on Tuesday when they have a 2 for 1 breakfast and burger special. The burgers are nothing great, so I usually opt for the breakfast instead. Their breakfast entrees have a bigger portion, which mean more left over and are more filling.   The service is decent but nothing amazing. They used to have trivia night, but that got discontinued. If you are on Fremont and want to visit, I say go on Tuesday.
We went here because our first choice had no room. The wait team quickly accommodated by 20+ party. The waitress was awesome and very attentive. We had an awesome time. Will definitely go back.
Irish Tuna Melt was FIRE, had cheese-encrusted bread! We smothered it in Cholula (ALWAYS A PLUS when the restaurant has Cholula!!). The Poke Salad was very fresh tasting but could have used some dressing for the salad - we asked for a side of balsamic and it was perfect.
The service was amazing! Eric, the bartender, made me feel right at home the entire time. I never had to ask for anything, as he was on his game and anticipated all of my needs. Stopped in for happy hour and was incredibly impressed. Not only are the drinks good, the service will keep me coming back.
Absolutely love this place. First time here and it's amazing. great live music great service bartenders no what's up!!!! Come on down and be Irish or cone get connected with your roots like myself irish proud
Long wait for horrible food and surly-incompetent employees make this place a no go.
Had a good time here sat on the patio. Had some drinks before orderng and the waitress was very attentive and ontop of things. For the food everyone but me had fish nd chips which was good.  I on the other hand just had chicken wings, which I would say weree slightly above avg. For chicken wings. Nice atmosphere and a great location. Hard to beat for a sat. Night.
Fun place for St Patrick's fun. Live music, decent drinks, okay service, fun atmosphere
Bottom line: Dirty  Our table was filthy.  I couldn't put my napkin down on the table because there was a layer of dirt on it.  Seriously, how hard is it to wipe down a table?  We ordered and appetizer and a couple of drinks.  Our food, Irish version of potato skins, was average but too expensive for the small portion.  Then we found one of the waitresses hairs in our drink.  When we pointed it out her response was, "Oh seriously? Haha." And she still charged us for the drink.  I would rather go grab a cheap pizza or hot dog on Fremont street rather than ever coming here again.
Love the giant collector's mug pints. Friendly staff. Well-lit bathrooms.  I make a point to stop by here for a drink or two every time I visit Fremont.  Keep it up.
I got the Grilled cheese and tomatoe soup and it was awesome sauce. Waitress was nice and kept it together even with our large party (like 14??) I brought in my own drink which they did not mind (I love you Vegas!) but the coolest is that this is off Freemont street which is a whole different thing!  Would go back again. Planning next vegas trip now.....
Ok people.  Why would you have bands there that do not play Irish Music? First time we went was on a Sunday evening.  Fun Irish band.  Service sucked. So many servers only a few customers and I had to get my drinks at the bar after waiting 29 minutes of being looked at and ignored.    Ok so we try again this past Saturday evening at 11pm. Live band playing random music and we asked for something Irish.  Lead singer said don't let the red beard full you.  They don't know any Irish music.  WTF? People come to Irish Pubs for Irish food, drinks and music.  This isn't rocket science people.   Well we started out at Nine Fine Irishman in New York New York.  A country band really?  Left to try McMullins on Trop.  Dive bar with no live music on a Saturday evening so we braved up and headed here.    What a disappointment.  Fiance had a horrible birthday evening out.  I had to apologize and maybe Ri Ra at Mandalay could save me from the dog house.
Ordered the Margherita flat bread...cold cheese semi stale bread...not good. Fries were soggy. ..nothing special..onion rings were typical frozen to deep fryer...again not very good. Would not come back.  Our waitress was wonderful though.
5:38 pm on a Tuesday nite and the bar manager lets the Guinness keg run dry then takes 20 minutes 2 change it.  Really? In an Irish bar?  LAME!
Terrible service, awful food. The hostess told us to find a table "wherever" so we did, and after waiting 20 minutes a waitress finally stopped by to hand us a menu and inform us that our "real waitress" would be there shortly. Another 10 minutes and she appeared. Drinks came fast but they never wiped our table from the previous diners like they said they would, and when my food (a patty melt - medium) came, it was burned to a crisp. I couldn't even complain about it because it was dropped off too quickly and the waitress never reappeared until we flagged her down to get our check. I have been to other Hennessy's in San Diego with a complete opposite experience. This was a real bummer.
Excellent service, people watching, ribs and beer.  Who can beat that?
If it weren't for the food, I would give Hennessey's 1 star. Not worth it.  My visiting friend and I were looking to eat somewhere downtown where we could enjoy the weather and sit outside. They have open seating, if you can call it that, so we ordered a drink at the bar (8$ for a miller light..what??) and waited for a table to open up outside. As a couple nearby was on their way out, we asked the waitress if it were okay for us to go ahead and take the table. She cleared off the table and didn't give us an answer for a significant amount of time until she replied "well are you going to be eating?" I understand serving people who order food will generally give you a greater tip, but regardless if we were planning on eating or not, that question probably isn't the best way to increase those dollars.  While waiting for our food to come we saw another strange interaction occur with the open seating. We noticed a group of five or six looking for an outdoor seat, exchange words with the waitress, and head to the bar to pick up drinks. In the mean time, the group at the table next to us had paid and left the restaurant, and two young women saw the open table and sat down. They sat for a few minutes before the waitress came over and told them she promised the table to a group that had been waiting over thirty minutes (false, ten max). The girls obliged, and the group claimed the table. I don't think open seating is the best option for this place. Holy confusion. Besides the odd seating issues, our table was not clean, nor stable. This restaurant needs a serious face lift!  As for the food, we split the crispy calamari and mesquite turkey sandwich. The calamari was cooked well, not chewy, and nice and crisp! It was a hefty portion and  served with three different sauces. The sandwich was awesome! It was served on a warm  pretzel bun with a mass amount of turkey, tomato, lettuce, swiss cheese, and dijon aioli. Yum!   Again, with refinement of the service and logistics it would have the potential to be a much better establishment!
Great customer service, and the food was very good.  We had burgers, salad, fries and onion rings.  Our order was mistakenly given to someone else, and the staff quickly fessed up.  Our order was brought out by the manager with an apology.  The tavern picked up our whole lunch tab.    Mistakes happen, and when we are treated this way it makes us just want to come back the next time!
I have been going to Hennessey's for drinks with friends as long as I've lived here, but only recently have I eaten there for the first and second times. First visit was for dinner during Punk Rock Bowling last weekend, the fiancee and I both had the fish and chips which were perfect. The price was right, the portions were satisfying, and the fish was delicious. Not too much batter, but enough to provide the heavy crisp you expect in solid fish and chips. Cole slaw was fresh and not too sweet, tartare sauce was light and lemony. We both decided to indulge on desserts, he had the bread pudding which was hot and topped with ice cream and chocolate sauce. Very delicious. I had the best root beer float I have had since childhood, complete with IBC in a bottle and some pretty amazing ice cream. Today we met for breakfast, I had the Dublin Benedict (corned beef hash subbed for Canadian bacon), and my fella had the Highlander (a southwest inspired plate served with warm tortillas). My breakfast arrived hot and was exactly as good as I wanted it to be. My man said the same. The coffee and juices were equally fresh and delicious and always kept full. Best part of breakfast? When the bill came and we were given BOGO breakfast! I don't know why hat place wasn't packed with people when we both had beverages, full meals, and table s service for about $20! Get it while he getting is good!
As many times as I've been to Fremont Street, I'd never stopped in at Hennessey's. I thought that it was pretty good, all in all. We were able to walk right up and sit on the patio, so that's always fun for people watching.  Our server was definitely stressed and you could see it all over her face and in her interactions with us. She was rushed and frustrated and just wanted to get out of there! Aside from that, everything else was just fine. The food was good- we had the spinach and artichoke dip as an app and split the BBQ turkey burger. Everything was cooked well and tasted good.   The best part of my meal, aside from the people watching out on the patio, was the Moscow Mule I got to drink! It was really tasty, and served in an authentic copper mug. I'd like to return and try some of the other offerings on the menu.
Decent food, AWFUL service. I sat at a table a full 20 minutes and still never had a server come up. Servers were standing around and looking but didn't want to help because it was not there table. Never again.
We went here on St. Patrick's Day as part of a pub crawl. What a waste of time. The place was so crowded. It took forever to get drinks. It's an Irish bar so you think on St. Pat's Day they would've had a band playing Irish music. Nope! The band was good but not appropriate for St. Pat's Day entertainment. Very disappointing. They didn't even have corn-beef & cabbage on the menu. What Irish bar doesn't serve corn beef & cabbage on St. Pat's day? Absolutely ridiculous! I'll never go back to that place and the only thing Irish about that bar is its name!
I really enjoyed this place! We came 4th of July night!! Our waitress was great! We drank Moscow Mules and Tokyo Teas. Both were really good! The Tokyo Teas were especially strong!!  We also had the bread pudding and brownie. The brownie was just OK. But the bread pudding was some of the best I've had.   There was a live band that was really good and we had fun!!! Will go back next time I'm in Vegas!
This place is pretty good, especially when you've been walking up and down Fremont and you have the munchies.  We sat down outside (in the shade of course) and was able to people watch while we chowed down.  I ordered a nice tall draft beer and the Irish nachos to start with.  The Irish nachos were yummy.  They are basically thinly sliced potatoes covered in cheese, bacon and sour cream.  I asked for jalapeos too!   Then I ordered the Avocado BLT, which was even better than a regular BLT.  The avocado added an extra creaminess and the toast was grilled like a grilled cheese sandwich.  Would definitely order this again. Of course, I was too full after the nachos and ended up taking this home.  LOL!
Good food traditional surroundings  friendly staff the only thing wrong with this place is the music, I expected Irish music to be played at an Irish pub
While there are many Irish pubs in the Valley, Fibber Magee's is by far the best. With its warm wooden walls, cozy booths and friendly staff, I can't help but feel relaxed when I'm sipping on a Black Velvet at my favorite Chandler bar. The bar attracts a lot of regulars. The drinks won't set your wallet back and the food is great! Be sure to try the Bangers 'N' Mash.
This place has some of the best Irish food around. The Shepard's Pie is great as is the Bangers N Mash.   The atmosphere feels authentic and inviting. It is not expensive either.
its a good drinking hole and on occasion its okay to eat at. the real draw is the atmosphere and the crowd. friday and saturday nights are the best of course with live bands and lots of joyful peeps.  sunday brunch is notable. i love their take on the eggs benedict. delish! and the irish bfast is always a winner.  guiness for health!
This place is hands-down one cool place to hang. From hardwood floors to wooden barrels as mini-bars, you can't go wrong here. If you're with a group, you have options - tables near the music or wooden benches tucked in the back corner, just right of the entrance. Or, if you're with just one or two, you can take up a spot near the dart board and pool table - sort of your own little playground. Or, for those of us who like saddling up to the bar, you have that choice, too.   There's no smoking inside, thankfully. When you used to be able to light up, the place filled up fast with smoke. It was an asthmatic's worst nightmare.  The bartenders are exceptionally nice and attentive. The music is generally some of the best you'll hear around the Valley. Especially when they bring in their staple Irish bands. (I've heard some of the best Irish music here!)  Fibber's was the first Irish Pub I visited when I moved here. It was a Thursday night. The pub was active, but not overwhelmingly so. My friend and I were able to entertain ourselves with a few games of pool and darts. Then the music started. It was great. The atmosphere was causal, friendly and you could tell people here were regulars.   I recommend this place to anyone in the area, or anyone itching to try a new place. It's easy to find, off Elliot Rd, (just east of the 101) in a plaza. You walk inside and the lighting is dim, the wood floors and benches add something unique to the setting. If you fancy the band, you can sit close. Or if you want some privacy, snatch up a corner spot.
Another place I am THRILLED to be in walking distance of. I love this spot! Great beers on tap which makes me happy and I love me some fried mushrooms to snack on while I'm there as for foodI really have only had a salad there, which was good... it was a salad... ya know? I can't say anything about the rest of the menu.  I must add that I loathe St.Patrick's day every year BUT only because it royally screws with traffic when I'm trying to get home. This place is poppin every year! It's totally the place to be. =)
Great authentic Irish pub in the middle of the desert.  Great drink selection served from behind a fabulous bar.  Good food and great atmosphere.  Good for lunch time football matches.
I happened on this place on a Sunday afternoon. They had an Irish music jam session going and some of the patrons were dancing a jig. Honest!   Good tap beer selection. Good fish n Chips, Good service. Unbelievably good atmosphere when the jam session is happening.
Irish pubs can be hit or miss, even in Ireland, but especially in the New World. There are plenty of schmucks with green carpet and a shamrock in the window, but few of these places are truly legitimate drink houses.   Inconspicuously tucked into a strip mall in Chandler, Fibber Magee's looks from the parking lot like one of the former. But once you get past the generic exterior, you're highly rewarded with one of the most Irish, wood-paneled, attention-to-detail environments this side of Boston. It's not so much a bar as an actual pub-- a cozy, comfortable establishment where you can also drink cheaply during soccer games, hear a song or two, or generally just get shitfaced. We happened to show up during Monday Night Football, and though the bartender and some patrons were vocally at odds with their rooting interests, everything was kept relatively civil throughout the evening. Though Irish-Americans aren't especially known for their cuisine, the easy-on-the-eyes waitress served up some of the finest corned beef boxty going. The meat was lean and tender, and the whole thing was complemented by a heaven-sent mustard-based sauce. It's a knockout. Eat it. There are plenty of whiskies too, if that's your thing, and if you're here, it may as well be your thing.  All in all, there's not much to complain about. Good food, good drink, comfortable and relatively authentic atmosphere... Fibber Magee's is a total standout. Cheers!
I've been 4 times. The first 2 the food was ok, the soda bread dry and tasteless and the service was no where to be found.   The music has been decent the decor is what you want in a nice local pub but the last two visits made me realize this is only a place where you can go if you are white and know people behind the bar. I love Guiness and it's depressing to go to a bar and not get asked what you want to drink for nearly 20 minutes. I've many friends of varying ethinic  backgrounds express this same sentiment. Additionally, one trip resulted in us leaving because apparently we sat at a table that was reserved for "regular folks". Who knew that first come first seated and served doesn't apply - they should put up a sign.
I love Fibber's.  Yes it's noisy as hell.  Sometimes the band sucks so bad it makes your life force drain right out of you.  Then you have a Car Bomb and life is good again.  They have a great selection of Irish Beer on tap, as well as hard cider, which isn't always easy to find.  The food is good, standard Irish Pub food.  The new patio is great, you can smoke and keep drinking your beer. The live music is great, especially watching drunk girls attempt to jig with no real idea how to do it.  It's a great place for a night out with friends unless you are looking for deep, meaningful conversation.
Great neighborhood hang out! The food is good, beer is good and  just an all around great place to kick back and have a pint or two! Careful with Trivia night, lots of fun but can get real noisy if you're not into it.
This review is based simply on the drinks not the food but I wanted to give a shout to Fibbers for one of the best happy hours out there.  2 for 1 drinks from 4-7 and were not talking miller lite or coors we are talking Guinness, Smithwick's, etc.  You can beat the drinks and the atmosphere is great.  It just keeps getting busier and louder the later the night gets and live music is awesome.  If you go ask for the blacksmith (smithwick's and guiness mix).  You'll never drink beer the same again.
I've been going to Fibbers for a couple of years now.  It's a cool Irish bar in Chandler.  I've always really liked the Pub Trivia night they have on Tuesdays and the 2 for 1 drink specials during the Mon-Fri Happy hour are pretty good too.  The food is decent, although a little pricey.  The fish and chips are fantastic and so are the garlic mushrooms.  Clayton the bartender is the bomb!
I've spent many a night having fun at Fibber Magee's.  They always have great musicians playing.  I definitely think this place gives Rula Bula on Mill a run for its money!  Sure, it's in Chandler which is not the most happening place around Phoenix, but there sure are plenty of people who live in Chandler that love to go out!  It's about the best place to hang out in Chandler!  The crowd is somewhat monochromatic, but that's what one must expect from an Irish pub.  I spent New Year's Eve here two years ago, and I loved it!  The price included all-you-can-eat and all-you-can-drink for less than $100 per person!  It also included noisemakers, hats, live music and dancing!  So much fun!  This places shares a parking lot with Filiberto's Mexican food, in case you want to stop for a late night snack after the bar closes.
I love Fibbers.  I loved it more before people knew about it but boo hoo now I HAVE to share.  The food is good but there are only two vegi friendly selections.  they usually have good bands and now they have a nice patio so smokers can have thier repreive.  The only bad experience we had here was when my BF lost his sgian dubh and no one was honest enough to turn it in.  Oh and I ate a spring rool that had pork in it (I'm a veg) I threw up all night because of it, but that was my own fault for not asking.  Good food, good bands, great atmosphere, nice patio, good service.
3.8 stars.  Pretty good pub atmosphere, great chips and pretty good fish, especially for the desert.  My fish could best be described as a plank.  Three good size Cod fillets that were bonded together by the beer batter.  In the traditional English style, I prefer the Haddock fillets but you really only find that in England and New England.  The batter was laid on a bit heavier than I care for but it was still good batter.  The chips were nice long slices...perfect.  The tarter sauce was slightly sweet, I prefer it tangier.  Portions were good, particularly for the fish.  *fyi-  Fibber McGee & Molly was an early and long running radio show and is considered by many to be a precursor to the modern sitcom.
Met a friend here for post work, pre Christmas drinks and once again was happy with out choice.  Table service was fast, even though the bar was pretty full for a Wednesday night.    Stella on tap, and we both ordered the Sligo Sliders - Fillet Mignon tips, horsy sauce and au jus.  As usual, they came out perfect, just the right amount of crispy, battered onions on top, the buns toasted, and nice and hot.  A shared basket of their awesome, thick fries (really, more like wedges) completed the order and filled us up.
Awesome food. Great atmosphere. Great live entertainment. Truly a hidden gem in the Chandler area. Can't go wrong with the food nor beers. And the patrons are laid back and fun.
I have long believed that the best way to judge is business is not by what type of clientale they hope for, but the type of customers they actually get.  For Fibber Macgees, things are not well.  First thing I notice us that when I sit down is the bartender fails to notice me because he's busy talking to coeds 10 years his junior in what sounded to be heated debate. He finally makes his way to me and apologizes, saying he "likes to give girls shit about football."  Across the bar from me I notice a coupe on a a bad date. She is constantly touching her finger talking about what her wedding ring looked like before the divorce, he was staring at her chest.  Finally, the large woman who brought a twilight book to read In the corner alone while eating shepards pie.  This is the place where sadness goes to die.   I give them one star because of their pretty diverse guinness mixed drink menu. But that is all.
I came here once before a long time ago for a birthday bash. Because of the large size of the party, we were relegated to a large room separate from the rest of the bar.  At the time I thought it was good, very crowded and fun atmosphere.  As I was facing a white wall during most of the somewhat uncomfortable evening (ie My brother's friends, my Grandma and lots of booze), I barely noticed all the beautiful woodwork in the main bar area. I have been there twice this week.  Once for a nightcap and a second time for take out.  Both were very enjoyable. The nightcap was after midnight and a few stragglers were ramped up and kinda vocal, but otherwise a friendly and warm atmosphere.  I minded my own business and discovered a drawing application I my phone which kept me entertained.  The Vodka soda was fine with fresh lime.  Bartender was friendly and did not try to rush anyone out- it was getting late and yet he was still relaxed and attentive. Today i picked up a turkey avacado sandwhich and it was great!  Thinly sliced Turkey w/ sliced avacado and Bacon on a nice roll.  Some tomatoes and lettuce and it was perfect.   I recommend checking this place out for both the food and the casual atmosphere.
One night I stopped in for a pint and noticed they had a menu that served some traditional Irish fare. So when one of the kids wanted something "different" I took her here. I suggested the traditional Irish breakfast and she agreed. What I didn't tell her is that it includes blood sausage. The wait time for the meal was good and it looked like an Irish breakfast.  I had her try the sausage (which comes in white and black, without blood and with) and she gave me a funny look. Not that it was bad , but it didn't taste how it looked. They put nutmeg or something along that line in it. I could not put my finger on it , but it was different. We also had some shepards pie, which was pretty good. With the wooden decor and the choices of alcohol it is a good place to relax and hang for a while.
I've been looking for a neighbor hood bar to call it "my bar" for the longest time, ever since i moved back from california.  The bar tenders takes good care of their guests.  The enviroment is mgnificent, the crowd there is great too.  If you are looking for a good time, and drama free place, Fibber is the place to be.
Fibber's is a good time!  I've only eaten there a couple times, but the sheperd's pie was very good, as were the fish and chips and a couple of the appetizers.    Mainly I go there on the weekends to knock back a few pints and see the bands.  The place is really poppin' when the Brazen Heads play, for example, and I don't see all the depressed and downcast people mentioned in one of the earlier reviews.  I don't really get the thing about folks of different ethnicities being treated poorly at Fibber's.  I've been there with black guys and Indian guys, and none of the servers seemed to give a damn about their skin color.  They just poured the beer and collected the money.  I'll be there tonight for the Great Guinness Toast, too!
Fun Traditional Pub! We use to live very close to Fibber's, but now I join Mark T. and that in moving to Queen Creek, we don't frequent Fibbers as often..And we miss it!   It's a great place to meet after work or just to have a bite during the week. What's wrong with midweek boozing?  Last time I had the curry boxty, very yummy! Loads of cauliflower, I would have preferred more curry, but still good!   Great fillet Mignon sliders! Ask for extra blue cheese crumbles and horsey sauce! We love bartender Clayton! He rocks! Great live music like Mike Mercier and the Insomniacs!!
The best traditional Irish pub in the valley just got a whole lot better!  With a great new menu and fantastic happy hour deals, Fibber Magee's has become our new favorite place to enjoy food and cocktails.   We especially enjoy the half price flat breads and appetizers from 4 to 7 p.m., my favorites being the lamb skewers and the short rib sliders.  The happy hour drink specials are also a great deal with my favorite beer, an ice cold Stella Artois, priced at only $2.25 for a 17 ounce pint.    Fibber's has a very warm and comfortable atmosphere, with eye-pleasing wooden tables, chairs, floors, bookcases, etc.  The bar has very good background music, and the live bands that regularly appear are always entertaining.  Fibber Magee's also has some of the coolest bartenders and wait staff we have ever met.  Clayton, Will, Mark, and Mike all have a way of making us feel right at home every time we visit.
Ok. I LOVE the pub quiz here. That is the only reason I go, and the only reason it gets 3 stars. Take away pub quiz, and 1 star it is.  They used to have this kick ass Salmon Sandwich that a few folks on our Tuesday night pub quiz team would order - then a few months ago they took it off the menu for no good reason. Their hamburgers are decent, and the french fries are good, but that can be said about a lot of places.  The waitresses are always pretty rude and it takes forever to get a drink.   Still.....their pub quiz does rock.
Really fun place -- great drink and food specials, pretty easy atmosphere, live music was eh, but pub quiz was fun!
I've been out to Fibber Magee's a couple of times in the last few weeks and I am becoming a fan.  If you are in the mood for a pub/bar, this would be a fine choice.  The service has been consistently good so far, the beer cold and the food tasty.  I've been ordering the fish and chips, which has been mostly good.  The batter on the fish comes out nice and crisp, but can turn a little soggy if it sits on the plate too long.  Even a little soggy it was still edible, but you might eat the fish first to avoid this situation. My only other knock with the fish was that it was extremely greasy, but what else can you expect with fried foods?  The chips are pretty good, but nothing special.  Just your basic shoestring french fries.  While not perfect, the fish and chips was still quite tasty and as long as your not afraid of a little grease you'll probably enjoy them. The drinks were cold and my server made sure that I never ran dry.    Tip: Go for the lunch portion if you can.  The lunch portion is big enough, and the dinner portions tend to be a little pricey for bar food.
Love this place to eat and drink!!  This was a great find.  My favorite point is that they have organic chicken on the menu!  So hard to find.  The food in general is delicious.  I obviously got the chicken which came with mashed and green beans, and my boyfriend got the Sheppard's pie, which he also loved.  The service is great.  They have a ton of t.v.s, as well as pool, darts and video games.  It is very big and draws a nice crowd.  Highly recommend!
It's beautiful inside with a ton of wood.  The food was good and so was the beer.  I'm not a fan of trivia night, so depending on your persuasion you may want to schedule around that.   A great place for beer o'clock on St. Patty's day!
5/12/10  Came in to try some happy hour eats (Fibber Magee's offers 50% off all apps and flatbreads between 4p and 7p).  To begin my dining experience, I found the darkness in the pub to be overwhelming (a word I'd rather use in this context is "oppressing," but I'm trying to lighten up!).  I wouldn't have minded so much (as I could've sat closer to the door left ajar, which allowed light to come in), but then the music blaring out of the speakers overhead was just too much!  To compound the situation, the song selections were either U2 (which I liked) or jarring Irish punk rock (which I don't), most of which were of the latter.  :(  Perhaps I should've walked away after making these observations, but I've had FM bookmarked for at least six years now, and I wanted to get it over with.  After many inquiries about food preparation, the bread used (which company?  specific ingredients used?), etc., I decided I'd go w/ the crabcakes and the braised rib sliders.  The crabcakes (topped w/ roasted red peppers and garnished w/ wasabi and mustard mayo, the latter I opted out) also came w/ a side mixed greens salad and a citrus vinaigrette. While this dish wasn't the best-looking of all the dishes I had that afternoon- don't let the pic of the bread pudding fool you, it was the best-tasting, but this isn't saying much.  I didn't care for the watered-down flavor of the citrus vinaigrette, and frankly, the crabcakes had enough flavor, so the lack of dressing wasn't a big deal.  I don't know if I'd order them again, though...  What was a big let-down was the braised shortrib sliders' dish.  Now these sliders looked fantastic, but the shortrib pieces were so sinewy and/or fatty, that, as much as I tried, I couldn't chew through any!  I really wanted to like these, bec. of those gorgeous-looking fried onion strings that sat on top of each slider.  Thankfully, my server offered to swap them for something else, and it was w/ a little sadness that I said goodbye to those onion strings :'(  Lately, mussels haven't appealed to me, so my server's suggestion to try FM's wasn't giving me much hope.   Surprisingly, these mussels tasted OK, and the price is right (for happy hour), and if I weren't already not disappointed in the darkness of the pub; the loudness of the music's volume; and the sub-par quality of the shortribs, I may have enjoyed them more.  With the hope of finding something good to write about, I ordered the bread pudding.  (At this point, I should've just given up.)  The bread pudding dish, which you'd think, looking at the pics I took, would taste good,  was a disaster!  It was dark in the pub, yes, but the dish looked like they just placed slices of bread down, showered them w/ dried cranberries, and poured some white chocolate sauce.  Something was amiss- was it even baked?  How was it prepared?  There wasn't enough cream sauce to cover most of the bread.  I was told that the bread was indeed soaked in the cream, and then baked, but this bread pudding had to be the worst I've ever tried.  The pics looked great, but don't be fooled...    The server was friendly, and most of the stars reflect her attempts to appease me, but I didn't enjoy my experience there, and would never recommend this place to anyone.
I love an Irish pub, and I love me some Fibber Magee's. My trips are fewer now that I live out in East Hell (Queen Creek), but when I lived in Chandler @ Dobson & Warner, I visited much more often. I still love the feel of this place - the dark wood, the high round tables. I feel like I am back in Dublin.  I used to get the bangers & mash every time I visited, but the past few times my most recent time I went with fish & chips - one of my favorites. I didn't see the bangers on the menu this time, so it may have been changed. The full Irish Breakfast is exactly like I had back at the Tyrrellspass Castle Restaurant on my way to Galway, Ireland.  Wash it down with a Guinness or a Black & Tan. Slinte!
Solid shepherd's pie and they have HP sauce (bonus). Amicable service and the bartender even waited an extra 30 seconds to ring me up so happy hour prices would apply. Looking forward to going back to check the live music.
Had a nice late lunch at Fibber Magee's today.  A few drinks, a nice pub-ish atmosphere, and a quiet Saturday afternoon.  The chicken tenders were some of the best I've ever had.  They were almost 1/2 a chicken breast and fried in the same batter you would normally see for the fish of fish and chips.  The burgers looked great and those that ordered them said they tasted just as good as they looked.  The lamb skewers, served with a small salad, were perfect for a light lunch.  I have also been to FIbber's a few times later in the night and have always had a good time.  Live music, real dart board, good drinks and good people.  Fibber's is the kind of place you can hang out in for a long time.
Came here for a work event my husbands company was having. There were about 20-25 people and we had our own room with pool tables and dart boards (bring your own darts cuz they only have 1 set).   The food was all preordered so we had a lot of different things, which were all very tasty. The waitress was always walking through getting drink refills and was very helpful giving suggestions once she told me they don't carry blue moon.   They had a guy singing for part of the night, he was ok, but kept to the same type of slow songs so it got a  little boring after a while.   The decor was very cool and the atmosphere was great.   We will definitely be going back here.
Love the happy hour drinks, the dark bar and the smoking patio.... and would of given more stars, but yesterday I spent $32 on take out food (ps the menu prices in house are actually higher then those listed on the website- naughty naughty) and recieved an almost $13 steak sandwich with roughly 5 quarter-sized pieces of bland steak, and entire onion and no flavor what so ever. I put the blue cheese on the side so I could have a chance to actually taste the steak only to discover there is a reason there is an over-poweringly flavored spread on the sammy.  Then the fries were soggy and gross.  The chicken tenders were good, battered with their fish and chip batter and the mustard they came with was delicious, but $10 for a chicken tender appetizer.... ouch.  The bread pudding was good, but the one at Famous Dave's is way better, and really, a BBQ joint beating out an Irish pub in the race for the best bread pudding? WTF.  So I guess what Im saying, is if you plan on dinning at Fibber's, skip the menu, get the fish and chips and just get hammered on the patio.  Under no circumstance, order a to-go dinner of much anything else on the menu. Also, I must throw in, I do go here quite a bit, and the wait staff, the music and the people always rock and I always have a good time.  Love the bar staff, love the tap choices, I'll just eat before I go.
I tried this place during lunch, sat at the bar. Just a few people, very low key. Great pub, the fish n chips are awesome, much better that churchill's, which I believe is out of business now. Nice & big, crispy batter, fish nice and flaky. They serve it on top of the chips, and you'll have to ask for tartar. I can't wait to try the Shepherds' pie.
For our first night of vacation in town, my sister and I wanted to check out an Irish pub.  We turned to Yelp, read reviews of several places, and quickly realized that Fibber Magee's was the place to check out.  Great pub!  The first thing I noticed was the beautiful woodwork.  Aside from the positive visual aesthetic, the service was great.  We were immediately greeted at the door and promptly served our beers by the friendly bartender.  Said bartender kept coming back to check on us and chat.  Tasty bar eats, too!  In order to try a few things off of the menu, we opted for a few apps:  the chicken tenders and the fish sliders.  Awesome!  Both were fantastic for bar grub.  Yum!  I have a feeling we'll be popping by again before our vacation is over!  Friendly staff and friendly locals.  Great happy hour.  We felt right at home.  I'm glad we happened upon this Irish pub.     Thank you, Phoenix Yelpers, for pointing me to Fibber Magee's!
Best pub in the valley! The Blacksmiths are beyond compare & they just know how to pour the perfect pint. I'm never more comfortable than I am at Fibber's and I just wish I lived closer so I could go at least once a week. (I live near Casey Moore's, but that's kid stuff. I want the real deal)  :)
I only stopped by there while visiting a friend in AZ but it was a pretty fun place! There was a great live musician and the drinks were reasonably priced! Would go again if I happened to be in the area.  I will say, for a small place that is relatively tucked away, I was impressed by the large patio and the fact that they have sugar-free Red Bull!
Fibbers, it had been a while.  Went down on a Wednesday night, and it was perfect for a second date. The background music was at the perfect level for conversation and the staff was friendly.  While I'm still sad that they took my favorite item off the menu, the food was excellent.  I had a chicken sandwich, and it was juicy and perfect.  Kevin had the shepherds pie, and loved every bite of the tender lamb.   Later on, there was some live music, but as it was one singer with an acoustic guitar, it was the first time conversation was possible with live music.  She played at the right level for the smaller weekday crowd.  Our server was great, as we moved from patio, back inside, back to the patio, and was friendly and prompt all night.
I was disappointed with the fish & chips last night. We've had it many times before and it's always been a go-to menu item for me. But last night the piece of fish was half it's usual size and they must have changed their fries. They were small schnibbles of fries & were on the greasy size. I'll go back but I'll try a different menu next time.
Lovely place! It's a very cozy and friendly place to eat and drink. It definitely looks and feels like a real pub! Worth checking out (I recommend the blue cheese salad).
With the cooler weather my taste for Guinness has come back, but where does one go for good Guinness in Chandler? An Irishman (as in a man from Ireland, not an American with an Irish name) I know recommended this place, since the drive to Tim Finnegan's is no longer feasible from Chandler.   Now it should be understood that an Irish Pub that serves great Guinness will also have great pub food (at least in America, ironically, it wasn't easy finding good food in Ireland). Fibber Magees is definitely a good destination for food and drink.  Before we entered the door, we were greeted with the sound of live Celtic music. There is a decent size stage for live entertainment, which is nice to see. The bar and front area is quite big and open, but it can become quite crowded and loud on the weekend.  The food and drink.  Guinness is very tasty. I am not going to expound on this matter but any Guinness drinker will tell you if it is right on, or off - it was right on.  Fish and Chips. Definitely different, but very good. Excellent quality fish, but they serve you a huge piece which needs to be handled with a knife and fork. Fries were also very good, cole slaw was good but very skimpy, like two bites. They need to make the portion of slaw larger and the fries smaller. Tarter sauce was OK, I think they could be more creative and deliver a less bland tarter sauce.  On the second visit, had the corned beef and cabbage. Very good, ordered the horseradish as well, excellent horseradish. I still believe the best Corned Beef and Cabbage is at the Q Bar in Peoria on Wednesday's, but that is an insane drive from Chandler, and the place always reeks of fish.   Service here was excellent, and I will definitely return.
The atmosphere at Fibber Magees is the first thing you notice walking in. Open the door and, if you're there at the right time and day, you're bound to be hit in the ears with live music. The performer (I, unfortunately, did not catch her name) is wonderfully talented. She attempted doing an operatic  piece while I was there the second time and succeeded in spades.   I like their selection of beers and ciders and they have plenty of them on draft. They also have their fair share of good ones not on tap. Having grown up without being able to experience Guinness it's still a novelty for me, but not a favorite. They also have some concoctions like the Snakebite which is half cider and half ale which is not half bad.  Now for the food. The food. Let me preface this by saying I have this thing for garlic. So when I saw fries with garlic sauce on the side, I ordered it immediately. I will now proceed to spend the next fifteen months trying to figure out how to make it. The curry they have on the side with one of their fries is also very good and I suspect it's even better over rice. Their flatbread is exceptional and is something I'm dying to go back and nom on again.  I have two minor complaints, neither of which detracted from my experience. First, the man taking our orders seemed to be spread very thin and was having a hard time getting around making sure everything was filled. On my second visit, that was not an issue, but I made the poor choice of sitting right in front of the singer while she was performing, but that was an oversight on my part.  I should also note that they have a back room with four TV screens playing sports, they have a pool table and darts in back as well as a patio where, presumably you can smoke (assuming we haven't banned that in bars in Arizona). Specials are listed on their website and $3.25 for beers on Sunday? I'll be right there.  This being the case, I'm going back. I love the atmosphere, I love the decor and I love the food. I'd say this is the kind of place you bring a couple friends to kick back a few beers with and just have a good time.
I love going here on Wednesday nights at 8 to listen to the live music they have (they have a singer named Holly) because it's wonderful!!  They serve half-price flatbread pizzas all night, I recommend the braised rib one.  Delicious!
What a mixed bag for me.  I used to love this place, I really did.  There was a time when a group of my friends considered Fibbers to be their seccond home - and we were here at least two or three times a month.  (Some are there almost daily - I would only make the trek a couple times a month.)  The drinks were poured well and reasonably priced, the food was tasty and the music was great.  Real craic in that room!  Not sure what happened over the past couple of years - but WOW, last night was hit and miss across the board.  A group of us met to bid farewell to a friend moving out of state.  The drinks are still solid (they have REAL ginger ale, which is getting more and more rare with many bars opting to mix coke and sprite for the right color - flavor be damned.)  The food was pretty spot on, too - though I am not thrilled with some of the menu changes and don't get others.  (Gone are the fried mushooms - which were fantastic.  For an Irish Pub - why the section of Medditerannean flatbread pizza??  The items I saw were well presented - but along with the "upgrade" to the menu, some of the local pub flavor has been lost.)  I had the fish and chips.  With the size of the cod filet that showed up, it's a damn good thing I was sharing with another gal - that sucker was HUGE!  The beer batter was flavorful and fried to crispy golden perfection - the cod was still moist and tasty - a truly enjoyable dish.  It was on a bed of fries - somewhat thicker than shoestring, but thinner than normal - skin on and well cooked.  The coleslaw was OK - seemed commercial grade - but nothing wrong with it.    So - why only three stars?  Service and music.   Our server was adorabe.  Cute, sweet, friendly and great smile.  And damn near totally inept.  There were five of us at our table.  With the first round of drinks, three of us asked for water in addition to our libations.  None of us got them.  So we asked again when the food was dropped off.  Nothing.  The party next to us had some styro cups and an almost empty pitcher of water.  I grabbed the cups, filled what I could, and took the pitcher to the bar to get refilled.  When we wanted a fresh round of drinks, it took over 20 minutes of empty dinner plates and empty cocktail and beer glasses before she came around. No pre-bussing was done as plated were emptied - and when she did come by to grab dishes, she looked so focused and didn't make eye contact that without grabbing her, it would have been impossible to ask for more drinks.  The disturbing part was when I ordered an Irish Coffee (yes, I am aware that Irish Coffee is not from Ireland - it's from San Francisco - but in this day and age, ordering Irish Coffee at an Irish pub just makes good sense.)  The look I got from our waitress was a combo of deer in the headlights, confused, and "what language did you just say that in?" Happily, the bartender knows just what it is, and I received a good one - but the look she gave when I asked for it was more than a little unsettling.  And noted by the people around me, as well. At the end of the night, I had to search the bar to find her to get my tab. I guess that's the irony of of the automatic 18% gratuity for groups.  She doesn't actually have to WORK to make the money.  Why should she?  Do a half assed job and get 18%, or truly work and do a good job and maybe get another 4 or 5% on average?  So - it's there to ensure she doesn't get stiffed, but it also doesn't provide any reason for her to do a decent job.  Sigh.  The band was really, really bad.  They used to bring in local bands with Irish flavor - who were GOOD.  The band last night (and from conversation with regulars, most of the bands of late) could not be classified as good.  But, what they lacked in talent they more than made up for in volume.  The best part of the show was when they took breaks.  Sure - it may not be fair to take a star away from the establishment based on my feelings toward the band - but it was impossible to overlook.  If that's the caliber of bands Fibbers is bringing in on weekends now, I think I know what I will have to do in the future. #1 - only show up during the week and #2 - sit at the bar. Hopefully when Clayton in there - as he knows just what he's doing and has the charm and personality that keeps me feeling like a valued customer.
Great Irish breakfasts, and other Irish foods like boxty, shepherd's pie, and corned beef and cabbage.  I can't vouch for the more Americanized foods, but the boxty dishes and shepherd's pie I've tried have been delicious, and although I've never been to Ireland to have an Irish breakfast, it tasted pretty good to me!  They certainly used all the ingredients that one would have in Irish breakfast, including blood sausage (Which tastes quite good, despite the sanguinary name).
Just tried out Fibber's on the way home with some friends the other day. All of us would agree that this is a 5-star. The atmosphere was very cool, open and easy to get around. The service was excellent and our waitress was very attentive. The beer was great and great selection! The food was outstanding. 2 of us got fish and chips and it was huge! A large piece of fish right on top a gigantic order of fries, definitely a knife and fork meal. 1 of my friends got a shepard's pie and it was also huge. He said it was delicious and judging by the dent he put in it, he wasn't lying.    Myself and another friend got a burger and it was so damn good and  cooked perfectly to medium as I had asked. I Got bacon because I'm a man and it was a different type of bacon but was insanely delicious along with the great fries. $5 burgers on Mondays or all you can eat fish and chips on Friday's we saw there, so we'll definitely be back. Huge fan, would love to see some live Celtic music that people are talking about below. Try this pub, especially if you love a good atmosphere and pub food!
I love this place! The bartenders are always friendly, and very attentive without being overbearing. The atmosphere is very low key. They have great live music all the time. If you like Irish pubs, this is the place for you.
After living in Ireland we've been searching for a great Irish place. This has been the closest we've found so far. Several have the look or feel...and that's it. I'm not much of a drinker, I do know the Irish drink more than just Guinness and Jameson. They really like Coors light over there...lol. Just because a place throws a old bike on the wall and plasters Guinness stuff around doesn't make it Irish.  Fibber's better look and feel, the menu  selections are great. they have Brown sauce!  The service was really bad.  They need to hire more wait staff.  the garlic fire sauce was spot on! The burger was one of the best I've had in a very long time. They put Irish bacon too! I'd give it five stars but the service stunk...too to long to get your order.
Met a couple here so we could experience the Friday fish fry. We both found it thru Yelp - neither of us had been here prior.   The fish was all you can eat but it was so greasy and heavy on the batter that we couldn't really take advantage of that. The chips were sparse, as was the coleslaw. Plenty of fish to go around.   Enjoyed a few Harp's and of course Guinness is on the menu. Waitress was really lacking in service - asked for waters several times, had to chase her down for beers, offered us more fish before we even started on the first.  We stuck around to hear the band. They were a kick and could actually sing some non-Irish songs! Had some fun and got some good people watching time in (this was just prior to St Paddy's day).  Place is dark and run down inside. Looks like some folks use this as their starter bar. I can't fathom going there again myself - bar, food or otherwise.
Oh man, you know I love me some Fibber Magees. I found this place the first day I moved to Mesa, and I never looked anywhere else. Some of the best bartenders around- Clayton, Will (who's not there anymore, but dammit he should be), Scott, the list goes on. None of them are any less than stellar. And the atmosphere is as close to what I think of as a real Irish pub as I've ever found.   I know what you're thinking- wooden floors, Guinness and an Irish sounding name, and you've got yourself an "authentic" Pub. Nay nay- I looked into it, and one of the bar's owners is from Ireland directly. It's a PUBlic house, meaning yes, you can bring the kids, and nobody's getting offended. Everyone's just getting well fed and having a great time.   Now let's talk about the amenities people- all drink and no play makes Joe a sad boy. At Fibber's, the games abound. They have 2 pool tables, a few arcade games in the back (Buck Hunter and Golden Tee), 3 dart boards, live music all the time (including a Sunday Afternoon Irish Jam), and multiple large flatscreens so you can catch the game, too. This place is almost always a great time, and when it's not, it's because everyone's recovering from the night before. If you want to come and chill out, have a cold one and not be in a meat market on a Friday night, look no further.   Also, they have some of the very best food I've ever eaten in a bar. One word- BURGERS. Before I went vegan, this was the Mecca, the Holy Grail, the Eden of hamburgers. But their flatbreads, their fries, their salads- everything on this menu is amazing. Don't miss the Fish and Chips- make a night of it. Hot wings rule here, too. Oh yes, and they have CHAMP. If you don't know what it is, Google it, order it, eat, repeat.   Fibbers, please oh please move to Portland. Marquam Hill specifically. Until you do, Arizona- you better treat them nice.
Best fish & chips...PERIOD!
This is, hands-down, my favorite place to celebrate St. Patty... except for this year, it's been a tradition for the co-workers and me to spend St. Patty's afternoon there... so bummed this year it fell on a Sat and I didn't have the usual crew around to continue our tradition.  I have also gone numerous times on non-event days and I've always enjoyed the atmosphere, pub food, bar staff and especially the booze.  Service at the tables is usually a bit slow, which is why I always know to order my James & Ginge Ale at the bar (tab open) and leave the meal order to my server.  Bar staff is attentive and, even when they're hella busy, they'll get you your drink quickly without the griping.  The atmosphere is totally casual and seating used to be a major biatch until they opened up the back part a year or two ago... now, that area has more darts and pool tables for your boozing and socializing needs.  Note that the patio gets full of smokers (if you don't care for that sort of air), so FYI.  I've eaten their flatbreads, their Shepherd's Pie and plenty of their Fish and I think their food is pretty damn tasty pub fare... to hell with the calories, I LOVE that fish!
When we sat down I thought the prices were high, but when our food was delivered (burger and sheppards pie) we decided the prices were just slightly high for the portion sizes. We went in on a Tuesday night, and I believe we were the only ones in the building not there for trivia night. Next time I think we will split an entree and try a dessert or appetizer as well. Server was friendly and very concerned about the amount of ice I had in my iced tea.
I love the cheap beer and a good selection on tap. They have a great staff, when they want to be. Happy Hour Specials are pretty cheap and the food is great!
Great drinks, good food, and some of the most friendly stuff in the valley. I go to Fibber's every Friday with a few friends from work and enjoy some great happy hour specials and darts. Good atmosphere for groups, and often great music on the weekend. Check it out if you live in the Chandler Area.
So enjoyed this place.It was a perfect place to celebrate my birthday. The band was amazing!! Brazenheads...you  really should come give them a listen. Our waitress Melinda was on top of our drinks, and was more than helpful with suggestions!  I shall return!....
I've always enjoyed the atmosphere here.  It's decor feels like a pub to me.  I've only been here a few times but the staff has been nice every time.  No complaints so far on my end.....  One of these days I may actually get around to looking at the menu for food.
nice up scale bar food...fish n chips are great but always flabbergasted by the tasteless almost non-existent  cole slaw ..Jen was a good server...
Staff is great, live music is great... other Chandler "Irish" bar tries to copy them but can't.  Clayton and others behind bar remember what you drink and how you like it.  They are quick with a joke, or to light up your smoke.... seriously a good bar though.
A real jewel of Chandler!!! I've been there for drinks several times but never ate there until today. Wish I had been eating there the whole time. I had no idea how good it was.  They actually have a chef running the show in the kitchen and it shows. The chicken fingers were amazing. Perfectly breaded plump chicken strips (not the flat frozen crap you get everywhere else).  The garden salad was far above what you would expect. Lots of veggies, red peppers, and some type of peanut dressing that definitely didn't come out of a big plastic bottle.   I was expecting regular old bar food but this place takes it to a much higher level. Some of the best bar food I have ever had.   Beats the pants off Yard House, Casey Moores, etc...
Legit chill Irish pub so this review is based on Irish Pub criteria. It's dark and moody, it's got good food...great drinks, and good people.  Food - B+ Bordering on A. Get the mussels. Done. Drinks - B+/A- I like the availability of Irish/English brews on tap and they have cider. I am a freak for cider, but that's just me. Oh and their house wines are legit.  Seating - A++ Dark Corners, tables, Booths, High tops.  The Patio - Decent sized for what you gotta do out there. Hey, and there's a game room! Sweet.   When I used to live in Chandler this was an often visited watering hole. I kinda miss its chill vibe OH and I forgot to mention: There's a Filibee's in the parking lot. So, if you need some grub at 2:15am...you're covered.  I just decided after writing this review, I'm heading back ASAP. You dark mistress Fibber's...ya got me.
I wish I could give 10 stars! My Husband and I absolutely love this place. The bartenders are amazing. B.J. makes an awesome bloody mary! If you like fish, their fish and chips or the cod sliders cannot be beat.  This is our favorite place to grab a few drinks, have some great food, and wonderful service. Keep up the great work! B.J. And Kenny are the best.
It's a sad state of affairs when my husband and I are driving around looking for homes for sale within walking distance of Fibber Magees.  We like the place that much.  We went again today and ordered the mussels, which always make me blaspheme with pleasure they are so good.  They are on par with fresh mussels I've had on the coasts.  Just amazing.  And the broth is bacony and oniony and peppery.  They give you one slice of very good garlic bread per order, which is really not enough.  That order should come with two pieces so I don't have to pay a buck for another one or start dipping things like french fries and tacos in that wonderful broth.  One of these days I'm going to ask Kevin to hook me up with a dirty martini with about a 1/2 shot of that broth.  We typically get the fish and chips, which have always been perfect, but today for some reason I tried something different.  I had the pork tacos app for my meal and it came with four fat stuffed little soft shells with some tasty tomatillo salsa and pico de gallo.  Tender pork and flavorful salsa.  My belly was very happy.  I topped that with a Newcastle, and then was feeling frisky so I asked Kevin for one of those Three Olives Froot Loop drinks.  Great dessert.  Trust me.  The Baileys Bread and Butter Pudding is a stellar dessert choice as well.    Mr. M had the cod sandwich and it was fried perfectly, as the fish always has been there.  It may seem simple to some, but there's really an art to cooking fish.  It doesn't take much to overcook it and whoever is frying it up back in Fibber's kitchen knows what they are doing.   I don't usually eat a lot of fries but theirs are like crack for me because they are skinny and brown and salty.  Mmmmmm mmm mmm.  And I will say a few of them got dipped in that mussels broth and that was delicious.   So my only simple request, with eyes wide open like Puss In Boots in the Shrek movies, is to add a second piece of garlic bread to the mussels order.  Maybe do only one when it's half off during happy hour, but faith n' begorrah, one just isn't enough!!
To be honest, Guinness is Guinness, and (barring any keg/line issues) tastes pretty much the same wherever you go.  What sets Fibber Magee's apart from the competition is the great staff, who actually take some time to talk to you instead of just pouring your drink and sending you on your way - and who actually pour a proper two-stage Guinness pour without having to ask for it.  The atmosphere is great, and the live music was very enjoyable.  Food-wise, can't say too much about it except that the curry fries are delicious (don't knock it 'til you've tried it).  Oh, and no cover!  That's pretty awesome!  I'll definitely be back soon.
Went back again today. Service was excellent, as usual.  Super fast and friendly. This is the perfect place to enjoy happy hour! BJ is awesome behind the bar.
We have been coming to Fibbers for over 8 years.  Have always enjoyed the atmospher, staff, and fair prices.  They have good food for a bar.   Lately the staff they have brought in is less than spectacular.  They are slow, unfriendly, and need to learn a little bit about customer service.  We sat at the bar last night and waited over 10 minutes just to have them take our drink order.  We had to flag down the bartender PJ several times to get food orders and our second round of drinks.  I found him to be rude and condescending when we dealt with us.  Also noticed several other customers had to flag him down to order more drinks. Not what I consider good customer service.  There were a few people in the place but it was not what I would consider busy.   Food took well over 30 minutes to arrive.  We just ordered flat bread and a salad.  In the past this would have been there in under 15.  The flat bread was cold and a portion of it was missing.  It must have stuck to the pan when they were making it.  In the past the place always felt like the comfortable bar to stop by after work, now it felt cold.   Like I said, we have been coming here for years but if the service is like this the next time we stop by, we might need to look at other options.
Great pub with better than average food. Happy hours are a bargin and it seems overlooked for weekday lunch which makes it nicer for those that do go there. Check the live music they have weekend eves. New asian chicken salad on the menu was really good.
Fibber Magees is the best place to spend a Sunday afternoon. Kenny is behind the bar today and he is awesome! He seems to remember every customer by name and takes the time to make everyone feel acknowledged. He also makes an amazing bloody Mary. This is my favorite place to grab a drink and relax. BJ and Kenny are the biggest part of that. You can get a drink anywhere, but the personality these two bring is priceless.
Clean, authentic bar with a rich atmosphere. Bartenders greet you by name and the staff is attentive.  Fresh homemade chips. Not fries. Real Irish chips called Dirty Nellies! A real treat for the pallet. Their wings are delicious.   Don't forget to try the Kilkenny's beer. Frothy fun in a glass. A rich smooth taste served in a cold glass.   By far a great place to bring a group to watch the games. Cheers my friends and stay thirsty!
You wouldn't think much of this place by driving by because it's kind of a hole in the wall, but stop the car!  Best Guinness on tap (they know how to pour), yummy food, good prices, great staff and cool atmosphere. I've never been out of the country, but I get a true Irish pub feeling going here. Very welcoming and kind of feel like family.  Will definitely visit more often!
In the area on business and did a search on the net for Irish bars in the area. Glad I found this one. The bartenders Will and Ken were friendly and attentive. Will, who I found out later was the owner, knows how to pour a perfect Guinness. The pork tacos were very good and I will def be back to try some of the other food selections also. I also liked the fact that besides the standard Irish beers that they also had some craft beers on tap. Just a great, friendly place that I will be frequenting again while here on business.
Fibber Magees is as good as it gets . . . unless by some small miracle you are transported back to an Irish Pub in Dublin.   We had:  Tempura Beans (Irish?), Dirty Nellies, Fish & Chips, Shepherd's Pie, and a Rasher Burger all washed down by Smithwicks, BlackSmith & a Grimbergen Blond.  All super good Irish pub food - -  with the exception of the Tempura Beans (which were excellent, but Irish?). We could have been sitting in that magical transported Irish Pub.  Ambiance was Irish pub; service was sweet Irish lass friendly and right on top of our needs.   Then . . . we had to step back out into a warm Arizona spring day. Lovely here, but I'd rather be in an Irish Pub.  P.S. Fibber Magees has All-U-Can-Eat Fish & Chips every Friday!
Although, I do not come here that often, I am a big fan of this place.  It's an unpretentious Irish bar, that is a lot of fun.  Of all the proclaimed Irish bars that I have been to in the valley, this is the most Irish of them all.  There's nothing modern about this place, like most Irish bars, so it's nice.  I have only eaten here once and I had the fish and chips and it was quite good.  So if I'm in the neighborhood and I want a drink, I will definately stop on in here!!
This is truly my favorite place to grab a drink in the area!  Service: BJ, and Troy are my absolute favorite bartenders. They are extremely knowledgeable, always ready to recommend something delicious, and are always very fun to talk to.  The Drinks: Wine? Yes! Whiskey? Yes! Every other type of liquor you could possible want? Yes! Draft / Canned / Bottled Beer? Yes! Yes! Yes! Fantastic selection. I always take a look at their ever-changing craft beer list before making my decision. I've been able to try beers that I didn't even know existed! The beer is always cold and there is always something on special.  The Food: Let's face it... after a few cold ones you're going to want to eat and Fibbers has you covered! There are different food specials every night and I've had almost everything. Those thin garlic fries are great, the burgers, flatbreads, Shepard's pie, Meatloaf, DESSERT... seriously, get some food while you're there.   The Atmosphere: It's an Irish pub... Nothing better than going in to listen to an acoustic band after work during the week! If I had one complaint I would say the bands on Fridays and Saturdays are a little too loud.  The Price: Daily food and drink specials, happy hour, reverse happy hour, shot specials, beer of the day specials... you can always get a good deal here  Best Irish Pub. Period.
I'm more of a party bar type person. Sitting around listening to live music that I've never heard and have no idea how to dance to isn't generally my thing. I've been to FGs when they had parties going on (including St. Patrick's Day) as well as just to get lunch.  It really isn't my thing in either case. If you just want to have more of an Irish time sitting around talking to friends and drinking G, then this is your place.  Still a nice place and food is generally alawys good to me.  St. Patricks is a clusterfuck. Craziness. Fun. Just remember that if you go for this event, don't drive. Don't even drive if you've only had one beer 5 hours ago. Police will sit around FGs and pull you over, pull everyone over, that comes out of that place. I got hauled in for a DUI after the cop said that I made an improper left turn (how convenient of him to make that up so he could pull me over). Luckily I had stopped drinking hours and hours before leaving so I was way under the limit and the case got thrown out.
A good standard "authentic Irish pub". Had the magners cider (wish they had strongbow on tap instead) and cob sandwich. Good drink, good food. My male eating companion said he wasn't sure if they'd cleaned the bathrooms since st patty's day since he's been in alleyways that have smelled better.
What's to say? It's a pub with good food.  Good burgers, good unique appetizers - really decent fish & chips. Surprisingly, for a pub, the noise level isn't too bad here due to good interior structure and keeping the music at a reasonable (but listenable) volume. You can actually have a conversation with table mates, unlike Cornish Pasty Co which is just up the street.  Have not been disappointed by the food or service.
We really like this bar! Not much to say; great drinks, yummy food, relaxing atmosphere! They always have good bands playing and fun events going on. Great place to kick back and catch up with some friends in a comfortable place.
Awesome neighborhood pub.  They know how to poor a Guinness correctly and are very knowledgeable about their outstanding Whisky selection.  I've found it rare in AZ that a bartender knows much about Whisky, so it was a pleasant surprise to get such good tips from our bartender.  I will definitely be back!
Went in on a HOT Arizona afternoon for some cold brewski and snacks. The air conditioning was borderlne cold!!   YAY!   Felt wonderful.  Really comfortable.  Great bartender and waitress.  We loved it!
Best. Fish. And. Chips. Ever. Seriously. Don't pass this up.  They also have a selection of different microbrews on rotation! And of course nonstop Irish music for your listening pleasure.
Amazing place to have a beer and the food was amazing.
Fibber's is always our go-to in town bar when we don't want to deal with Mill or Scottsdale.   You may be surprised when you enter the strip-mall storefront when you are confronted with authentic all wood paneling and tasteful Irish decorations. You can sit at the bar, at a table, or at one of the large wooden kegs that seat up to six. In addition to offering the best Guinness pour in Phoenix, they now have several craft beers on tap as well.  I've been a regular for several years now, and their service and food has stayed consistently excellent. There are no rude servers or bartenders at Fibber's, and if you're not happy, they'll make you happy.  I don't usually write "glowing" reviews, but Fibber's really is that good. Check them out.
Went for a friend's bday gathering at the beginning of June.  It is a cute place in a strip mall.  The food wasn't bad, almost pretty good, service was pretty good, my only issues were the fact that is was hard to hear (this was before the band started) and it was kinda hot inside.
Low key atmosphere, on Mondays they have $5 burgers when you buy a $3 beer, great deal and great food.
A great Irish pub right down the way from me. The atmosphere is great. The inside has an all wood appearance with a large fully stocked bar. Makes it feel like an authentic Irish pub. There's a good selection of whiskey and beer with plenty of interesting drink combinations available. The staff is always friendly and greats you on your way in and out.  As for the food, great burgers but even better Irish food. First time I came here for lunch and got the corned beef and cabbage. Was very fresh and flavorful. Could tell it was not a cookie cutter recipe. Will definitely need to come back and try out more of their dishes.
I would actually give this place four and a half stars, as the service is patchy at time, though always friendly. With their daily specials and the the great atmosphere, you really can't go wrong stopping in for a meal, or just for drinks. No one to go with? No worries! Everyone I have met there is super friendly, and you won't feel alone! The menu has something for everyone, and I have yet to order anything that wasn't really tasty!
Fibber Magees kicks so much ass!   Very traditional in appearance; all wood.   Oh it's "too Irish", ya say?! I love how un-modern this place is for an Irish pub . . . and those giant wooden kegs you can sit at! Don't need that flash and flare. Just give me the beer!   Smithwicks on tap? Sold! Fabulous specials about every night of the week. Half off pints and appetizers Sunday, $5 burgers and $3 bottles of Guinness Black Lager on Monday nights.  There's plenty of other tap beers as well as a rotation of craft beers, some local.   Try the Dirty Apple. It's a fusion of Guinness and an Irish cider. LOVED it.   Whiskey on whiskey on whiskey. Forgot the bartender's name, but he was more than helpful this weekend when we asked for his favorite whiskey suggestions. Thanks, dude!   The Bleu Burger is already fresh and flavorful; it's even better when you add bacon. The Corned Beef and Cabbage is the best I've had.   Try the garlic fries at your own risk . . . They're addicting. Especially the garlic aioli sauce that comes with them. Don't say you weren't warned.   Look forward to coming back on a night with live music!
I was introduced to this pub last night (Thursday) when I went there to see a friend of mine play and wasn't impressed.  the pub's atmosphere seemed very uncomfortable for me; didn't get a great vibe from it. Overall, the pub looks very nice with all the wood floors and a very warm, traditional style of an Irish pub. I will say that the bartender was very nice and friendly; however, didn't really know who the waiters/waitresses were so didn't know how to ask for drinks or food when I did eventually sit down. I will also say that if any of my girlfriends go to this pub, I will definitely recommend that they go with friends or at least one other person (guy or girl). I was hit on barely 10 minutes after entering the pub and the guy would not leave me alone nor take no for an answer. my friend playing eventually had to stop in the middle of his song/set to tell the guy to leave me alone. The guy was eventually removed from the premise and I was able to enjoy the rest of the night. Overall, my experience at this pub was not the greatest and will probably not be going back anytime soon.
What a cool place! Definitely try it on a Monday, where their awesome hamburgers are just a crazy, crazy five dollars. Great happy hour until 7 with half price apps and flatbreads, and cheaper pints. Friendly service, traditional Irish Pub decor, and really good, inexpensive food.
Arizona lacks Irish pubs and this pub is exactly what that is. The bartenders remember you by name and for the most part they know you by drink! Fast friendly service! Their food is also surprisingly fantastic! You wouldn't think a place like this would have such phenomenal food. I love this place!
I am not a pub aficionado....But, I do think I have a good understanding of what I do and do not like in a pub. Fibber's is your classic multi-faceted pub/bar that pours out great craft beers while cranking out awesome tunes. Lets have another, and review Fibber Magees.  ~Fud/Drink~ I can only really vouch for the drinks here...Just for starters. They have a very well-rounded selection of craft beers on draft from around the country that is rotated very often... I would assume more than just a seasonal rotation. Besides the crafts, they offer up all the traditional pub favorites on draft as well, my personal fav being Smithwicks. They also serve up their own special cocktails and offer a full bar, as well as a menu chocked full of traditional Irish pub food. I have had the garlic fries before, and they were OK... I have had better  (sorry Meagan B.!) Next time I am there, I will what my diet can allow me to eat, and report back with my review on the food.   ~Atmosphere/Service~ Each time I have gone, I have been there when my favorite Irish Rock band "Keltic Cowboys" were playing. Being a loud band, the atmosphere was obviously a bit more upbeat. But, that tells me that this location knows how to get the place rockin' and keeps their customers happy. Different flare is located across the wall, from sprots to different Irish heritage signage. The inside is predominantly wood based, so its got that old-style bar feel, nothing contemporary to this place. It is not overtly loud when the band is not playing, however it can get crowded on busy nights, making it a tad difficult to get to the barkeeps. The bartenders are knowledgeable, and helped me pick a couple brews out when I first started trying to get into darker colored beers...So hats off to them! Service is a bit lacking, however, from the waitstaff. This is due mainly in part to the fact that they had 1 person running tables, during a show, on a SATURDAY NIGHT. That's not helping anyone...not the waitress who is trying her best, or the customers. We barely got touched during our 2+ hours there...I'd say about 3 times....that's no bueno. So note to management, get an extra body out there to help everyone out!  ~Extras/Rating~ Overall, this place keeps serving me well. I really love coming here, and despite the 25+ minute drive from Phoenix, it is totally worth it when a band is playing or if you have some friends whom want to relax and kick back. I must note that they are an official Gameday location for Seahawks fans, and my UYE group will be heading over soon enough to drop in and see how the location fares. I can't wait to return to kick a couple back, sooon...sooon...
I am not up on all of the Irish bars in Phoenix but I found out about this one through a friend, whose husband is the bass player for the Keltic Cowboys. I have been here a few times and have enjoyed myself. I gave it four stars because it is a little cramped when there is a band and our waitress was not the greatest because we had to wait forever for our checks.     Last time I went, they were having a Halloween costume party and the Keltic Cowboys were playing so I decided to go. I tried their drink called, The Dirty Pear, which is Guinness and Pear Cider. It was yummy! That night I also tried the fries or the "chips" as they call them. I was expecting an appetizer size since I ordered it off the appetizer menu but the waitress brought out a conical basket full of fries. I was able to full up on them so I didn't have to buy more food.  This place is a little hard to see because it is in a shopping center so you have to be on the lookout for it. I usually just type it into my Google maps and be on the lookout when I am close. I recommend coming here and checking out The Keltic Cowboys!
I could just copy my review from Skeptical Chymist as they are both sister pubs and both very good and both Seahawks bars.  I have come here twice now both for seahawks games. All the food has been good especially the corned beef hash breakfast and my favorite at both locations the muscles. The sweet chilli wings are good as well.  For Seahawks games you have to get here early as the sight lines to the big screen aren't great and there are quite a few tables that you pretty much can't see.  The beer selection is good and they often has deals on Guinness and other Irish beers.  Fun place to come and watch a game with good food and drinks.
Great ambiance, friendly bartenders, awesome beers on draft, happy hour ROCKS & food never dissapoints.
Fibbers is within walking distance of our new place and I've been taking advantage lately- you can't go wrong with the happy hour here. Seriously, half price all apps? Sold- and it's great food! Beer is good, pricey though so not the best but the food and ambiance will keep us coming back!
I live a mile from here and trust me when I say I've been here a lot. It used to be our go to place for a quick dinner when we didn't want to cook. It also used to be the place we'd go for group get togethers in the back room. The bartenders and servers were always awesome and friendly, even remembering our names and favorite beverages. The food was pretty good, too.   Now let's jump ahead to now. Over the last year new management has taken over. This was an Irish Pub and pretty authentic feeling, but the new owner has a family member who plays for the Seahawks (American) football team so it's quickly becoming an NFL sports bar.   Happy Hour used to be from 4-7 which is great for those who work 8-4 and 9-5. Now they changed it to 3-6, which means by the time we start thinking of going out for appetizers and drinks, everything is full price again. Used to have great half price appetizers, but you can forget that now!  My friend wanted a burger the other day and brought the 8year old with her. Was going to give the kid some of her burger, but the server said it was $2 to split a meal now. She's a little girl and barely eats anything, but the server was practically scared that her manager would find out. She said if her manager came out and discovered it, then he'd charge the lady for two meals. That's ridiculous!  As I said, we used to come here all the time but this last year the changes have been terrible. I will be going elsewhere in the future.
All kinds of new CRAFT BEER On Tap, great management, traditional pub food and great live music add up to a great time.  You feel as though you are really there in the UK!  Pretty Cool!
This place is my favorite pub in phoenix. The bartenders are amazing. The beer is always good and the variety is awesome. They know how to poor a Guinness and the food is also amazing. The oysters are a particular favorite. I usually go with large groups of friends and no one leaves disappointed.  Don't just go to a bar. Get drunk in a pub. Slainte!
Sliders were great and service matched.  The best thing was the dessert...WOW!
Great atmosphere. Wood paneling all around and enough TVs for watching Manchester City while having a pint and a full Irish breakfast!
The food alone it's worth the trip !
Great pub. Food here is wonderful. A tad pricey, but that's fine. However, a few months ago there was a new manager that came to town and this place really hasn't been the same since.
Not sure why but my coworkers love this place and we end up doing happy hours here a lot. Place can get pretty packed on a Friday night. I remember a bunch of years back they had boxtys on the menu but that is no longer something you can get here. Bummer! I usually end up getting the Shepherd's Pie and they give you a lot of bang for your buck so I walk out of here quite stuffed. Shepherd's Pie is pretty good - sometimes a bit on the salty side - sorta unpredictable. The Irish brown bread that comes with it is awesome though. Who knew that a few slices of bread with butter on it can bring such joy?? Beer selection is pretty decent - changes from week to week. Fridays usually there's a band playing. Keltic Cowboys are good. One night was trivia night. Another night was ska night which was cool until a brawl broke out. I think that might have soured some of us on this place because we haven't been back since. But I'm sure I'll be back someday. Closest Irish pub to where I live. Lotsa parking as it's in a mall.
Originating from Upstate New York, our fish frys were more of a gathering for friends and family to get together after a long week at work or school. For many years,  I had been on a quest to find a good fish fry out in the desert. I have tried everywhere, from dive bars to swanky joints, the only place that came close to being good fish is, a valley favorite, Pete's Fish and Chips. Well my search is over! Let me tell you, hands down, THE BEST FISH FRY in Arizona. It's also all you can eat on Fridays and you have to get the garlic fries, they are served with a garlic aioli dip and it is amazing! They always have a new beer to try and great happy hour specials. They have live bands as well, but we've never been able to stay. The service is awesome too!  It is always a treat to spend a Friday evening at Fibber Magees!
3.5-4 stars  Pretty packed bar on a Saturday. We went when they were doing beer from all over. It was nice to be able to try different kinds of beer (~$6). The crowd was a mix between older people and 20-30 year olds. The bartenders were for the most part, nice. Overall had a good time at this bar and will be back again.
Fibber's has always been a decent go-to Irish pub.  Good service, good beer and liquor selection and a decent menu.  The Happy Hour specials are pretty solid as well.  I've noticed over the past year or so that while they've continued to provide a good selection of beers and booze, they food side of things has declined a bit.  A good example would be the "Reuben Bar".  I think it's cool you can pick your bread, (Marble Rye, Multigrain or sourdough), meat (Pastrami, corned beef or turkey), then your choice of slaw or kraut as a garnish. Over the last two weeks, they've been out of various bread options and when the sandwich arrives, it's skinny...my last one probably had two, maybe three slices of pastrami on it, but pretty darn thin, with a sprinkling of kraut.  Tasted good, but for $10 I guess I expect a heartier sandwich.  You can order extra meet for $2, but that would probably get it just about to the point of the normal amount of meat I would expect on a sandwich at that cost.  Not sure why the side salad in place of fries is a $1 more, given the cost of lettuce. For a $1 more I could have ordered the meatloaf dinner that comes with fresh green beans and mashed potatoes. Seems like a much better value.  Service is pretty good overall and I'm sure the servers probably aren't too thrilled with the trivia night crowd on Tuesdays as they don't seem to buy a lot of beer or booze.  Will I continue to go for trivia night on Tuesdays? Yes.  Given the choice of Fibbers, Casey's or Rula, Fibbers would not be my first choice.
I haven't updated my review in almost 2 years?  Well, that's crazy.  My husband and I still drive around this neighborhood looking for places to live that are between Fibbers and Cornish Pasty.  What a perfect world that could be!    Well, I'm glad I leave a little pile of receipts next to the computer so I'm reminded to write reviews.  This one is easy.    Go get the meatloaf sandwich and some Jameson.  They will change your life.
I cae for a beer which they have a great selection. The beer selection gets five stars...  After seeing all this food go by I got hungry and ordered fish and chips. It was'nt the best but it was far from average. There was a huge piece of cod under the breading. I thought the breading was a little to much.  Would I go back! I might and try the sliders or something else.
great neighborhood pub. decent beer selection and food. good happy hour specials & daily food/drink specials. highly recommend the tempura green beans, fish sliders, and flat breads.  They do a good job bringing in live music and having activities/events throughout the week.   Local Dines/Groupon Users - they won't let you use your coupon if you have ANY discounted items on your bill, regardless of how much you've spent on  regularly priced items. This includes happy hour or daily food/drink specials.  They're pretty strict about this.   We ran up a $100+ tab on regular priced food & drinks, but had 1 happy hour beer on our bill. The manager wouldn't apply our coupon unless we paid full price for the beer.  Wasn't a big deal, but we've never had this issue w/ other restaurants, so just a heads up.
Grade: B  Irish food, good? Who knew? Decent prices and great service. Give this place a try.
I love this place!! The food is always fantastic. The clam chowder is the best. I don't think I've ever had anything disappointing at this place. The service is fantastic. Who would have guessed that Bangers and Mash could be so good. I would recommend the Monaghan Meatloaf. It is full of rosemary and devine. The Kinvara Salmon is also a very wonderful dish. We go as often as we can.
Unfortunately this review is going to be the first of many where I have discovered that listening to "Yelpers" is sometimes not the best way to find a restaurant in a strange city. I don't know if people on Yelp have lost their discerning palates or if I have become just really picky, but this restaurant / bar is a perfect example of so much going wrong. First, I didn't realize that this was a chain. The same one exists in Deerfield Commons in Mason, Ohio. Where did I go wrong? I read a review of fish and chips and I ordered them. OMG! The fish was so slimy, the batter just slid right off. That didn't help the situation, as the fish was not truly white, more of a grey colored substitute. The chips were not crispy, just fried in a lot of oil. I am sure there are other places in Madison to go for a beer and something to eat. I would advise finding them. This is not a destination one shoul choose.
My family and I met up here for dinner, and it was a great experience. Our server, Becca, was very friendly and helpful. The appetizers were out quickly, and out entrees were all delicious. We had five different sandwiches, and we were all pleased with what we ordered. Some of the dishes on the menu were quite pricey, but the sandwich w/ chips plates were less expensive and great deals.
I don't usually find myself regularly going to "mall restaurants" because Madison has more local places than I have time to visit and I usually figure I can try a chain restaurant anywhere.  That being said Claddagh has become a bit of a favorite family tradition for my father, grandmother and I.  The Greenway Station area falls about halfway between my father's shop in Paoli and my work.  We started meeting up for late lunches on Fridays and dinners on other nights, and I've always been impressed with the food.  I wasn't quite sure of the place before my first time there but over the last few years I've grown to really enjoy the atmosphere.  My father, despite never being able to pronounce the name, considers it one of his favorites in Middleton.  My 92-year old grandmother tagged along with him once and ordered the corned beef and cabbage, which is the largest single serving meal I have ever seen.  She's come along a few more times since because of it.  My grandmother absolutely loves corned beef and cabbage and she can tuck in pretty well on it.  Then she takes the rest home and has dinner for the next three days.  I personally like the fish and chips.  I don't eat much fried fish (never been one for the vaunted WI Friday Fish Fry) but I do enjoy the way Claddagh uses a large cod filet and doesn't make the fish too greasy.  The "chips" are pretty delicious thick pub fries and I actually really like them with the tartar sauce that comes with the fish.  I also learned that I like malt vinegar.  I wash it all down with an Imperial pint of Smithwick's or two.  The sandwiches that I've tried have all been quite good.  The version of the Rueben comes with coleslaw instead of kraut but this actually comes off really well.  The meatloaf sandwich is perfect comfort food in the winter.  Unfortunately my favorite sandwich was taken off the menu about a year or so ago but despite that there's plenty of options to go with.  My father and I have gotten the lunch specials of the shepherd's pie and the beef stew, which was perfectly sized, filling but not coma-inducing.  Of course I have no idea how "authentic" this all might be since this was the first Irish-themed restaurant I've been to.  I would compare it favorably to the food at Brocach downtown or Erin's on the east side.    For a chain restaurant in a new shopping center on the outskirts of Middleton I would rate Claddagh a solid 3.5 to 4 stars.  My expectations have always been met or exceeded and the staff have always been friendly.  The names are all pretty hokey - Brian Boru steak salad! - but that's kind of part of the charm.  I've got friends that get a bit worn out by the Irish music in the background but I've always kind of enjoyed it.  There are bands every so often at the restaurant and bar service goes pretty late.  There is an outdoor patio that is OK during the warm months, though it does just look out on the parking lot expanses of Greenway Station.  I've stopped in a time or two for drinks and the bartenders have always been exemplary (much like Brocach), but the main reason I keep coming back is for dining and the friendly convenience.  It's a bit of fake mall culture to an extent, but it's well done fake mall culture.
How anybody has ever given this place a 5 is beyond me!  Dirty silverware, HORRIBLE drinks (my "Irish coffee"  tasted of water and ... perhaps a hint of old coffee, not to mention cold) and inedible food.  Can't really say much for the service, my waiter was obviously new and one can't blame him for that.
This seems to be the trend at Claddagh. I  enjoyed  this Pub in the past, but service and quality has gone downhill. This is from my 29 y/o daughter:  Claddagh kind of sucks and here's why... (in order of appearance) 1. Refused to serve me even though I had ID... a lot of kids use fake IDs when out to lunch with their mother, right? 2. Served me rotten salad greens 3. Manager came over to argue rottenness of salad greens... um, no honey. I eat lots of salad. They don't "always look like that" unless they've gone bad. Booooooooooo. Boo!
Joined a few of my colleagues for lunch, and they wanted to try Claddagh's. A quick check with Yelp had me nervous, but I'm happy to say that the experience was quite positive.  We sat inside; a bit noisy - music was unnecessarily loud given the light crowd. Waiter quickly brought our drinks and took our orders.  Food arrived within minutes. I had the grilled salmon salad, which featured a large piece of nicely finished salmon on a bed of spinach. I skipped the dressing, but was pleased to find some fresh blackberries, strawberries, and wonderfully sweet blueberries under the fish.   Colleauges ordered a wrap, which looked good and got a "solid 3.5 stars" from the person eating it. Fish and chips got a solid "3 stars"- a touch greasy was the report, but in all fairness it was paired with a boatload of fries, so that may have overwhelmed things.  Drinks were refilled promptly, and we were out the door in just over 35 minutes. The menu was a tad pricey; my salad was $14.99... Sodas were $2.35 each.
Typical generic Irish Pub and in the middle of a psuedo suburban downtown/city center development.  It is right next to a cheeseburger in paradise so it can only be as good as expected.    They have the typical fare: fish and chips, shepards pie, bangers and also with plenty of Guinness on tap.  I had a few black and tans and the rest of my work group had a great time :)  The staff was awesome and the only thing I'd of wish we had was some tvs in our private room - hard to watch the Tigers game when you have to squint 30 yds to the bar tv.  Good for groups if ever entertaining corporate types in Middleton WI.  Oh and FYI - NO SPOTTED COW!!!!
This place is horrible. The manager, "Emily", is one of the rudest people I have ever come across. I specifically will not be returning because of her.
I've been here once before, and though I remember it being overpriced, it was pretty good with okay service - a typical chain/usually near a mall restaurant. Today, however, was pretty awful.  A group of six of us found ourselves at Claddagh for a trivia championship game. Service was TERRIBLE. Our waitress would take one or two people's orders at the table, then just walk away. She forgot several drinks, and seemed skeptical when one of the people at our table said he never got his. She also made no effort to go above and beyond. My friend ordered hummus & pita, but she failed to mention that if he ordered a margarita, he'd get the hummus free. Not a big deal, but the marg is a bigger sale, so it's more beneficial for her to do so.   The consensus on their burgers seemed to be "meh," and the hummus and pita was gross. They fry their pita triangles, and they were soaked in grease and left the taste of stale fried nastiness in your mouth. I made it through half a pita chip before I wanted to vom.   Also, as mentioned, they're on the pricey side. With all the restaurants in Madison, you can get much more for you money elsewhere.
The fish and chips taste pretty good.  But the service is the pits and I don't think they turn on the heat in there. It's always freezing. Save your money and skip this place.
So, I just read some of the other reviews and YIKES!  I mean, I know we Madisonians LOVE all things local but since when did "chain restaurant" automatically come to equal "terrible, horrible crap"? Being from Madison, I'm a huge supporter of local restaurants but why look down on a small company just because they're growing? I did a little research and Claddagh only has 15 pubs & they're all in the Midwest. And unlike most "Irish" pubs in the states, they're are actually owned and operated by Irish people.    As for the food, it's great.  They have hands down THE BEST Fish & Chips in town and their burgers are great!  They also have some fusion dishes on the menu that are pretty tasty.  I tried a bit of the Chicken Curry dish my sister got last time we were there and loving Indian food, I was a little skeptical of an Irish curry but it was delicious.  I got the BBQ Chicken Burger which was awesome.  I'd say that more than anything though, the best thing about Claddagh is their Happy Hour!  My Bud Light was $1 if that tells you anything.  And they DO have Spotted Cow so I'm not sure if the keg was just tapped when "Aaron B." went but they had it when we were there:)  Oh, and their patio is dog-friendly which is nice too.
They no longer have the Monahan Meatloaf. The new version is good, but not the same. The clam chowder recipe is also diferent, and not as good. The shepards pie is awful. It is just potatoes and a lot of ground beef. It has little flavor. I like a shepards pie with some root veggies showing, and some taste. If you just like a lot of ground beef and mashed potatoes, this is the dish for you. I would never order it again. I think the place has gone down hill. Too bad they had to ruin their menu. It is also over priced.
We went to the bar for a drink and appetizer.  Service was good enough and the food was acceptable, but the waitress admitted that the bartender was screwing up drinks because he was more concerned about the NBA game then working.  I think this place has potential if you weeded the dead weight.
Good food bad service.
This place gets a solid 3 stars.  Walkable from our hotel and wanting something with a more local hangout type of vibe, the hotel front desk recommended this place.  Our group shared food, and the fish & chips was definitely the strongest dish.  I'm already in trouble with my cholesterol, however, so I had the balsamic chicken but it was just average.  Some people had the same comment about their shepherd's pie and left nearly half of it uneaten.  I guess the takeaway is go with the house specialties and don't deviate too far from them.  I mean, asking an Irish place to make balsamic chicken is like asking me (Chinese) to make you an authentic carne asada burrito.  That's a Yelp no-no.  Travis took excellent care of us, though.  He checked on us frequently, refilled drinks, cleared the empty soup bowls and salad plates promptly, and was very understanding about our need for separate checks.  Lesson learned: next time, corned beef & cabbage!  We'll be back for 1 more trip.
I typically make my dining decisions based on Yelp, and the low number of stars almost scared me away, but we had a coupon from the Bucky Book, so we decided to try this place.  Honestly, this place is underrated on Yelp.  Some of the reviews are pretty old, so maybe the restaurant stepped up their game?  The atmosphere/decor is really cool.  The service was fine.  They had a huge projector screen and TVs everywhere, so we could watch the game.  I went with a group of five, and everyone enjoyed their food.  The specialty cocktails were also very good.  Our group said they would give Claddagh 5 stars; however, my husband and I are kind of food snobs, and we both agreed that is was more of a 3.75, so I opted for 4 stars.
Go here to watch Man City games. Place has always had good service, at least the bar does. I've never actually been there to sit down for dinner. Decent number of good European beers on tap (Stella, Newcastle, Bass, etc.). I don't know why some of those other reviews were so harsh. This place does brisk business, so it can't be that bad. I enjoy myself when I'm here and plan on going back again.
ugh.   i joined some friends here for a trivia contest on a saturday. it's an "irish" pub. i hate "irish" pubs... they always attract the worst kind of people, and they're always decorated like some sort of adult, alcoholic epcot center with bad faux painting to make everything look old. claddagh definitely fits that description.  the place was packed, but even so, the service we received was DISMAL. bad, bad, bad. it took 30 minutes for our waitress to bring my beer. when i flagged her down to ask for a menu, it then took another 30 minutes for her to take our order. and then another hour for our food to arrive. there is no excuse for this kind of sub-par service.   my clam chowder was bland. the burger i got, the jameson-something-or-other, was completely slathered in jameson sauce (whatever the hell that is) and some sort of gooey cheese that resembled the nacho cheese you get at a movie theater. too. much. sauce. the burger itself had a weird meat loaf consistency. on top of being not great food, it was pricy.  i will never come back here.
I was in charge of an event for 50 people at the Marriott West and we went to Claddagh's for one of our evening dinners. They did an excellent job with our large group - both with the pre-planning and the night of the event. They called to confirm everything beforehand. When we arrived they made sure the general manager, Michael, came over to greet me and make sure we had everything we needed. The servers, Tara and Veronica, were excellent. They were efficient, friendly, and handled the dynamics of a large group really well.   We gave our group 3 choices for dinner: 1) Mac & cheese 2) balsamic chicken and 3) fish & chips. General consensus from the group was that the balsamic chicken was excellent, the fish & chips was good, and the mac & cheese was good but very rich (a lot of cheese and bread crumb topping) We were there for their happy hour power hour and couldn't believe that some of the beers were only $1!!  We were there for a trivia night and the group had a great time. Overall, the service was excellent, the food was good, the atmosphere was fun, there was a good selection of inexpensive drinks, and I would definitely go back for a large group event. And as a result, I would also go back on my own just to try something different than the food option I had.
Can be loud and crowded at night, but I love to visit on weekend afternoons or mornings and have the full Irish breakfast. The fireside tables are great on cold days. They serve up some of the best bloody Mary's in town. Add a Draft Harp chaser and a shot of Jameson's and you have the best brunch this side of heaven. Lots of  draft beer options. Don't miss this place.
My friends brought me here on St. Patrick's Day. We had a really good time. The staff and customers were definitely in the spirit of their holiday!  We started off with a humungous Irish beer (I suppose it would be helpful if I remembered the brand name of the delicious beer but I don't recall) and for lunch I was tempted to try the highly recommended Fish and Chips--they looked good--but I did not. I tried:   chicken spinach melt--chicken breast with spinach & artichoke dip on toasted sourdough; served with pub chips. 8.99  I REALLY liked this sandwich. It really hit the spot! It was a regular chicken breast sandwich with the spinach and artichoke dip you would get as an appetizer spread on the bread. I thought it was a really unique combination for a sandwich and it was really good. The pub chips are thick cut fries--my favorite.   I would highly recommend Claddagh Irish Pub and I would HIGHLY recommend the sandwich i ate....  Oh, there was an Irish rock band playing with a female vocalist that played the violin. The band was out of this world. I really enjoyed them!
I travel here from time to time and love this place. Bourbon?  Check. Darts? Check. Fish and Chip?  Absolutely.  Great bar atmosphere in a cool little shopping area. Ever in Madison stop by this place and get a beer. Tell them Glenn sent you and they won't know what the hell you are talking about. Ha. Enjoy!
went there on a tuesday night. outside seating and was promptly waited on. Waitress was pretty good and took care of our needs. food was pretty tasty. definitely a good place to go during the weekday
Your standard Irish Pub, this place will not disappoint.  It's got the ambiance and atmosphere of a good Old Irish Pub.  A decent bar menu and beer selection add to this place.    The location is a bit out of the way and the service can be wanting.  If you want a better Irish pub, hit the capital and head to the Brocach.
A few years ago, I loved Claddagh's. But about two years ago, things seemed to turn. The service turned extremely slow -- this is based on multiple visits (and neighbors saying the same thing). The last time I was there, my family and I were waiting at our table for minutes while servers were congregated around the bar talking to each other. The manager didn't seem to care. When service finally arrived during past visits, they didn't seem to know the menu that well and were not attentive during the visit.  As for the food -- not very good. Some of the meals seem like frozen entres reheated - dry and flavorless. The meat (I had both prime rib and lamb) might be OK if you were at a low cost bbq picnic.  My wife found dirty plates and had to wait forever to get a cup of coffee at the morning brunch.  I think others must concur as the place seemed pretty empty during the times I was there.  Like I said -- really good a few years ago, not very good now, and definitely not worth the price. If you're looking for an Irish pub atmosphere, go to Brocach's -- the service and food are both very good  (note: I'm just a customer and don't have any ties to Brocach's).
Beer was good, decor was typical Irishy-pubby. Food was alright. How was you mess up a pour of Guinness?
I am visiting Wisconsin and this restaurant is close to the hotel. I love a good Irish pub so walked over. I got the corned beef and cabbage. (pictured). Thin slices of corned beef and chopped cabbage and under done potatoes. Very disappointing. I ordered desert. Also disappointing. Not terrible but so much less than it could have been. Even the service was mediocre. Probably a great place for beer.
I always enjoy The Claddagh when I visit. I was there today and the lunch was a decent portion at a good price. The service was also friendly and fast. It is not the sort of place I go out of my way to go to anymore. I use to go very often but we had bad service one time too many. Today was a good surprise. It may be time to give them another shot.
They had what sounded like a good special for Valentine Day turned out to be a joke.  Food was of poor quality, and way over priced.  Food in the past was good here.  The place was always busy.  Recent visits not so.  Disappointing.  Cool place for at least drinks, now I dont even consider it as an option.
The Wife and I went to Claddagh with friends on a Saturday night in mid-December 2012, and were sorely disappointed with the experience. We did not have any food, so this review is based solely on our experience while having a few drinks at the place.  Once we were seated, the server came over to take our drink orders. Curious, I asked how the hot apple cider ("spiced rum & hot apple cider served with a cinnamon stick") was, and our server told me that she didn't know because she doesn't drink and doesn't know anything about alcohol. OK, fine, it's totally fair to not drink (I didn't for a long time), but shouldn't the answer automatically be, "It's great," when a customer asks how something you sell tastes?  Anyway, we proceeded to place our order, and she brought them out. Everything was fine, although The Wife's Claddagh Coffee Martini (vanilla vodka, baileys irish cream, kahlua, tia maria & coffee; garnished with coffee beans) was very sweet and, seriously, not very strong. We had our first round, and then it was time for round #2.  The server came back over to again take our order, and we had some questions. I asked, "Your menu says 'We like to mix things up[, so] ask your server for more draft & bottle selections & our rotating & seasonal taps! Ask your server for additional choices due to limited supply.' So, what additional beers do you have on draft?"  She replied with "I, um, I don't know. I don't drink, so I don't know. I think it's, like, the usual ... Coors, Miller ..." That annoyed me - the menu says to ask my server about additional drafts not listed on the menu, and my server doesn't know the answer to that really simple question.  Our friend then asked, "OK, well, what seasonal brews do you have." She gave the same answer, "I'm sorry, I don't know because I don't drink." At this point, I just gave up, and it has nothing to do with the fact that she doesn't drink. If you work as a server at a restaurant or bar, your job is to know the menu and the answers to customers' questions. If that means you need to know all the ingredients in a sandwich, you memorize 'em. If it means that, even as a nondrinker, you have to memorize the drinks menu, ESPECIALLY when you work at an Irish bar/restaurant that makes a majority of its money from alcohol sales. I mean, COME ON.  So, she lost out on what certainly would have been a higher-margin sale (I was interested in the Warsteiner seasonal, which is undoubtedly more expensive than the local New Belgium Fat Tire), and also indicated to me that the staff at Claddagh aren't well-trained.  Finally, for the 2nd round, The Wife ordered another Claddagh Coffee Martini, but directly asked the waitress to "Please make it stronger than the last one." When the martini came out, it was all wrong. First, it was brought out in a snifter (according to the waitress, they had run out of martini glasses. What bar runs out of martini glasses?!). Second, there was a head on the martini (yes, that's right, the martini was frothy). Third, this one was as weak, if not weaker, than the first martini. But hey, at least it was only $7.50 per martini ... If you're interested, I posted a picture of the frothy martini in a snifter in Claddagh's photos (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yIWXPPGbePgPup6gz6ttNA?select=nHT8ay6gENgMwnPrIT-dtA#YVXoiIB4ZeKsexBWtGQLwA).  Needless to say, I won't ever suggest going to Claddagh, and will try to convince friends to go elsewhere if they invite me there.
Monday Lunch Special: Buy one get one free Fish and Chips. Fish piece was the size of my arm. French fries were thick cut. Malt Vinegar placed at just the right time before I opened my mouth to request it. Wash it all down with a cider or a Guinness on tap. BOOM. Delish.
We were looking for a fish fry on a Friday night. This location was recommended however it was Cod. It was good. The Scottish eggs are way over priced.... 2 eggs for $9 is steep.  Service was good be the restaurant is pricey for my taste. This takes some of the joy out of you meal when the price versus value is exceeded. Service was good and quick however it was too professional for me. More act than personal. Mind you it was good service. We were looking for a more authentic local place typical Wisconsin fish fry.  We
Great service with a smile and genuine warmth, and good food too. I ordered a burger, and my wife ordered fish.  The burger came rare, per my request -- and because they make their own patties I was not worried about the health effects that rare ground beef comes with in many restaurants. Fresh bun, nice slice of tomato, so-so lettuce.  My wife was not so wild about her fish. It was a single *huge* piece that nade her comment "it looks like half of an entire fish". Maybe a bit of hyperbole on her part, but it was large. Bit too much breading, though.  Beer selection was good, and we were there on a Sunday when they have an all-day (and night) happy hour. I had Capital IPA (good!) and my wife had a porter.  One thing that this restaurant did not seem to focus on is traditional Irish food. It's on the menu; however based on what I was reading it didn't seem to be a focus. That's fine with me, because Irish food is too heavy for my taste (and besides, I have enough of it when I go to Ireland).  I visit here on average 1-2 times per year, which is how often I am in town from Seattle. In other words, it's kind of a go-to joint for me. No, it's not outstanding. But certainly serviceable when in need of food and a good beer. Which is fine by me.
Worst service of my life. The time between visits from our server was a minimum of 20 minutes every time.
I went there during restaurant week.. I got their brochette - it was amazing! I also got the Shepard's pie, which was also delicious... But I ordered a pecan pie for dessert... it was more of a chocolate pie! It was a cookie crust, with chocolate chips, and Hersey soup basically!! With maybe 3 pieces of chopped pecans! SOO DISAPPOINTING.
I tend to avoid chain restaurants in favor of more local places, but since moving to the far west side, this has been a bit more difficult. I now rationalize my occasional visits here by only going when there's a draw besides the food and drinks, and that makes it worthwhile. Just don't go on St. Patrick's day, unless a jam-packed anxiety-inducing fiasco is your kind of scene.  The ambiance is your standard Irish pub fare - dark wood, heavy tables and chairs, a fireplace of sorts, and random Celtic symbols and signs all over. There are TVs sprinkles throughout the restaurant, mostly concentrated in the bar area. They're often showing international soccer games, though they'll generally show any popular sport, so I've come here for the occasional NFL or NBA game. They don't have the sound on, but they do use closed-captioning (which, incidentally, makes Joe Buck's observations seem even stupider than usual, but I digress). The restaurant itself seems pretty clean, but that's a bit difficult to discern between all of the dark surfaces and dim lighting.  The staff is usually cheerful and happy to serve. On occasion, I've been in when the host(ess) is nowhere to be found, but that usually rectifies itself when a server notices me standing there waiting to be seated. They are fairly attentive and helpful, although I was a bit alarmed last week. A bat had gotten in through an open window (this would be one of many reasons why screens on windows are a very good idea in a restaurant), and it was obviously in distress, trying to get out. Bats happen to be my favorite animal, so I was happy when it was able to find its way out by itself and fly off, although not before our server went on a rant to us about how all bats carry rabies and she wanted a tennis racket to "finish it off." Yikes. Occasionally a company will be doing a promo event, so it's a little bracing when the reps come up to your table to bray a commercial for their product. On the other hand, I've gotten free beer samples and swag (like key chains), so there is an upside. They also have Team Trivia of WI every Thursday night, and the host is fantastic.  Most of the food is good, but not great. One standout dish, which is especially fantastic during a hot summer evening, is the duck salad. The duck isn't overcooked or greasy, though there isn't too much of it on the salad. The tomatoes, sun-dried cranberries, and oranges complement it well, adding a nice combination of sweet and tart flavors. I recommend the cran-raspberry vinaigrette for a dressing. The Galway and Fruits on the Green salads are also recommended for summer eating. The loaded pub chips are good for sharing, but not as good as the ones at the Brocach (although you can make them better by asking for BBQ sauce and ranch dressing instead of just ketchup). The fried pickles are pretty good, largely because the pickles are in chip form instead of spear form. That equals more crispy goodness and less "sweet Christ on a cracker, that's a torpedo of boiling pickle juice that just burnt my entire mouth." The spinach and artichoke dip is tasty but VERY heavy; I'd save it for cold, rainy fall evenings. Other go-to dishes of mine include the Shepherd's Pie and Chicken Curry. The French Onion Soup isn't bad, but it's quite salty. The Corned Beef & Cabbage is a fairly bland snooze-fest. If you want a burger, go Jameson Burger or go home. The beer selection isn't fantastic, but there's some local stuff on tap. One surprise I found on their generally-overpriced menu is a reasonably-priced flight of whiskeys that were fairly tasty.  Overall, this isn't a place I dream about, but it's worth the occasional visit with friends when you're looking to watch a game or play some trivia.
Great drinks and I always love their food.  It is awesome.  Service is bar none and always on point. The Clam Chowder is the best ever.  Go here and have a drink and a smile.
Good service, authentic appetizers and great beer selection. Definitely worth stopping in for at least a pint.
Finding a restaurant with a fantastic shepherd's pie?  Priceless.  It's hard to find a solid Irish place in the midwest.  This place fits the bill very nicely.  Yes, you can get Jameson and Guinness.  Plus fish and chips, and all things Irish.   The menu is pretty solid.    Claddagh is a great choice for an authentic Irish dinner and a good pint to wash it down with.
A must for St Patty's day, although I recommend not going for the straight corned beef and potatoes.  Good flavor for the corned beef but the cabbage nor the potatoes had seasoning nor butter.  Was just...ok.  I also went on St Patty's day during lunch.  I was served at the bar and it seemed as though I was always trying to capture one bartender's attention or another.  No one came to check on me unless I looked at them with longing eyes.  I know it was busy, in fact, THE busiest day for them (or one of them).  I will choose another day to try another menu item.
I love this place, but I don't seem to get there often enough.  I love me some corned beef, and they do it well!  When you see that cole slaw comes ON the sandwich, try it!  I was hesitant the first time and ordered it on the side (promising to try a few bites on the sandwich).  Oh wow!  I'd love to try other things on the menu, but I hate to deviate from a winner!  Great food, excellent beer, and super service.  Worth a stop once in a while.  I can't afford to eat at places like this all the time, but it's a helluva treat when I feel I deserve it! :)  While I don't do fish, my folks love their fish fry...
Had a couple wonderful experiences here. Tried the fish and chips, pretty good, but the steak was absolutely amazing! Service has been wonderful and the atmosphere is comfortable. I would come here with friends anytime.
Food was so so- I got their Jameson burger. It was a strange texture And I don't even know why they ask how you want the burgers cooked I got mine medium rate and it looked the same as everyone else's. Cool ambiance great draft selection, live music- all good things, but what really really turned me off was the service and the fact that you are not served on a plate. You get your food in a bucket and on a paddle. Maybe for some folks that's ok, not my style it was totally awkward to eat off of.
I  recently visited Claddagh Irish Pub in Middleton's Greenway Station for a happy hour-munchies thing after work with a pal. We had beer, shared an order of the corned beef and cabbage rolls, and split a "Paddy Mac" sandwich, which is essentially a Reuben. The food was quite good. I especially enjoyed the corned beef and cabbage rolls, which when I went, were similar to a fried wonton that had the fixings of St. Patrick's Day dinner inside. Sort of like an Irish egg roll. Yum. The Reuben was average, but the fries were pretty tasty as well. Service was unremarkable in either a good or a bad way. All said and done, I would usually rank that sort of experience as four stars. Normally, I would definitely return to a restaurant that showed me a good time and had good food.   Why then, you ask, is this a one star review? Let me explain.  I take major (MAJOR) issue with Claddagh's use of the words "gluten friendly" to describe certain menu items. (Menu items that are often served with bread.)  I presume this was done in an effort to appeal to the now-popular dietary trend of avoiding gluten. The problem with this, Claddagh, is that "gluten friendly" is not a thing. If someone can't eat gluten, then they can't eat gluten. Period. Full stop.   Claddagh's use of the term "gluten friendly"  to describe foods that still contain gluten, would be like if JIF Peanut Butter made a new type of peanut butter that was 50% peanuts and 50% almonds...and then tried to market the new product as "Peanut Allergy Friendly". Does that make sense?   Although I personally find  vague claims of "gluten intolerance" dubious, especially when the person has never had a problem eating gluten before, there are definitely people with a **medical diagnosis** of Celiac's disease who absolutely, under no circumstances, can consume gluten. I feel that Claddagh's attempt at marketing its menu to appeal to the "gluten-free" dietary trend could harm people who actually need to avoid gluten for important medical reasons. Even if it's not a life or death situation, people who wish to avoid gluten should be allowed to do so without having to jump through hoops and worry about being tricked by menus.   It's majorly unethical to twist words to imply that a thing is something that it's not. This is especially true when the item in question (food) has the potential to directly impact a person's health.   Claddagh: fix your menu. If you want to offer gluten-free options, then please do so. However, referring to a spinach-artichoke dip appetizer served with crostini or to a hamburger served on a wheat bun , or even to your fish fry, which is battered in flour as "gluten friendly", is unethical. People have a right to know what's in their food, and this feels like a deliberate attempt to mislead people in the name of making more money.
You cant go wrong with an Irish Pub within walking distance to home!! Beer and pub food = GOOD! The food was fair and service was timely - nothing too impressionable. It wasnt busy so we had good service before a movie - and if you arent looking for the typical greasy fried pub food - there are salads and wine too! Good'nuff for me!
I can't resist Fish and Chips when I go to an Irish restaurant. So this is what I measure good Irish food with. Very forgettable Fish and Chips at O'Donoghue's. It's a damn shame, really. It would have been nice to have more competitive Irish restaurants in my area. Rula Bula is still #1 in my books.
This place is awesome! If you're looking for a fun bar or a loud and friendly place to bring your kids, this is. The service and atmosphere were great and so was the food! We started with wings that were really tasty and had a mean kick, and I had the chicken sandwhich and fries. Hubby had the beef stew and it was really good, the meat was very tender like it'd been cooking all day but the veggies were still firm. Highly recommended!
Od's is right across the street from me, and it's the best Irish pub option in NoSco. I don't get over there regularly, but the crowds definitely vary depending on time of day. The lunch and dinnertime crowds are pretty subdued, but when they unveil the crappy cover bands around 10 p.m., the cougars come out of the woodwork and get their scary high-heeled dance skills warmed up. If nothing else, it's hilarious to watch.  The food and beverage selection is what you'd expect: Very similar to other Valley Irish spots Rula Bula and Skeptical Chymist. The Irish stew is damn tasty, but most of the crews there skip the food for the hokey atmosphere. You can't find many good bars north of the 101 in these parts, so it's worthwhile if you're in the neighborhood.
Seeing as how this was the closest bar to my dad's house when I was visiting, I inevitably ended up here on the first night in town.  There were only a handful of people there, but I just wanted a beer, and O'Donoghue's provided with the on-tap Blue Moon.  Service was fast and friendly.  My biggest complaint was it shutting down early, but I guess that's typical of this part of Scottsdale.
O'Donoghue's is quite a smooth, chill place.   $2 HH beers that even includes things like Blue Moon and Full Sail amber is a pretty smokin deal.    ...and all day HH on Saturday!  It seems that if you'd like to stalk or otherwise find and meet BrianS, this is your best bet!  After the recent attempts to recruit yelpers after the wine tasting soiree, a scant few of us shared great company and hilarious conversation at Brian's local version of Cheers.   But since it's irish, there was plenty of craic to go along with the beer and whiskey being served.  Funny I can get a better (cheaper) happy hour deal by driving from near Ghettrocenter to near Grayhawk!   8^ P
Have been here many, many times and always had a good time....overall I believe this is a 4 star Pub....the restaurant side I would give three stars to just because sometimes the food is great and sometimes it isn't.  Our last meal here though was quite good I enjoyed my lemon chicken, my husband loved his meat loaf and our friends enjoyed the glazed salmon and grilled flat iron steak.  The atmosphere here is very cozy, the staff are usually cheerful and friendly and the guinness is awesome! : )  It is also a great spot to watch the sun go down.
As an Irish lass, how can I not like this bar?  This is the type of place where everyone can feel welcome.  In the same night, I saw the young, not-so-young, singles, couples and even two adorable grandmas who came in for drinks after evening Mass!  These feisty ladies proudly told me they show up there on St. Patrick's day at 6am.  That is dedication.  Erin go bragh!!  Warning:  $2 Blue Moon on tap in the hands of the unsupervised can cause you to become BFFs with everyone around you, offer dating advice to strangers and completely lose track of time.  Just so you know.  :)  Time flies when you are having fun...
I like this place. They have great drinks specials and the servers are all very friendly. I go there often for happy hour. There is a really good band that plays Friday nights and the place is packed. It is a nice, fun place to go in N. Scottsdale.
I had never heard of this place until the other night when I stopped in with some people from work for a quick drink after work. It is a bit too far north to be a regular on my list of bar to frequent, but when I can I will make the effort.   Their weren't a ton of people in for happy hour, as it is more of a residential community. It did start to fill up a little more into the dinner hour. We sat at the bar, I had a Black Velvet (you have to drink Guinness in an Irish bar, no?) and they had some wine. Probably one of the better Black Velvets I have had, I cannot remember the name of the cider they have on tap, but it is good good!   Then we shared a quesadilla and homemade potato chips, both very good. The chips are sliced really thin and fried and dusted with a great seasoning. The quesadilla had some kind of "barbecued" pork inside, sweet and spicy, you must try this if you make it in.   Over all this place is pretty great, I just wish it is was closer to my end of town.
Good food and a typical interpretation of Irish. You have to remember that it's a pub setting. Good choice of beers and the service was good. I would have to agree with others opinions of the food. A Little inconsistent. My Ruben was more like a sandwich. My advice, grill the sandwich. The bread will work better for that and most people automatically assume you're going to prepare it that way. The potato chips are home made and although I really like them at 1st bite, a deeper dig into the pike discovered a lot of uncooked potato and I can't stand that AT ALL. My guess is that the PUB is not really concerned about food quality as much as packing in the Friday and Saturday night party crowd where they make a TON of income on the booze sales. I would have given it a 3, but the Yelp description of A OK just doesn't work for me. My grade would be "Just Another Restaurant Trying to Be A Pub"...
Love this place!  It's almost walkable from my house, but definitely my favorite place to go in my area.  I've been here 3 times now and have had great food every time.  Their steak fries are to die for!  Can't wait to go for St. Patty's Day!
I was pleased with my meal at O'Donoghue's Pub in Scottsdale. It's a very cool place to watch a game, grab a pint and eat a good meal. Obviously, it's an Irish themed pub, with Irish alcohol mirrors and pictures covering the walls.  I ordered the Meatloaf Napoleon, which came with green beans, mashed taters and a brown gravy. Mine was delicious, could have been a bigger portion, so I mowed it down quick style. I had a bite of my wife's Shepherd's Pie, and it was just aight. Very much an overwhelming flavor of Guinness or similar dark beer.   4-stars for my meal, minus .25 for my wife's bleh meal, minus .5 more for our rude, impatient and unfriendly waitress. 3.25 stars.
O'Donoghue's is ok.  It's the only Irish pub in like a 10 mile radius, so I think people are giving it more love than it deserves.    it's just average.   There's nothing really notable about the place... it does not suck though. Their tap is lacking and they have some lower end swill on it.  I hate swill.  May I suggest they get some Boddington's and a cask to make it more Irish.  At least they have Smithwicks's.  The place rocks live music on the weekends which includes a rowdy mob of dancing drunken upper class broads and dudes with really nice button up shirts and greased out hair mad doggin' every other dude in the bar.  It also has the staples of any Irish pub.  Such as the fall over drunk skinny dude that should have been cut off four drinks ago, the Old couple, and the infamous dude by himself that tries to hit on your girl when you go to take a leak, so they are keeping inline with the genre.  The food is pretty good.  I had a nice Corned Beef Reuben there that satisfied; however they claimed to serve "Irish chips", but I got run of the mill fires... I wasn't expecting much though, so C'est la vie.  This is the only watering hole type place in the area, so they have a corner on the market, which is why I don't think this place matches up to say the Skeptical Chymist, Rula Bula, or any of the Mcaffrey's joints.  If you are in the area and want a brew or a decent bar meal, go here, because the rest of the area is filled with over priced Bistro-esque type spots.
Friday night band, EastonAshe, is BAD ASS. :)  Beer was good... they had Full Sail for $2! Woohoo!    Nice decor and not super duper packed.
Good times with friends here on Friday night. I enjoyed the live music, and the dark pub-like atmosphere. The patio was large but broiling hot (get some misters guys). The bar itself is really nice and they have a huge selection of booze. Skilled bartenders and friendly service made for a terrible hangover.
Great place I enjoy the food and conversation.  I like the huge bar.  Lot of TV so it makes it a great place to watch some sports.  Personable waitstaff and bartenders.
I wish it were possible for everyone to experience the hell that is most American themed restaurants in the UK to get an idea of the hell that is   most Irish bar experiences here.    We were in the area,  far away from the usual cider tap and couldn't wait the extra 15 minutes to get to somewhere we like. (silly) I started with a  potato and leek soup with a pretty uneven consistency when blended,a touch above bland but it's my fault I should have checked to see if it was cream based/ blended over containing visible leeks / potatoes in a veg stock as usually the leek flavor tends to get lost but it was edible and set  expectations for the entre. Out of a very limited number of dishes that you could shoe-horn into being a friend of a friend  of Irish food I chose  Irish Stew with Guinness.  It  was pretty generous but for stewed meat it wasn't that tender and hard to discern the presence of the featured ingredient.  Only one cider available, Magners , look at sign, look at  decor which for a moment had confused me into thinking it was an Irish pub. - *    Service was good,2.5 rounded down  to 1 because it's pricey for the what you get and not that well executed at that.   Maybe Yelp should have aggregate marks for bar/ restaurants and then a combined total  because it's  possible to be a good one of the former while lagging in the latter.
I will definitely be visiting this place again very, very soon. Maybe even today! Haha.   My sister and I wanted a quick lunch somewhere close and really glad we picked this place. We sat inside next to the fully open doors to the patio- which I loved since there was a nice breeze.   My sis ordered the fish tacos for an app- I took a bite, they were okay, nothing special. The slaw on the side seemed a bit off. I started with the Potato and Leek soup... and it was sooo yummy! I am already craving it again! Next I ordered the Reuben. Wow, another smart choice! The bread was toasted perfectly, the meat was tasty and the perfect temp and the cheese was melted just to the right point. My sis ordered the fish and chips. The fish was great, very moist and lots of it! Plus, it wasn't over fried or greasy which is always what I look for first. The chips aka fries were good, but tasted a bit bland.  The service was also good... friendly and attentive! All in all a great place to eat and also watch sports considering all the tv's!
Garbage selection of beers, almost entirely macro-swill.  Can't help but wonder if they're considering the omission of Guinness to add one more Bud/Miller/Coors product.  This place just doesn't seem like any of the more authentic Irish themed places other than the atmosphere perhaps.  They also don't bother with the relatively STANDARD Guinness imperial pint glasses either.  Lame.
Food is good and the atmosphere is wonderful  I have been 3 times 1 lunch and 2 dinners and was very pleased with the food and the service was great.  Loved the entertainment  (the New Westners) hope to see more of them in the future,
We had a Groupon but went with low expectations having read the reviews here.  Having said that, we were pleasantly surprised!  We went for lunch.  We got some complimentary homemade chips to start - they were delicious and great for munching.  I had the Scottsdale salad, which was spinach, walnuts, apples, goats cheese, fried onions and vinaigrette (not your usual pub fare), but it was a great salad and i would definitely get it again.  My partner had the fish and chips (fries) and said they were the best of the pubs we had been too (2 other British pubs in town).  We lived in Britain before moving here so we know our fish and chips !.  The food was good and we would return, the service  was a little slow, but not bad enough for us not to return, even it if it a little out of the way for us.
Great local pub. Good Beer selection on Tap. A friend of mine recommended the Jameson flight which was great to try on a hot weekend night.   Friday night bands are always fun & fill the bar.
Food was pretty average.  The fresh chick is basically a chicken breast sandwich with a side of fries.  Lots of TVs here and the live band was good.
Came in to watch the game after we moved and didn't have the dish hooked up yet!  Lot's of ASU fans, which is always a plus!  The patio area is great and it's open to the rest of the bar.  The only problem with this is when someone is smoking it comes right into the main dinning area.  Yuck.  The beer selection is good though and the kettle chips were awesome, could've ordered seconds.
We went to hear a band that we know who was playing, and to enjoy the 1/2 way to St. Pattys day party. I will say that we are local bar kinda people so this place was a bit out of our norm to begin with.   I was not pleased. When we arrived, we ask for a seat near the music and were seated in a weird spot where we could hardly even hear the music. When ask we were told all the other seats were resevered. We later found out that the next band was hosting a charity event for a kid with stage 2 cancer. Had I know that.... I would have donated to the cause and stayed a bit longer to help raise more money. Anyway, only saw the wait staff once ordered drinks... never got a water, or ask if we wanted one for that matter. The band took a short break and the bar turned on their music, after the band played 3 songs I went and ask the hostess to turn the music off....Just not the kind of night I was expecting.  Why  the three stars? I said something to the manager before we left and he tried offering us drinks to come back. He totally did not need to do that but he was trying.... We will go back and give then another chance... but it was just an odd night.
Even other Tuesday evening our men's group meets here, and I have yet to be disappointed.  The happy hour deals (like the sliders and fries or the nachos) and pretty darn good for the money -- just be sure to get there before 7pm!  As like any good Irish Pub, they serve a good pint in clean glasses (not always the case at other establishments) -- this place makes my Tuesday, ever other Tuesday.  If you're looking for a good neighborhood Irish pub, this is your place.
A very classy Irish bar. Plenty of TVs and one projector screen for watching games. Good selection of about 15 European beers. Very quality bar food, I've had about half the menu and haven't been disappointed yet, but it's not going to blow you away by any stretch. The waitress staff is spotty with service, they seem to go in the back to the cooking area and stay awhile for no apparent reason. I would stick to sitting at the bar if possible. They have bands here on Thursday and Saturday and if you don't mind how loud they are, then it can be fun.
This is a solid sports bar with a lot of TV's, outdoor seating with TV's, and a good food menu. I love that they have a sign counting down to the next St.Patrick's day, and they do events like trivia night and live music. The food is good and comes in large portions, though I will warn vegetarians that seemingly harmless food (mac & cheese and the cheesy tater tots) somehow comes with meat even though the menu doesn't say anything about it (extreme disappointment if you assume it doesn't, order it, and then can't eat anything). The salads are good (hard to come by at a bar).
I like Irish people. Sober Irish people that is. Drunk Irish people, not so much, unless they're in O'Donoghue's on a weekend night, trashed, and dancing to some 'Flogging Molly' type live band. It's a hoot. Like watching gypsies performing some kind of ritual before killing a goat or something. Try it, you won't be disappointed.   Only don't make the mistake I did.  Try not to use phrases like 'Magically delicious' when addressing them.  They don't like it when you imitate that little leprechaun guy from the Frosted Lucky Charms commercial.  As good at dancing as they are, you'll find out in a hurry they're even better at fighting.
Anytime I've been here, shenanigans have been afoot.   There's friendly drunks, dancing cougars (have you noticed middle aged white people all have the same shimmy dance moves?), live music, and friendly servers. I like this bar.
Just went to meet a friend, didnt try the food but will be back soon!
Had dinner here on a fairly quiet mid-week evening. The restaurant wasn't busy and service was prompt. Food wound up being pretty average, but the restaurant is a neat space. Irish vibe/decor all around, but two exterior walls can be rolled up to open up the restaurant to the outdoors - I can see this being a fun place on summer nights.... will try again to see if my instincts are correct.
This place is exactly what you want it to be. Decent, reasonably priced drinks and food, live music, TV's for the sports fans and a patio for the nice AZ weather. The place can get crowded on weekend nights but it always has a pleasant buzz to it. The bands have always been at least decent and so has the food.   Really, there is nothing to dislike about the place. The food is good - even great sometimes - especially with Irish fare like the Reuben. The staff has always been speedy and pleasant. And they get an extra star for serving breakfast which you can have a with Bloody Mary or blue moon if the mood fits you.
Stopped by the other night for dinner with 4 friends, place was hopping. Couple of young hostess's at door, after a brief pause walked us to a table, server was right on their heels.  Great selection of beers on tap- cheap!! We had two guiness, a harp and a magners cider- it is an Irish Pub.  The guiness was awesome, best I tasted in phoenix! We ordered fish & chips, roast chicken, burger and a Cobb salad. All the food came out quick, hot and tasty. Server was right on it, second & third rounds came quick. I love efficient staff and so should the owners, we had three rounds because she was on it, lots of places the staff get lost during the meals and the owners lose out on sales.  3 rounds, 4 entrees, $98 before tip, that's great value in North Scottsdale. No attitude -priceless  I'll be back! Thanks O'Donoghues
Ooh don't come here for the fish and chips unless you like a vat a grease with them. I could practically squeeze it out of the limp fries and the fish was soaked as well. My mouth was coated in the rancid taste. Our waitress could barely expend any effort or enthusiasm. Needless to say, this is on our do not return list.
We enjoyed the Friday Fish Fry in the past.  Just called--number is disco'd.  I heard they went out of business.
Menu and management have changed so many times, it's hard to keep up. Food has been awful, good, and back to disgusting currently. Not sure why the new manager changed the menu and mage it worse! They get great bands but a lousy set up for live music, so caustics is always off and it's impossible to hear anyone talk unless you scream. Staff is okay. It has not been the same since Amy left. They crown can be seedy.
You're enchanting.  Someone with a certain je ne sais quoi...call it aplomb.    Your friends know you as the life of the party. The 'crazy' one. The one who takes all the risks and always comes out the better for it.   Well if this is you. And you've yet to succumb to death in any number of odd ways.  If you're the type who can ingest a couple hits of LSD, drink a bottle of Johnny Walker Black, and drawing on your Catholic school years, recite the Catholic mass in it's entirety at a Mexican beach resort. Have I got the perfect place for you.   O'Donogue's Pub.  Here is where you can 'put on the dog' as all of elite Scottsdale looks on.   Start with a shot of MIdleton's Irish whiskey. It's cost around fifteen bucks a shot but worth every penny.   This is no ordinary whiskey folks. This tastes like the glistening sweat from a nubile  young...[record scratch]  sorry, the Midleton's.  It's much too expensive to get cronked on, you'll need to alternate with Irish Car Bombs and Guinness 'pints'.  One problem.  The pints take f.o.r.e.v.e.r to pour, since O'Donoghue's insist's on using all of the 119.5 seconds its maker recommends while pouring. For this reason, you'll need the bombs and shots to fill in.  If you've never tried this, I highly recommend this triumvirate of drinks.  Quite simply, their majesty is untouched by lesser drinking combinations, paring much the same way as does a fine Bordeaux with a Filet au Poivre and a side of bernaise.  Trust me on this one.   To wit, when properly consumed, and in the order recommended, the car bomb, Guinness and Middleton make for a deliciously fun afternoon. Laughs. Practical jokes. Darts that never seem to find their target.  And those Scottdale elites, looking on in horror and disbelief that anyone could get this drunk on a Tuesday night.  Suffice to say, you'll have so much fun, when you leave and one of your friends insults your truck's towing capacity by suggesting it isn't mildly capable of dragging someone's open windowed Camry from the Fry's parking lot over to the Starbucks drive-thru, where you'll leave it for dead, you'll take that wager!  After all, you're that special someone.  The one with all the je ne sais quois....assholiness in this case.  Note: To the owner of the late model red Camry in the Fry's parking lot...I hope we didn't fuck-up your car too badly. FYI, we did use a nylon tow strap wrapped around your rear axle, so there shouldn't be any damage to speak of.  If there is, it was my buddy Dave's idea. (and bet)  I didn't actually do any of the rigging....I just drove.  And, laughed. A lot. Anyways...sorry.
Made it over there on Thursday after work for the Grand Opening.  I must say I was impressed with the atmosphere of the place.  Clean and modern but without the overpowering attempt at being trendy that plagues most Scottsdale locales.  Just a nice relaxed bar that happens to have some of my favorite beers on tap.  That fact that these favorites of mine were being given away for free much of the night of the opening was a definite plus.   Unfortunately I did not get the opportunity to try any of their food as they weren't serving anything from their menu for the opening.     Although I live a few blocks south of the Ranch I definitely see myself and friends returning to this place.  I hope it catches on and achieves its goal of becoming a great neighborhood haunt for us Nordale folks.
** Update 4/12/08**  The reason I moved my star rating down to 2 is because the food is ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!!! And I left it at a 2 rating because the bar is actually nice for cocktails ONLY!  I took my friends there for some beers and food and thought it would be fun because they are in town from England....Since when are fish and chips that are supposed to be "beer battered" cooked with Italian bread crumbs?????  The chips where regular french fries!, not wedges.  The macaroni and cheese was also terrible!  The patio is dog friendly, so if I go back, I absolutely will never order food there!    Attention folks that live in  McDowell Mountain Ranch and DC Ranch...  We finally have a sports pub!!! Temple Bar Sports Grill opened on Friday January 18.  I only had a chance to grab a quick cocktail...but the Temple Bar Sports Grill looks like and has the feel of my new favorite neighborhood pub!  Huge Patio with a soon to be installed fire pit....  Here is what they had to say about themselves, and I must agree! (I have not tried the food yet):  "What do you want to do tonight?" That question has finally been answered with the opening of Temple Bar Sports Grill - the newest neighborhood sports lounge in North Scottsdale that has an upscale atmosphere with a laid-back attitude.  We have delicious food, friendly staff, a full bar with 12 beers on tap, 23 HDTV's, and late-night music and dancing on weekends - all with a little Irish flair.  Whether the question is "Where do you want to eat for lunch?", "What's for dinner?", "Where should we meet for drinks?", or "Where should we watch the game?" - Temple Bar is the answer. Come hang out with us for lunch, dinner, or happy hour, meet friends and make new ones, or watch the big game on one of our TVs.
I must say Temple bar is on my list of regular hang outs in North Scottsdale.  I have seen Temple Bar open and persistently work to improve the tough process of opening a new Restaurant.   I would agree with some of the reviews to an extent.  Temple Bar has gone through a redefining process over the first couple of months of operations.  I know for a fact that they have the right person running the kitchen after going through three Chef's who were not up to the task.  Actually, I went by there Monday and they told me they expanded the menu by fifteen items.  Personally, I like the Kobe Burger, but they have some really good sandwiches and soups.  Anyway, I hope they make it.  I know the staff and they all do a really good job and really want to be a neighborhood bar.   They have love music on Thursday nights and a bean bag game called corn hole.  It is so much fun.  Also, their patio is huge and faces The McDowell Mountains.  It is mostly in the shade because of the way it is located.  I would try the place out.    Oh yeah!!!!  Over 20 HD TV's for sports!!
Argh! I thought I would be the first to review this place!  While sitting at the bar for lunch on Saturday, I actually looked at my husband and said "I wish Yelp had half stars." Since he is not a Yelper himself, he was thoroughly confused by this comment. I explained to him that I really wanted to give Temple Bar 2.5 stars. The reason? This place is the definition of average. If you could create the word "average" in restaurant form, it would be Temple Bar & Sports Grill.  We ordered chips and salsa (lame, I know, but there really wasn't anything better)...and they never came! It wasn't a big deal since the mediocre food came pretty quickly (I mean, there were only 3 tables with people on a Saturday, so I would hope the food comes quickly), but how do you forget chips and salsa?  My husband had a mediocre burger, and I had a mediocre chicken sandwich. The food is edible but not good. I wouldn't mind coming back for drinks, but I would never depend on getting my next meal at Temple Bar. It also smelled like stale beer where we were sitting.  I can't imagine that this place will make it. The real estate has got to be pretty expensive on the corner of Bell and Thompson Peak Parkway, and the place was virtually empty (should have been a sign). The food is not good, and clearly the service isn't either since they can't remember to bring chips and salsa. The chips and salsa did manage to make their way onto our bill, which we quickly pointed out (and was resolved), but you can't have small mistakes like that when there are 8 people total in your restaurant!  I wish I had more positive things to say about this place....their patio is great, but there's no shade. I mean, come on! Did people from Seattle design the patio? It's Arizona! You can't have a patio with metal furniture and zero shade.
I decided to check this place out since it is close to my home.  I was not expecting much as far as the food and decided to give it a try anyway.  I asked the bartender what was good and he said everything so I decided to try the Tijuana Turky sandwich and the fried cheese.  My friend had the wings (awesome).    I was happy to say that the food was really good.  Everything I tried.  Definatelty better than expected.  Anyway, being an outgoing person I told the bartender that I had read a couple of reviews indicating the food was horrible.  They did not know about Yelp, but they did say that the first three months they were open presented a lot of challenges with the staffing and consistency of the product coming from kitchen.  Anyway, they said they have a good chef and even better leader in place for the past couple of months and there has been a noticicable improvement.  They asked me to please post again and ask for people to give them another chance because things are definately going strong.  Not to mention they do some prett good specials for North Scottsdale.  Anyway, the staff was really nice to me and my friends and I think it is has a really nice vibe and the food was really good.  I will be back and luckly I don't have to give this a second chance as they exceeded my expectations.  I would suggest everyone check this place out.
This place had me at cheese & bacon covered tater tots.  Needing to get the hell out of the office early yesterday, I joined a co-worker for happy hour at the Temple Bar.  It was my first time here, and I guarantee you that it will not be my last.  Great ambiance in the place, with a massive patio that comes complete with plenty of areas to sit, a beanbag toss game and even "outdoor" seating at the bar.  You can't beat that.  Plenty of great beers on draft, ranging from your standard macro-brews to some obscure German beers as well.  What will definitely keep me coming back (other than the cute waitresses that were there) are the happy hour specials.  Half-price on pretty much every appetizer that they have, and $3 draft beers.  We inhaled a couple orders of the sliders (which were amazing) and an order of the aforementioned cheese & bacon covered tater tots.  Solid.  I was told that the wings are damn good here as well, and other options on the menu that looked stellar that I will try next time were BBQ ribs and sauteed Cajun shrimp.  If you are in the Northern Scottsdale area and need to get out of the office for happy hour or swing by a place for an after-golf drink, this is the place for you.
I'm at Temple 2 to 4 times a week - some great people hang-out and work there, and the beers are excellent (try the Smithicks!).  The kitchen has steadily improved since they opened a year ago, still has a way to go but it's a step ahead of most bar food.  The steak salad is an excellent choice, along with the queso dip and quesadillos!  Lots of tv screens so you can watch football, basketball and hockey all at the same time!! wooo hoooo!!  Monday night and Thursday nights have been great for football watching!
I had one of the best St. Patties Days of my life here. The place was completely packed and full of fun friendly folks. Do yourself a favor and try Temple real soon (I prefer Friday, Saturday or Sunday night).
Temple's 1-year anniversary last Wednesday was great - all the regulars plus a ton of people that come from time to time.  It was a good time, crowded but not too much so (never an issue getting a drink - and those free beers until 8 kindof snuck up on me - dangerous mid-week!).
Love the outdoor patio!!! The food is OK, last time I went I got the hot ham and Swiss... Not easy to mess that up. They serve tater Tots here which I love so overall it was OK.   This is a pretty new spot still so I would imagine they are still working things out but overall I like the bar area and the transition bar that connects the patio to the inside bar.   Good atmosphere, good service, good location... Will update the next time I eat there and will try to order something a bit more adventurous. I'll definitely go back!
I work up in North Scottsdale, and when I heard a quaint Irish type pub opened relatively close by, I was pretty happy.  While I wouldn't call it a honeymoon, the Tempe Sports Bar & Grill has definitely not lived up to my expectations.  First & foremost, if you are going to have Irish shwag (and they have great Irish decorations), learn how to pour a Guinness PROPERLY!  Seriously, it should be like training 101, and while I have not been trained properly at the brewery at St. Jame's Gate, there are a few simple things I know need to happen.  1) Use the proper glass! 2) Pour rougly 2/3-3/4 of the beer & let it rest 3) Then top it off... Don't pour me an over-flowing, sloppy beer...\ 4) For goodness sake, take your time. This is a craft!  Beer rants aside, I've actually eaten here a few times, and the food, albeit bar food, has been their saving grace.  Their portion sizes are good, and the quality is high.  Plus, and this may seem ironic since I care so much about my beer, but they serve tater tots!  Who doesn't love tater tots!??  The service here can be a bit spotty at times, but most of the servers are very friendly.  Finally, they have a great TV set-up to watch all types of sports games, but if you do go, don't forget to people watch during commerical breaks.  There are some fun people who randomly come and go...  This place is a good happy hour joint to grab a quick bite at or eat there before you head out golfing... There are better Irish pubs though...
I heard that temple bar served tater tots smothered in cheese and bacon.  For this I thought it would be worth it to go to temple.    Well the first time I went there the bartender told me he had sent home the cook.  At the *restaurant* he had sent home the *cook.*  restaurant but no cook?    So we had drinks and I got a vodka cran so red that there's a crayola in the works that will have the words "temple bar vodka cran red" emblazoned on its wrapper.    One week later, we show up again to tb (appropriately the same acronym as an infectious disease) and are told that they just changed the schedule and no food is available!  Foiled again!    Well fortunately I had gotten in my order before the bad news came and I had the smothered tots. I was underwhelmed--not enough cheese, bacon that was too sweet... ftr the saying is *under*promise and *over*deliver, not the goddamn reverse, ppl.   And the waitress was very confused as to how to handle a large group, with the check and what not.  Well maybe she should worry about how she'd pay her bills without customers?  Food for thought.    Save your trip.  Go to zipps or wherever, doesn't matter to me.
I am going to give Temple 3 stars. Why? I have enjoyed the food there and the drink specials on reverse happy hour are great. Now Richard Z didn't enjoy the smothered tots, but I assured him it was an off night. The 3 times I have had them they have been great. Cheddar and bacon, dip them in a little ranch and you have a great late night snack. The chips and salsa are always available. Be prepared as the salsa has what I would call a lasting affect on your mouth, like a day or so. $3 beers on tap, Carlsberg and Stella being a couple of the choices, always puts a smile on my face.   This has become our late night after hockey place. Not sure how I feel about that just yet, but for now it will have to do.
Two stars for Temple should be extreme flattery.  I just want to remind everyone that as of Tuesday night, we are still in a recession. People are looking for work, companies are going out of business left and right, middle class families are living on the street. What does this mean, you ask?  Well, it means if I come into your eating and drinking establishment with fifteen others, you should be excited that your damn bar is getting business and that you will walk out with some cash in your pocket.  Is that what happened? No  We got terrible service. Our waitress was really snappy and rude, complaining before we even sat down about splitting checks. She took a few orders first and then came back later to take the rest while informing us that they were no longer serving food. If she would have said that in the beginning, maybe everyone would have had a chance to order before the kitchen closed.  The "smothered" tater tots were basically just sprinkled with cheese.  This was a huge disappointment because I love cheese.  The only redeeming thing about this place was the fact that they had good reverse happy hour specials.  Temple - if you want repeat customers, treat them a little better. Especially since you are in WAY northeast Scottsdale and people are not just going to accidentally run into you.
Good beer selection, but $6 for a beer is a little "2006"  Food is alright.  Perhaps the best dish are the chicken nachos, but they're a little spendy as well.  I love the place, but I'd suggest bouncing the weekend DJ entirely because it cheapens the atmosphere into an old "San Felipe/High School Dance" feel.  I'm not a fan of the UFC-crowd so I generally don't attend when they heavily market the fights.  Axe the DJ, refocus on quality on the menu, easy on the beverage prices, axe the weekend DJ and leave all of the "COME WATCH THE UFC FIGHT HERE, BRING UR TATOOS AND SHOTS ORDERS!" to the dive bars, I'd be there almost seven days a week.  Pete is the "glue" of that place, he needs more hours and a fat raise.
Been going here for a while.  Continues to get better.  There are quite a few regulars from the neighborhood and I would say that business is improving.  Maybe the economy is getting better.  Anyway, I think it is the best place I have found to watch a game outside of Chicago and the patio is second to none.
Been going here more and more.  Food is excellent!!!  Great patio.  Keep up the good work.
For a Sports Bar the food we had was excellent. Can recommend the Meat Loaf and the Beef Hot Sandwich. I also tried a very yummy Pinot Noir from Oregon, however $13.50 did seem a little high for a glass.  The staff were very nice, helpful, fast and friendly. It seemed to be a good place for the regulars who were all sitting around the bar at 4pm on a Tuesday. We had not intended to stop here but had little luck finding lunch at 3pm! A random spy while driving down the road. Glad we did stop though as we enjoyed our meal. The lighting is just a tad too dark though.
It's unfair to rate the service based on one St. Patrick's Day visit, so I won't tell you about how our waitress forgot to bring me water and took 15 minutes to fetch a draught.  That said, the fries were good and my sister-in-law said the sliders were good too (as served with au jus?).  Also, I think the tanktop-clad, eye contact-avoiding DJ from last night is from Jersey Shore. Could be wrong.
Temple Bar is AWESOME!   When you say SPORTS - Temple is the place to be.  There are more TVs than I have ever seen at a sports bar.  You will have a clear view in any location inside or out.    Speaking of in and out....  The inside is spectacular and the outside is spacious.  How upscale.  The seats inside and out are so comfy for sitting long term for games or for relaxing on a weekend.    The food is great!  I love the chips and salsa.  Bucho's Mucho Salsa is AWESOME!!!!  The chicken nachos and the smothered tots are also some of my favorites.  Actually it seems everything on the menu is great as I often go with a group of friends and we split/tasted many items.    They have a great wine selection and tasty beverages too!  Overall 5 thumbs up!
Temple Bar! I have had many late night adventures here, some good, some bad, but i can tell u the bartenders r cool as fuck!! and fuck is pretty cool.lol Pete, Jason, and Ashley r all very nice and hook up the drinks perfectly! the only reason y i give it 4 stars is because when there's no happy hour everything is too pricey and i have also gotten in a lot of trouble after leaving this place. I will say though i have been 86'd out of this place about 9 times and they always welcome me back with funny stories reminding me of how much of a dumb ass this Lil schmuck can be! The UFC fights r always free, which is very hard to find in Scottsdale. The place is never consistent with customers, one day it will look like a fucking Raging club the next night it will look like, the outside of chuckee cheese( 6 pedophiles hiding in the shadows). I do like that they have bags there or poop chute or butt darts and beef swords or whatever u call throwing a bean bag, its a good game to play with a few drinks, reason i say few is because last time i had too many and played, i threw a fucking bean bag at someones table and spilled all there drinks(DUMBASS) all and all it is a pretty chill place to go when they have happy hour but don't expect too much, unless you live by the place
I love this place!  Everytime we go I end up on the huge patio kicking some butt in bean bag toss!!  I've spent many fun nights here with  friends having drinks and sharing delicious dishes.  I highly recommend this bar to anyone looking for a comfortable, clean, fun place to hang for the night.  Did i mention there's a dance floor to get your groove on?
Probably one of my favorite patio's for a bar in the valley. Sitting outside at sunset, looking at the McDowell Mtns is a great reminder of  why we live in Arizona.  The food here is really good.  I especially like the Shepherd's Pie. They have a great selection of booze. Nice single malt line-up and Boddington's and Smithwick's on Tap.  They have two sets of Corn-Hole Toss games on the patio.  Really, really fun to play. Watch out for the occasional hustler looking to drink for free off of your lack of corn-hole toss skills.  Soon they are suppose to have a shuttle service to give you a ride home. Once that is in place it will seal the deal as one of my top 3 bars in the valley.
As far as sports bars go, this might be my favorite. Fantastic atmosphere, more than enough high-quality screens. Truly not a bad seat in the house. Added benefit is the phenomenal patio -- one of the best bar patios in town for sure. I've been there twice in the past week to watch Suns playoff games. Food is very good for bar food. First night was just 5-6 shared appetizers (wings, potato skins, chicken quesadilla, etc. - you know the stuff for us health nuts). Everything was fantastic. The second night we had the prime rib, mashed potatoes and asparagus dinner. Only $12 and it was great. After we had the skillet cookie which was one of the best things I've ever tasted -- I will get that every time I go no matter what. ;-) The only drawback was the wait staff. Was hard to get a drink a few times. Other than that, fantastic experience and we will be back regularly.
My wife and I went on a Sat. at 1pm, only 3 tables going and I can see why! $11 for a burger, $8 is the opening price for wine "OUCH" You can go down T. Peak Pky and find the real deal at ZIPP'S. Pass and spend your $$ wisely somewhere else!
We live up the road from this bar and like to stop in for a quick bite or meet friends for drinks. The staff is pretty great with the exception of a ditz now and then, the food is pretty good and the view is perfection. Nothing beats looking at the McDowell Mountains and sipping a cold beer or enjoying a glass of wine. The only thing I HATE about this place is they NEVER clean the patio. It's always dirty, stained/dirty cushions and cigarette butts everywhere!!! They really need to work on this as the patio is best part of this place.
If you want a draft beer with a fantastic view, you cannot get a better spot than the Temple Bar.  They have a wonderful selection of draft beer and it is at the foothills of the McDowells with an unobstructed view.  The reason I rated it as two stars is due to upkeep and food quality.  When the Temple Bar opened, we regularly visited this establishment since it is a neighborhood bar.  Over the past few years, the outside patio furniture has deteriorated to the point where it is almost unusable.  In addition, the tables and chairs always seem dirty when we show up.  I have rarely had a time where a wait person proactively wipe it off.  In addition, when reading the menu, the food sounds good but in the end I am always disappointed.  Again, a great place for a beer and the view but we find ourselves not going there often due to the cleanliness and low food quality.
I visited Temple Bar for the first time this past Monday night.  Surprisingly, it had a beautiful patio with beautiful views of the mountain and plenty of seating inside and out.  I was greeted by a friendly bartender that I later learned is Ashley.  She was helpful and quickly grabbed the Blue Moon I was craving.  Later on, a handsome little chap going by Josh happily refilled my drink and served me up some delicious wings.  I was lucky enough to sit next to a kind gentlmen who goes by Dick who quickly educated me in the coaching issues between the NY Jets and Baltimore.  An avid football watcher he was and in that place, there is no bad seats.  Overall, I definitely enjoyed the experience and will be back!
Save yourself, DO NOT go here!  See AMber W. - place is empty, you provide a service that results in tips, it's a recession, be lucky you have a job, how 'bout you be a little nicer?!?!?   Her review was almost a year ago, well they haven't changed!    This is the third time I've been here and each time it's worse!    My boyf enjoys the herb crusted burger, it's not bad.  But, to have to put up with sourpuss jerks, NOPE, not fabulous enough!!!  I had a burger, nothing to write home about...  And, along with very dismal depressing servers & bartenders, it stinks like a night after a chorus of Englishmen singing rugby songs till morn were there (it stinks every time we've been there), and the wonky unstable chairs, and the not so great pricing, please find a reason why you should hurt yourself by going to this awful dwelling!  This is a review from three separate spaced apart visits, one lunch, one an event, one dinner, I've earned the right to give this place negative stars, dammit, I can't...!  Oh, and by the way, the tots are NOT good x 3!!!
Best place in Scottsdale to watch a game and they have bags on the patio.  I love the Spicy Hangover, whether you are hung over or not it does the trick, and the best thing about it is you can get it with Tater Tots!!!!!! Great food, Great Service, and of course cold beer.  The only thing the place needs is more Bronco memorabilia on the walls.
I've been going to Temple for about a year now. My boyfriend and I frequent this place about once a week for after work drinks and grub.   If you're a smoker and patio aficionado this place is for you. The patio is large with plenty of seating and even has bags. There are TVs on the patio but you're better off going inside to watch the game since there's a bazillion TVs inside. In the summer they have misters which don't really do much, but they're nice for a quick cool off. In the cooler months they turn on the fire pit. The patio seems to be in some kind of transition right now. Last week there were new round picnic tables intermixed with the old furniture - not pretty but hopefully its temporary.   There's a wide range in the types of people you'll see here - families with kids seated next to Affliction bro types is not unusual. Really, everyone is welcome. They have a moderate crowd on weekdays and a somewhat larger crowd on the weekends. The only times I've seen it busting was on St. Patrick's Day and for UFC fights.  They have good selection of beer and wine (pretty pricey) and can mix up all kinds of cocktails. Happy hour specials are great. When you order shots, be sure to specify if you want it chilled or room temp because they will come chilled. (I like my whiskey warm) Unfortunately, despite specifying I've gotten my shots chilled. Which brings me to service...  The service is spotty, hence the 4 stars. Some nights our drink orders are taken as soon as we sit down, other nights we have to flag someone down. But once you get the server's attention they will continually check up on you and are prompt with the bill. (I HATE sitting around waiting for the bill when I'm ready to leave) With the exception of the shots, they always get your order right.  I've tried a lot of their menu and everything has been good, some things are better than others but I've never had anything inedible.I particularly enjoy the Buffalo Chicken Wrap and French Dip. Their portions are generous (great for splitting!) and they serve tots! Tots people! Crunchy, baby hashbrown, potato goodness!   I'm surprised at the negative reviews since I've always had a pretty good experience there. It's not the be-all, end-all of sports bars but it does the job and get's it done well.
I'm proud to say this is now my favorite neighborhood bar. It is an upscale sports bar with an Irish theme and a huge outdoor patio. I love the shuttle that picks me up and gets me home responsibly.  The atmosphere here is very casual and you are always made to feel welcome.   Last night (Sunday) they offered $3 you-call-it drinks all night (seriously, $3 for premium cocktails!) This is now THE place in north Scottsdale to watch a game and "toss some bags".  FYI - Food snobs WILL NOT like this place. They offer reasonably priced good quality bar food - not fancy ass romantic dinners. And as I have mentioned here on Yelp before, save the one-star reviews for Denny's, Jack in the Box, and the iHop in Afghanistan you snotty "my check was 5-min late" drama queens!  FREE SHUTTLE RIDES WITHIN A 5-MILE RADIUS!!!
I originally wrote a review in August, 2010 where I suggested a number of improvements to this business.  I was impressed that management wrote me a message and addressed my concerns.  Since then we have been back to Temple Bar and would provide a higher rating.  They have improved the patio furniture, cleanliness outside, food quality, and service.  We visited Friday night and were very happy with the experience.  And, I am always a fan of the huge selection of draught beer.  It is nice to have a neighborhood restaurant that we will be happy to revisit.
In today's day and age, with the popularity of sites like Yelp, you have to feel bad for the sports bar proprietor.  They all seem to follow a standard formula yet at the same time there are so many ways to potentially upset your customers.  "The game I want to watch isn't on"...."the sound of the game I want to hear isn't on"...."the big TV is showing the wrong game".... "the volume of the game is too loud"... "why are you playing music when MY team is playing on TV?" I could go on and on.   And then you have the food. Charge more than $8 for a quesadilla and you are waaaay over priced. Charge less than $8 and put the food in a plastic basket and your establishment is "trashy" or "cheap".   You also have all those weekly specials and happy hour deals. More variables that can piss someone off.    Bottom line - for a sports bar, let me repeat that..., for a SPORTS BAR Temple Bar does a pretty good job. 4 stars. The game I wanted to watch was on several of their HD flat screen TV's. One of those TV's was close enough for me to follow the action. The sound was a bit loud but I could still hear my friends talk. The menu featured several decent $5 apps for happy hour. The food was greasy, most likely from pre-packaged frozen supplies and I don't feel very healthy anymore, but it was no worse than any other fried food I have had at a run of the mill sports bar.  Most important of all, my friends and I shared some laughs, had a good time, and I'm definitely full.   Oh - and the bathrooms were clean. Another plus.
Good food, okay selection of beer, the beer selection used to be a little better previously but there are still options. Corn Hole( bean bag) on the patio.
My 2 major factors when looking for a great sports bar (for NFL Sundays specifically) are good TV set up and good food. This place delivered both. I was able to watch every game that was on from my seat at the bar which was very convenient. I started off with a Bloody Mary and I must say, it was the best Bloody Mary that I've had to date at an AZ sports bar. I asked for extra spicy and they actually turned up the heat for reals (most bartenders don't understand extra spicy at least for my taste), yummy. Their menu has a great array of items that I will definitely be returning to try more of, everyone swears by their smothered tater tots. I tried the baked chicken tenders and they were actually very tasty. Baked instead of fried, covered in pecan and corn flakes. They tasted just as good as the real thing and were less greasy. After eating, I stepped outside to their big patio and played some bags. They have a great set up out there and a beautiful mountain backdrop. This place is worth checking out.
The boyfriend and I went for a UFC this past weekend. No UFC cover which is always nice. Nice, large outdoor patio with good TV's (sound could've been louder). Good atmosphere with firepit and a giant Jenga game!  We'll be back!
I had to come back as they did step up the look and feel of the patio. MUCH bertter and cleaner. As our local spot this place is pretty good. If the service is lacking or some dishes not so great it's tolerable as the patrons, specials and SMOTHERD TOTS are great. Almost everytime we go here we meet someone super nice and friendly. The easy going, layed back enviornment is such a nice change of pace in our N. ScottsdaleLand. But, I do have one small issue (in case managmentis reading ;) The cusions need to be replaced. It's time guys. They are REALLY flat and the wicker VERY hard on the ass-cheeks. Gracias!!!
I live around the corner from the Temple bar... and there are not many other really close options to choose from in regard to a burger/beer joint.  The Temple Bar has really decent Happy Hour specials when if comes to their appetizers. They seem to be the best deals here, as everything else (in my opinion) tends to be a little overpriced.... both for the quantity and quality.   I am a big fan of the steak salad! This was really good... but at $14 for some lettuce and a piece of steak... not to sure it's worth it.  The burgers are usually good.   STAY AWAY FROM THE MEATLOAF! STAY AWAY FROM THE MEATLOAF!   STAY AWAY FROM THE MEATLOAF! STAY AWAY FROM THE MEATLOAF!  Did I make my point clear!!? The meatloaf looked and tasted like dog food! And I felt like crap for two days after eating it.  Overall... it's a good place to have a burger, have a beer and watch a game as they market themselves as a sports bar.
I went on a Saturday night for a UFC fight and they had a ton of specials/weekend happy hour.  They had a ton of tv's inside and outside and they have a huge patio.  I ordered the burger and wings which were both delicious.  Our waitress was prompt and kept the beer flowing.  You can't beat free UFC, cheap drinks, good food and good service.
Been here a few times.  The food is nothing to write home about.  This most recent visit I sat at the bar and had a couple beers and watched the NBA playoffs on TV.  It was a nice place to kick back for a little while.
To the locals, Temple is good, but nothing to get excited about.  For someone from a place like Danville, CA, Temple is off the charts!  I would eat at Temple 7 days/week if it were here, but it's not, so all I can do is dream about those tater tots.  Holy crap this place is GOOD!
Hit this spot on the way home and had a quick cocktail and appetizer.  We were greeted and served cocktails promptly.  My cocktail was well made and my guest's beer was very cold.  We ordered a chicken quesadilla from the happy hour menu and it was delicious - spinach tortilla, thick tender chicken, fresh salsa, and generous guacamole portions on the side.  I highly recommend ordering this starter.    The ambiance was dark and inviting, and especially comfortable on a long, hot day like today.  Looking forward to returning, and very much recommend this spot!
I was so excited to go to this bar I just moved to the  neighborhood an there are not a lot of options an from what I had read seemed pretty cool ! Well wrong couldn't get service if my life depended on it , in fact   the bartender looked at us an turned her back like she was to good to serve us, they weren't very busy or I would understand,we were sitting at the bar might I mention !  ! Her loss an the restaurant I might not look like I have a lot of money but I am a great tipper an patron !  after not getting served a drink or any food we had to leave ...hungry an disappointed not to mention thirsty !!
This place is close to where I used to work, so it was on the list of places to go for lunch or staff happy hour.  For some reason, it always seriously underwhelmed me.  Very dark, like it might be hiding dirt, the food passable and the service spotty.
Great food and drinks!  Love the cheese and bacon tater tots!  Dayamn!  Pairs quite nicely with a Grape press
Came here one hot September day. Dogs allowed!! BIG BONUS FOR ME! I have two pitbulls and one mixed saluki breed-- and i brought 2 dogs that day.. everyone loved them..  My friends and i watched the game here with our dogs, friendly staff, friendly patrons. Food looked good (i didnt eat anything) a bit pricey though..  I would come back when i have more money (and i do live pretty far, 40 miles, from here)  oh wellsie..
Temple-style Hot Wings are a must to try.  The burgers are very good, albeit lack a certain 'punch'/'kick' to make them 'oh wow' good.  A nice tall Guinness, sitting on the patio with a clear view to the mountains is wonderful.  Hockey seems to be the big sport at this bar, followed by college football, and pro basketball.  Occasionally we'll join a game of bean bag toss in the courtyard area.  We've returned a couple dozen times in the last year.
Love the Food and the Staff. This place is hands down the best place in N Scottsdale to watch UFC fights ( No Cover ) Plus they have a free shuttle that will pick you up and take you home for a safe night. I highly recommend it.
I lived down the street from this place for almost two years before I even heard about it. I shouldn't have admitted that to you because now my credibility when it comes to knowing the "it" places in Scottsdale just went down the tubes. FAIL. But hey, if you are reading this review you probably haven't been there yet either so just shut up and read, ok?   Here is the dilly. I came here NYE. They had a $65 all you can drink special from 9p-2a that night. Nydia A. and I waited until the last minute to make plans and this seemed easy and pretty damn affordable, not to mention close to home. As a NYE venue I wasn't a big fan...but I do know a good (or even great) sports bar when I see one.   What it isn't: Hoppin with booty shakin music (we had to beg the DJ to play what we deemed "dance worthy" music), filled with beautiful people, packed to the brim with a thirty minute wait to get in, pretentious, where you should go if you are a Scottsdale DB looking to get laid.   What it is: A place to get good (strong) drinks for a reasonable price, convenient if you live within a five mile radius (they have a paddywagon free of charge), chill, and very conducive to the needs of sports enthusiasts. Oh and somewhere I can go without having to primp and wear six inch ankle breaking heels. (totally wish I got that memo BEFORE I dressed for NYE)   The bottom line: You'll probably see me there during football season proudly sporting a Tebow jersey, yelling at the flat screens, beer in one hand and hot wing in the other.
This place rocks... it's a Chicago bar, and they also have the cornhole game...I'm kind of a legend when it comes to that game, I won the Best Damn Bags League tourney there a while back.  Great food, good drinks and nice staff.  It also has a huge outdoor patio which is awesome when the weather is nice.
Good food, slow service, nice patio, dirty patio cushions!
$2.50 Old Style and Bags.... What more can you ask for.
Deepak Chopra teaches ways to achieve spiritual success. I teach ways to achieve an alcoholic spiritualism...of sorts.  Yes, through a fairly consistent regimen of lies and drinking, you can become a more enhanced version of yourself, and there's no better place to do this than at the Temple Bar.  Here are my recommendations:  Don't go directly home from work. You need time to wind down. To ponder how you're going to execute that co-worker who just ratted you out  to HR for stealing lunches out of the office fridge.  This is your quiet time.  Time you can count on to not be bothered by anyone, including your server.   Time you need to come up with a massive cover-up lie, explaining to your wife how those panties she found in your glove compartment are really yours...and how you have a 'thing' for women's undergarments... that you might need psychiatric help.  And finally, time to wipe the day's smudge off of you.  To get ready for the next, as you devise a scheme to suck-up to the boss with enough vacuum pressure, he'll give you that bonus you need to cover the abortion costs of your 19 year-old mistress.  This means shots. Lots and lots of shots which are fairly priced during happy hour.   I also recommend Hasselhoffing your way through one of their signature burgers once the shots take hold...the western is my favorite. It's gooey and messy, making it highly probable you'll slop it all over yourself, concealing that hickey you got from Miss, "No condom? No worries... I'm on the pill."  The best part. When you can't walk, or talk for that matter, and it's time to head home to face the music, they have a delivery van, (The paddy wagon) to deliver you safely to your doorstep.  You're safe at home now, but not safe from your wife's military line of questioning regarding the purple thong. This is when I recommend a little move I learned playing bridge...I like to call it my modified pincer move.  I do this by blacking out...making another awful day (and the rude interrogation) disappear... voila!  You've just put off the panty conversation one more day, you're ready to face the HR manager tomorrow with beer farts guaranteed to asphyxiate her lunch stealing accusatory ass,  and one step closer to achieving alcoholic spiritualism...of sorts.  PS. Forget about the abortion.  She's nineteen and probably sleeping with the entire male population of her South Phoenix apartment complex.   You're welcome.
It is a sports bar with reasonable charges for food and drink. The food however is your typical bar food and nothing seems all too fresh. I had the turkey burger and my hubby had a chicken sandwich. Both tasted like they had come from the freezer and thrown on a grill. The tater tots tasted like they had been over fried, refried or the oil needed to be changed. I think the kitchen cuts corners which is a real shame because I like the atmosphere there.
On most days, there's a radar cop posted-up right next to the patio here, shooting speeders on Thompson Peak Pkwy.  This is another reason I like to come here.  Watching exotic cars such as Lamborghini's and Ferrari's routinely racing down Thompson Peak while the cop sits there....blow dryer in hand, is somewhat entertaining.  It's especially fun when the cop lights off his motorcycle seat, practically having an orgasm each time he hears their fast-approaching roar. He's kind of like a kid on Christmas morning, his excitement level off the hook. Cops are weird like that.   Anyway, the draft beer is really good here, and if you sit at the bar, the service is really good too. Their grilled chicken sammy and sweet potato fries are a delight.  The people in here are a mixed bag, mostly 30-40 somethings who aren't as good looking as I'd like, but then I'm just another pretty lake. The fuck do I know.  If you sit on the patio to check out the cop, I hope you don't get stuck with the server who's all heroin-chic and gives off a creepy vibe. She's fun to look at, even more so to make fun of behind her back, but she really is a dizzy bitch.   I just order two at a time to cover for her long disappearances.
Good atmosphere. Decent beer selection. Good menu.
This is only a review of the food.  We went if for lunch and wanted to like this place because of the location.  The ambiance for a sports bar was pretty chill and seemed clean (for a bar).  Unfortunately, the food just sucks balls.  I ordered a roast beef with peppers and puked it up within an hour  It seriously must have been a weak old and I would equate it to chewing on some jerky (without the flavor).  The waitress was really nice but the fact that I threw up within an hour of eating means that I won't be back.   **DO NOT ORDER ANY KIND OF ROAST BEEF!!!!****
I've been there in the past and enjoyed but after this past Saturday night, we wont be back.  Service was horrible food was ok.
The service was terrible and food was even worse!  We had a coupon for $10 off of our bill and when we went to use it we were told it was not valid because it was happy hour even though that was not stated on the coupon. When we complained to the manager, he was extremely rude and said that he was doing us a favor by even offering a coupon and why should he pay for the extra printing cost to state it was not valid during happy hour. Unbelievable! Needless to say, their coupons are no good but neither is their service or food.
Meh. I've experienced better. I've been here a few times and would have to say for every time I enjoy my visit the next couple of times I don't enjoy my visit. Maybe I'm cranky because for the last 3 nights in a row I've been less than happy with my venue choices.  My wife was hungry and wanted to order right away but I insisted that we get our drinks first. It's been my experience that if you order your drinks and meal at the same time, it takes forever to get your drinks. Especially since there were only two servers working during a packed house during Monday night football. Sure enough, it took some time to get our drinks, but at least our server was easy on the eyes and seemed to care about her customers.  The food is sometimes good but it's normally not the greatest. I wanted to try a burger but our server said that they couldn't guarantee medium so I decided to get a Reuben. The Reuben was passable but I forgot to ask them not to put so much freaking thousand island on the sandwich. Don't get their Philly sandwich, the last time I had it, it tasted like it was expired. They at least replaced the Philly sandwich with another item.  I think the best way to enjoy Temple Bar is to only drink the adult beverages while sitting out on the gorgeous patio.
Could be, quite possibly, the worst wings I've had. Wait...  Four Peaks...  They are really inconsistent, but never good.  They are either way overdone, to a point where the bone disintegrates.. or the skin is soggy and rubbery. If they are deep fried how does that happen?  I guess it's just bar food but put some love into it please!!  I live around the corner and its so convenient.  Great place to watch a game, but eat somewhere else.
First off, let me say that I was here with a group of friends and we were having 5 star fun that night. So even if we were in a 7-11, I'd rate it 4 stars. That said, Temple Bar is a nice, open sports bar that seems to attract the beautiful people I normally don't see in establishments of this type in my neck of the woods.   For as crowded as it was that night, I think the servers did a good job. The drinks were cold and we got them relatively quickly.   The icing on the cake for us was that we brought a band to party with us (thanks to Ted for arranging this!). They're a cool local band called Safety Orange (check 'em out sometime if you get a chance!). Great fun.
Come in expecting bar food and you'll be pleasantly surprised. Awesome fresh tater tots and chicken salad sandwich, although the Chicken noodle soup is a bit salty. $7-10 for most menu items, though the salads step up the price slightly.  Tons of tv's to watch the games and they're all marked with mini pennant magnets so you know who is playing on each. Also, looks like there's a paddy wagon to transport you to and from your house as AZ has a zero tolerance for drinking and driving.  M-W is reverse happy hour from 10 P.M.
New to the area and I really like this place.  Staff is great and the food and drink menu is pretty good as well.  I have been in a handful of times and find the regulars to be quite friendly and sociable.  Overall experience has been great.
Found this place last night on bringfido.com, I was in the area and had my dog with me so needed a place that was pet friendly. The ONLY good thing about this place was the large pet friendly patio area. We sat for a long time before even being acknowledged. In the dozen times a server walked by, not a single "be right with you" No drink refills After asking for a box, she began to place other customers dirty plates on top of my boyfriends plate making a comment like "if you say you didn't like it I can take it off your bill." I had to stop her from laying dirty dishes on our food and explained that we would be taking the food home if she brought a box.   I could go on and on but will sum it up like this:   Terrible service, possibly worst ever.  The food was so-so.  Won't be back.
Are you a beer aficionado?  And by beer, I don't mean Michelob Ultra or any of those tasteless, flavorless low-calorie 'beers'. I'm talking about IPA's.  Those extraordinary flavorful, aromatic brews offering double the taste, aroma and  alcohol content of mainstream beers. Well Temple Bar is for you.   Here you'll find a new selection from Lagunitas, a seasonal selection named 'Lagunitas Sucks'. I had three mason jars of this fine spirited brew and got my dick knocked right into the dirt.  SPOILER ALERT: It doesn't suck but it does tend to knock dicks in the dirt.  Temple Bar also features some of the best wings I've ever had, but you won't find them on the menu. You'll need to ask for them by name; JT's Favorites.  Apparently, there's some guy in the kitchen named JT, or maybe Justin Timberlake wandered in one day and ordered his wings grilled, then deep-fried till crispy.  They were magical. I ordered them hot.  Big mistake, go with medium. Aside from being a culinary artist, JT, (if that IS his real name) is also a sadomasochist, taking ghoulish delight in making sure hot truly means hot.  Between the Lagunitas and JT's nuclear wings, my head exploded right on the spot.   This freaked-out other pub-goers and the staff, making an otherwise peaceful evening a dreadful folly.  As I lay there, my head in a million tiny pieces on the floor, I noticed my fellow patrons curiously asking the bartender what of this fatal combination? It wasn't long before heads were exploding all around me. All of us laid-out on the floor, gibbering messes, the lot of us.    Lagunitas Sucks and JT's wings. A fitting end to a fucked-up day at work.  If you like hot wings, good IPA's and free popcorn or, if you don't particularly care if your head explodes, I strongly recommend Temple Bar.
ordered fish & chips and fried shrimp, both were pretty bad. fish batter was soggy, coleslaw was very bland and had no flavor and fries were burnt. i will not return.
They have a great beer selection. Lagunitas seems to be a favorite of many, plus it comes in a cool mason jar glass. Bonus!  I have been to "Temple" many times and never had any issues with service, outside of the occasional new server.  The staff that has been around for awhile does a great job.  From a food standpoint I tend to stick to the appetizer menu as I'm often just having a beer and lite meal.  The hot pretzel is a good option, but I'm a huge fan of the basic nachos.  Think standard chips and cheese like you would get at the ball park, but a little higher quality.  If you like tater tots don't pass on them here! Excellent.  The have a huge patio which is great when the weather is good, i.e not 100 plus degrees, service is sometimes slower on the patio as well.  They also have a ton of flat screen TVs that allow you to have a decent view from anywhere you sit.  Highly recommended for a good beer and a decent meal.
Great large patio, plenty of big screens inside, great "bar" food.  Bartenders are decent though the waitresses can be a bit slow if you're at a table.  Okay prices.  Happy a hour isn't anything to brag about.  I have been here several times and they just recently changed a few of their draft beer selections.... No longer have Hoegaarden (my fav) and don't carry a hefeweizen unless you consider Blue Moon a hefeweizen which it is not...  Overall I'd give it a 3.5, but the service knocks it down to three.  My suggestion is to sit at the bar!!
Came for a beer to watch the cardinals game. Our waitress was really great so must be hit and miss from the other reviews. The other one there didn't look so happy so glad we got the one we did. Think her name was jenny.  She suggested a new beer called 312 and I thought it was a pretty good recommendation. Can't say what the food was like so that will be next time.   I love the fact that they have so many TVs so you've got a great angle anywhere you sit.
When it comes to meatballs, Nancy's Grandma makes the best. But when you can't get those...  Temple Bar is as close as it gets.  Let's just say those delectable 3 inch spheres of yummy ness are awesome!
It's a great neighborhood pub with an enormous amount of TV's to watch your team play.
I've been here a couple of times and have always had a good experience.  The place was clean with a nice outdoor area.  I was there for football Saturday this past weekend, and the service was very good.  I would give five stars, except that the person with me didn't love their sandwich.  I liked my food though!  I will definitely visit the Tempe Bar again.
Tots tots tots what else can you ask for??? Oh yeah best beer selection at this local spot the staff is friendly and the food is delish overall a very satisfied customer!  Somebody beer me!
Temple is a great place to meet with locals and grab a beer during games. The food is reasonably priced and it's really good. The staff is friendly and not overbearing. Other then the few crazy jets fans this place is great!
I hate to do this as I'm always hopeful this place will pull it together but I have to admit, I've started going to the "other" neighborhood pub more and more. Reasons?  *Patio ALWAYS dirty and furniture stained and falling apart. Is it that hard to keep that wonderful patio space comfortable and inviting?  * They changed the menu and not in a good way.  *Apparently the gym next door took over the bags game area and so that fun is no more.  *Bathrooms also dirty and broken all the time and paper towel machine empty.  Unfortunately it seems this place is managed very poorly and/or barely hanging on financially and cannot afford to keep things fresh and presentable. Really too bad as it was a great place for awhile.
I stumbled in here hungry and hungover on a late Sunday morning. I was ready for something greasy and not too complicated. This place fit the bill.  It's part Irish pub, part sports bar -- a match made in heaven.  The Irish isn't seen so much in the decor, except for the amount of green paint. The sports part is loudly represented by tons of banners, jerseys, and more plasma than a blood bank.   Each wall has probably 5 MASSIVE screens, and some of the booths even have small screens mounted inside. Lucky for my pounding head, since it was fairly early, the volume was kept nice and low.  The menu is a mix of your usual bar food, with a few Irish dishes tossed in. I went for the corned beef sandwich, one toasty buttery bread, and spicy mustard. It came with some creamy and delicious macaroni and cheese. It was just what the doctor ordered.
I have to agree with Korina on the sparseness of the Irish decor at R.T. O'Sullivan's in Glendale.  Honestly, if it weren't for the name of the place or the Ireland map and sporadic knick-knack here and there I wouldn't know I was in an Irish pub. I have yet to find an Irish pub in Phoenix that can outdo Rosie McCaffrey's in drinks, decor, service and experience.  I met some co-workers up in this joint on a Wednesday night and enjoyed a happy hour mixed drink, a pint of Harp and a few loaded potato skins. The crowd was kind of light and the service was ok considering there were 16 of us  A few guys were enjoying themselves with Big Buck Hunter and the electronic darts.    But selling point for me??  NTN Buzztime on the TV sets.  If you're a trivia nerd like me, you will like that here.  Of course, I was the only one playing, but I am one seasoned trivia foe.    Two stars, and an extra star just for NTN.
R.T. O'Sullivan's ( more than  six months back  things may have changed but my prior two visits had us   walking out re time it took to serve us/ and then  forgot to  cook part of the order. )  It's about as Irish as Sobriety  ( Yeah I have the Celtic passport to back that slander up)   Chicken Wings Plain, BBQ, Teriyaki, Mild, Medium, Hot, Death or HELL !(no returns on HELL) Served with celery and ranch dressing.  I think I get it, they are being ironic... Because if you get what you want it's not hell!.   The thought of an Irish bar without cider is as laughable as a French bar sans wine or a burger joint that doesn't have   coke but would you like a nice green tea? Er no.   No hard apple cider in stock , please perry, aka pear cider is fine but it's not frickin' cider and there seems to be some reality problems with bars here.   NM , ok I do mind .. The wings, HELL? , HELL-o I thought I was meant to be in mortal danger here. Seemingly a sauce mild enough to douche with is their idea of hell.. mine is paying $8 to be sorely disappointed, again. Gets better they totally forgot to bring out the wife's main course..   No black pudding on the menu and still insisting that Corn beef / cabbage is from the old country and not an American invention  oh well, it's a theme  ,it's not reality.    It's really an opportunistic "schtick" to tie a  run of the mill sports bar with some character.
Men's bathroom attendant with cologne and buggle gum in a sports bar?  Really?  Yes, they do have one on occasion, and he takes all of the paper towels so you're forced to receive one from him after washing your hands in the restroom.    This is a sports bar that has virtually nothing to do with being an Irish bar other than it's name.  Food is inconsistent, service is usually atrocious but understandable - they hire cute girls in skimpy clothing.  If you want the eye candy but poor service then this is your place.  A lot of broken glass in the parking lot and the place can get very noisy on weekends.
PHENOMENAL sports bar / restaurant!  ANY SPORTS LOVER WILL LOVE THIS PLACE!  the restaurant / bar is divided into 4 separate areas. you have the bar area with the bar & lots of low top tables & TONS of plasmas all over the place. you have the main dining area with TONS of plasmas on every single wall and the high top tables have their own tvs. you have the game area with another bar with pool table / golf game / and some tables and MORE PLASMAS,  then you have ONE OF THE LARGEST SMOKERS PATIOS EVER!. the smoking patio is huge with outdoor plasmas and an OUTDOOR BAR. you never have to leave the outdoors to go in for any reason if you are a smoker. they also have alot of misters on the patio. there is all sorts of cool memorabilia in the entire place.  drinks are priced under other places. happy hour is 11am - 7pm!! great deals on bottles. strong mixed drinks.  all of their appetizers are 1/2 off from 4pm-6pm.  these aren't just any old bar appetizers. there are 19 different appetizers. great appetizers. they also have a full menu ranging from american food to irish.  IF YOU WANT TO WATCH ANY SPORT OF ANY KIND, GO HERE! they have ALL sports packages. this is a great place for football. for any of you who go to SANTISI'S on bell rd, this is far  better. santisi's is dark and over the top crowded. you have no room and bump into the person next to you.  this is like an upgraded version of them with room to spread and all around nicer. they do open early for football and have a breakfast menu. the breakfasts are large. the management is great. they will put on whatever you want to watch if it's not already on. the plasmas are big and you won't break your neck having to look up at a tv like other bars. great place to go! they do have a dj on friday nites and a small area to dance. drinks are cheap on sundays for football.
Good selection of beer, nice waitresses and challenging but very fun "live" trivia on Thursdays at 7p.m. We go with a group... good times!  Only suggestion would be for them to expand their appetizer menu.
Went here Jan. 2, 2010 for lunch, when college bowl games were on. A veritable plethora of TV's covering all sports to be had, burger was good, and service was just great! Good selection of beers, clean, and friendly place. Apparently they will be having music on Friday & Saturday nights. I liked the place!
My brother used to work - so I have to give it an extra star just because of that. Over all this place is decent. It's really big. Got a few pool tables, and a nice fire pit in the back patio where you can smoke. Plus - there is some wack-job named Mikey who works here & drinks here all night - or at least he was when I visited. He made my night.   Cheese!
Meh...I went here for the Lakers game today.  They have appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, ribs, and salads.  The O'Connell burger that I ordered, which had bacon was just so-so.  The fries were decent.  The Coors Light was a little flat.  Overall, just an average sports bar.  The crowd here seemed a little older.
This is close to where I live but I haven't been there for awhile.  However I wound up going there twice in the last month.  The food is good, their burgers are terrific and their ice cream dessert is wonderful.  The ambiance is so so.  If you like TV's blaring all around all the time then this is great.  The outside fire pit is great when weather permits. Service is so so unless you ask for  the best server there--Kelsey.  She was attentive w/out being intrusive.
Decent place to go have a drink. Really good desserts. YUMMY chocolate cookie thing. Nice, nothing special, but a fine place to go relax.
I recently went here as part to celebrate my 21st birthday. I wanted somewhere that i could enjoy my friends and yet still enjoy some drinks and good food. We all enjoyed ourselves very much. Had some good drinks to choose from and the staff was super nice. Although the gal seating us gave us attitude when we asked for a table for 14 (they werent very busy) we enjoyed our night. We will be back for our usual lunch break for some good food, and some night outings.
Great happy hour! Good food!
Fewer places offer as many options for viewing sports. Combine that with an excellent selection of food including a delicious Hot Corned Beef sandwich, tasty Meatloaf, an awesome Shepherd's Pie and a surprisingly fresh Veggie Plate, and you will find that RT O'Sullivan's is hard to top for those nights where you want to eat/drink/watch some games.
My search for *the* Irish pub may have ended here! To sum it up in one word, I could only describe RT O'Sullivan's as "legit".   First of all, the happy hour is amazing. Dollar off the reasonably priced drinks, and half-off appetizers. The fried zucchini was succulent, and didn't amount to discs of greasy mush like it does at most bars. The wings were tasty, and the menu is so expensive, you bet I'll be coming back.  Beer selection was nice. Kiltlifter, Guinness, and Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat are all I need.  The cocktails are where it's at. There's a huge menu of hot drinks, shots, blended drinks, and of course, anything iced. My Alligator Tail (Jager+Midori) was ridiculously strong and could have been mixed better, but then again I'm never one to complain about there being too much Jager in anything--it's impossible.   The chocolate banana martini was one of the tastiest drinks ever, and the mint chocolate chip shake (I can't even remember what kind of alcohol was in here at this point) was an incredibly refreshing desert.  I will be back here to dine, and stuff my face. I don't think anyone can go wrong here, it's that good.
Tons of TV's and big beers.    Not great food, and boneless wings have less actual chicken in them than a McNugget.
This is a nice place. Pretty good food, nice atmosphere. Very big place. With a nice patio and bar.  Only downside is price. Kinda pricy for the area. You can walk to tailgaters or cheers and drink and or eat for half the price.  But all in all if you don't mind spending a little more then it's a chill spot.
I had a great time at R.T. O'sullivan's last night for St. Patrick's day! Green beer, a yummy corn beef sandwich and live music, what else do you need?! Our waitress was doing a pretty good job for how freaking busy it was and the food came pretty darn fast! So all in all good times!
I've gone to the Glendale location several times over the past 2-3 years. I've also been to their Mesa location, but not in 5 years. I go to watch WWE pay-per-view. At least 5 times a year. I haven't tried it any other time. There's always a good crowd for wrestling events. We have fun. O'Sullivans is large and has plenty of seats. Lots of TVs of various sizes. Bar is well-stocked. I love Black & Tans (Guinness and Bass). They don't sell Bass, so I settle for Smithwick's, a BlackSmith.  Good food selection. I typically don't experiment with food, I order what I know I'll like. Their meatloaf and shepherd's pie is great. Ribs are o.k. Nacho platter is loaded. Only problem that I've had, and this has happened on 3 different occasions, is waitress service. First time, during a period when there wasn't a lot of customers around me, I waited 20 minutes to be served. And that was after I notified the manager. He gave me a free drink. Second time, it took 10 minutes. A few weeks ago it happened again. It was very busy and I waited about 8 minutes. Plus waitress brought me the wrong sized drink.  I'll continue to go to R.T. O'Sullivans and report the status of their wait staff.
I watched the NCAA championship game here last night with a friend from out of town.  Couldn't believe how big this place is!  The atmosphere was nice; Irish Pub/Sports Bar-ish with TONS of TV's.  The sound system was pretty loud, but we went to watch the game so that was a plus, I'm sure they turn it down for regular dining.    They had Blue Moon on special, and I ordered the Fish & Chips for dinner.  (I ordered the half order and it came with two fish, fries and coleslaw.  Plenty for a girl who considers herself an eater!)  The staff was friendly and attentive, and the bill was reasonable.  The Shepard's Pie was my second choice for dinner, I think I'll make it my first choice for next time!    Gave it for stars because it met my expectation for a quality sports bar with great Irish food.  Had the atmosphere been a little more authentic, I'd have given it a 5 of 5 instead.  All in all, great place to grab some food and watch a game!
Lame-O! Many Nasties flock to this bar to... hang out ?  What is with this area of Glendale?!?  AT LEAST you can go with your own crowd of peeps and seclude yourself outside with a game of 'Bags' or 'Cornhole' or 'Beanbag Game.'
Great happy hour and daily specials. Try the chicken nachos. They are the best!  Wednesday nights starting at 7pm they have live trivia and you can win money. Bring a big group and it will be a great evening!
Absolutely love this place! Packed with TV's to watch any game or play some trivia. Daily Specials and Happy Hour so check there website. Saturday night is name that tune around 9 or 10. Always packed and everyone enjoys the shot specials.   Half of Appetizers during happy hour are a must, Chicken Wings are great, A plate full of potato skins are awesome, even the chicken basket or sliders are a sure bet as well. For an entree, check out sandwich night on thursdays, the Reuben or Atomic Chicken are tasty.   The best part about this place would have to be the service.  I've never had a bartender here that wasn't nice, attentive, and just downright cool to talk to. All the girls are awesome, Zena, Melissa, and Flo especially. Chris is always cool and on the ball with everything too.
At least RTO's shows the major boxing events!!!  Now that's my idea of a good sports bar...and RTO proved it last night for the Mayweather-Ortiz fight.   Great service from our server and all the cute gals who helped her, too.  They seem to work as a team there I noticed...nice touch and unusual, unfortunately.  Other bars need to take a lesson here.  We felt really taken care of--even tho it was just  us two mature ladies watching. The manager came around cause we were really early to collect $10 for the fight and give us a stamp on our hands.  Cool with us for sure! Now for the food:  My friend got some appetizer platter with probably 6 different kinds of foods from fried zucchini, chicken wings and other stuff ,which she didn't divulge what they were to me, because she was stuffing her face too fast and looked like she was loving every bite.  She did bring her head up enough to mumble something about the platter being dee-licious.  Hard to understand as she was stuffing it in constantly and consistently...and this was a big platter for one, too.  I'd say she was very happy with her choice..just guess'n, tho....but I'd say so. I had the well fixed monster burger (no bread) and a Caeser salad.  Still on that diet in my quest to be an old lady sex kitten you see?  Yeah, the burger is two huge patties with cheese and bacon on top, and was a whole pound of meat!!!  It took me awhile to chuck it down but I sacrificed (haha!) and did it eventually. Since I had ice tea and she had a beer, some gals from Miller Lite came in and when my friend declared that she had a Miller they gave her a free baseball cap or t-shirt.  Added bonus...and she seemed to enjoy the gifts, also. Great sports bar with good food and great service from some really adorable girls in shorts.  You young bucks need to visit this place for that if nothing else. We could see the match from a number of tv's and all were very clear, so watching the match--or look at the Bears game or another game if you wished--was easily seen from anywhere in the room. Puh-lease, RTO, keep showing boxing matches there.  We both enjoyed it so much we're making you our "official" boxing hangout!
I guess I didn't realize it was a sports bar that I was meeting guys at ( ie. only comments will be sports comments until gals come.) I also did not realize that when the boyfriend said to change at home out of my "other costume" after a monster mash and dash AZRR 5k, he did NOT mean for me to change into my purchased costume making me look like a baby prostitute. Needless to say, some impressionable young children watching the last world series game are in shock and I can never show my face to RTO's again. So long, no amounts of good hard cider could get this light weight drunk fast enough to block out the poor fried food and embarrasement.
Such a fun place Saturday's are too much fun here.
Well, we travel a lot for sporting events and love sports bars, especially Irish pubs.  We have been here once before and service was pretty good considering it was busy with the NFL crowd.  The food is pretty standard and the waitress attentive.  We visited this place again last night after a game and were shocked with the service.  The bar area was pretty much empty for Sunday Night Football but our waitress was unbelievably slow.  It took forever for our drinks & food to arrive and then the food was cold.  The waitress seemed to be tired, sleepy or who knows what but she definitely didn't want to be there. We had to get our own silverware & condiments, including drink refills at the bar.  Meanwhile, the waitress barely checked on us and walked away before we could reply.  Thank goodness for the girl bartending.  She seemed to realize what was going on and took care of us, including accepting our comments about her co-workers work ethic.  I don't know her name but she made a bad situation tolerable.  I won't be returning here anytime soon but I'm sure I will give it another go someday.  I'm hoping this was just an isolated occurrence.  I hope the waitress realizes that 'tips' are based on service & NOT guaranteed!
I used to enjoy coming here a few years ago,but it sure has changed.T hey blast awful music on fri and sat nights.all played by a clueless d.j. who only plays a cross between bad rap,techno,and whiney hipster music.they used to play a variety of rock,rap,alternative,classic rock, and rnb which was fine. The food is actually pretty good and they have .a great happy hour. I usually only come here on weekdays now,and it's always good on those days. Service is usually good,and they have$1 tacos on wednesday afternoons. Had excellent service by the bartender last time too. but i will never come on a weekend.they're trying to be a dance club now,and failing miserably. Nice outdoor patio though.
Great drink specials and daily food specials.  I always go on taco night!!  The bartenders remember you, and your drinks...and they are a pleasure to talk to!  Yes, I always have to play the crane machine - and damn I'm good!
We went to R.T. O'Sullivan's on a Saturday late afternoon--arriving at about 4:30 pm. Not crowded, plenty of seating and we found a table we liked.  We were hoping to find a terrific Irish Pub in our neighborhood, but didn't.  As a Sports Bar, this place is pretty good. Lots of big screen TVs, showing many different games and auto races on the day we came. Some of the tables have TVs of their own, so that could be a very useful thing!  Classic rock music from the 70s and 80s playing at an appropriate volume level in the background. We had no trouble conversing.  Having checked the menu on line, we ordered a Guinness and Kilt Lifter draft. Didn't have either. (Can a well-run Irish Pub really be out of Guinness?) Settled for a Blue Moon and Irish Red Amber. Former was good, as usual, the latter a little watery for my taste.  Terrific service throughout the visit. Server stopped by frequently to see if everything was OK and if we needed anything.  Tonight's special was $9.99 for three of the Irish dinners, so I ordered a Shepherd's Pie. Very disappointing, as the "mashed potatoes" on top were clearly made from flakes. Menu promised peas, carrots, and other vegetables inside. There were a few, but small pieces and not crunchy as I had hoped. No sides, but a couple of ordinary white-bread rolls--just as you might find at the grocery store. This dish disappointed, as I have had many better at many Irish Pubs in the area.  My companion ordered the Sligo burger, featuring BBQ bacon and jalapenos covered in cheddar cheese. The sandwich was the best of our dishes, juicy and tasty. Side of fries was OK, but just ordinary.  Many families at this hour. We sat in the lower portion, rather than the bar, and found the atmosphere pleasant. Restroom was what you would expect from a local bar--neither clean nor dirty.  We might go back to see a sporting event on TV, but not as a place to eat a meal.
This place is a great sports bar.  What I love is that it is never overly crowded and you don't have to wait forever on game day to get a seat.  They have the best nachos (they really know how to layer) and boneless chicken wings.  I also had great service every time I have gone there.  Plus, the beer prices can't be beat.
I went here for the first time last night and met up with my large party who were already there.  I couldn't believe that for our party of over 20 people, we were only given one server and needless to say, service was incredibly slow.  My husband and I ordered the spinach and artichoke dip for the appetizer.  It came with a generous portion of tortilla chips and about 8 garlic bread wedges but the actual dip came in this small cup, like a small ice cream cup.  For $9, I expected a lot more dip but it was still tasty nonetheless.  I definitely would not order it again knowing how small it is unless they lowered the price.  For entrees, my husband ordered the American Mac n Cheese (chicken and bacon) and I went for the Caesar salad with grilled chicken.  Husband very much enjoyed his dish and my salad was tasty as well.    Would I come back here for food?  Probably not.  Not with the kind of food they have and their prices.  For their bar, I might come back.  It wasn't anything to rave about but it wasn't bad either.
Hadn't been in a long time and was pleasantly suprised just how much better the food tasted since our last visit!
Great for watching sports but that's about it. The service is more than lacking. That's about it..Dont want to spend too much more time writing about it.
Good place to watch a game or a fight. Well today we watched a WWE PPV.lol. Lots of seeting but still busy enough. If anyone is a WWE fan you must come here.  Anyway I sat at the bar and had great service. I didn't catch the bartenders name but she was nice. Lots of TV's to watch anything you want.  I will totally be back for any WWE or UFC event!!!  Next time Ill order food so I can review their menus. The only beer I had was their Ranger IPA which I think is just an average IPA.  I wish they had more of a selection of local brews on tap.  I did see 2 beers from San Tan but they were not my favorite ones.    I will come back!
Came here the same night as a professional wrestling pay-per-view.  Lots of very enthusiastic fans.  The bartender offered excellent service, my cheese burger was okay (overcooked, but I expect that from most places), the beer was cold and there was a variety of sports on their televisions.  I will certainly be back if I'm ever in the neighborhood.
One of the things in life you can count on, no matter where you go, is an Irish pub.  And O'Sullivan's keeps the promise of plentiful beer choices, hearty pub fare, and Irish mainstays like corned beef.  Combined with good prices and plenty of TVs, they have consistently delivered a good lunch experience.
It's closed!!!
I'm updating my review for this place. It's really grown on me and is now my favorite bar off of bell road.   The bartender Chris is probably the nicest bartender I've ever met. A little tip about drinks.....Miller Lite aka my favorite domestic is always $3 from 8 to close. That's not advertised, so please thank me. Oh and they are the big boys, not the pint glasses.  I would give this place 5 stars, but every time I eat their chicken fingers, or pretty much anything here I have to drop a deuce in their bathroom (could just be my body's reaction to the oil they use to cook, idk). The food is really good or I'm a glutton for punishment. But the downside, the men's bathroom at least is always really hot, even in the summer. Like they cut off the air flow in there or something. Plus sometimes the slobs out in this world feel the need to piss on the floor or break a toilet, overflow it. So a deuce has to be dropped before 9 o'clock usually to ensure clean, uninterrupted status.   You know I like to facebook and read the news while I'm doing my business.    Other than that, this is NOW the BEST bar off of bell road. Sad to see a lot of bars come and go since 2007 when the economy took a nose dive. But this place seems to have made it through.   Chris and Z are my favorite bartenders. Some other quality good looking waitresses. The patio area is huge and nice for smokers, even though I'm not pretty much all my friends are so I'm always out there, plus the TVs are nice. The bar also opens up so you can order out there.    The DJ is horrible that plays name that tune, it's so loud, but oh well. Personally I'd prefer if they just used a video DJ. But then again I'm a nerd and I like to watch cool stuff like that when I'm drinking and pretending to listen to whomever is trying to talk to me.  Oh I forgot to add, the only other downside is the UFC nights which they charge a cover for. I hate covers and I really hate the UFC crowds. Thankfully as soon as the fights are over, that crowd usually quickly makes a move for the exit.   Thankfully.
While I wasn't the biggest fan of the Green Valley Ranch (from a tourist's point of view anyways, it's too far!) I really enjoyed the pub.   The have daily happy hour specials, like $7 Guiness and Jameson or $2 Stellas, and they have Smithwick's and Hard Cider for about $4 each, which is one of the better deals I found in Vegas.   The decor is nice and dark, and the bartenders are awesome. Quick with the drinks and up for a friendly conversation if you find yourself alone at the bar while your companion throws money away on blinking machines.
Beer pong.. Yes I know you can play it on the strip at O'Sheas or something, but playing it here just seems more *sanitary* if that makes sense. The tables are always empty, and the bartenders are pretty friendly and will give you new cups, and even cups filled with seltzer water to clean your ping pong balls with.  Budlight $11 a pitcher, or you can upgrade to Stella for $15 a pitcher (yup we got crap for playing beer pong with Stella.. whatever we wanted to!)  So the clientele at GVR is a bit well... old. We definitely get stares when we play beer pong, but that's half the fun.
Good drinks, atmosphere and Darby O'Gill and the Little People are just about the best irish band you will ever see!
We came in here for a couple of drinks after a Monday night football game. For a Monday night it was really dead. I don't think this place is used to seeing so many asian people in their bar. We were even carded twice!  They've got some beer pong tables out front and the bar tender seemed pretty friendly. All the tables and chairs are really high. I'm not really quite sure why that is. So for a short person like me, it was easier for me to just stand and talk to people. The prices for drinks are reasonable, anywhere from $5 to $8 or so. I found the place kind of boring though.
ONE glass of White Wine and ONE Club Soda...$14.  Fourteen...bucks.... not even so much as a SMILE or direct eye contact from the Bartender. Not even a "you're welcome" after I said thanks.  Hideously evil.
Absolutely one of my favorite pubs in the entire Las Vegas valley.  I love a good cider or black velvet and can always count on them to have both pear and apple cider on tap.  The staff is extremely pleasant and on their game.  There are always fun activities happening throughout the week and they maintain a very welcoming atmosphere.  My only draw back is I wish they served food too.
I use to come here when it was Fado's and decided to give it a try again on Friday night.  Basically the place is a different beast from Fado.   I would say that it more falls into a sports bar category these days then an irish pub but still with a great selection of beers.  The beer pong tables are a blast when you have a group of 4 or more and this last weekend they had a great 80's band playing.  We had a group over 40 people with us and they allowed us to bring in our own take out from the food court.  No one had to wait long for drinks and by the end of the night everyone was having a a blast. If you haven't been or it's been awhile then this place is worth having a second look at.
i haven't tried the food, but i've definitely tried the beeeer and the pong!!  beer pong here is always gooooood fun!  they have about five beer pong tables, and everytime i've been here, i've never had to wait for a table.  i highly recommend this place for a good time, affordable night-out, off-the-strip  fun and a low-key, dress comfortable atmosphere.  all you need is friends, pitchers and balls!  go during happy hour...... :)
Great local pub!  Thursday - Saturdays are your biggest nights.  They offer beer pong every day too which is awesome.  Lots of beer on tap and they offer live music on several nights of the week.  I didn't have the food so I can't review that, but the bartenders were very friendly and I love the atmosphere.  Definitely a place to go check out!
The home of Darby O'Gill and the Little People.  The best local band in Vegas.  Only 4 stars because you have to walk through the douchebags playing beer pong before you get to the stage where Darby plays.
Quinn's on a Monday night was absolutely dead.  Heavy metal music didn't seem to fit with the Irish Pub theme.  On top of that the food was pretty bad.
I've only ever been here on Wednesday night for karaoke, so I can only speak for Wednesday nights. I enjoy it myself; it's not horribly crowded and I'm a karaoke nut, so there you go. They also have beer pong.  What I do enjoy about this place come Wednesday is for a mere $20 you can have all you can drink draughts, which is awesome. Karaoke goes from 7 - 11 (or later) and it's good. Service is always very good here. All in all, I'd say check it out. It's a nice pub, great beer, and all you can drink on Wednesday. EDIT -  I have recently discovered Quinn's DOES in fact offer food. It's traditional Irish fare, and can't say I've tried much of it. The shepherd's pie is very good though.
We had a great time listening to a fun Irish Band, Darby O'Gill and the Little People.  Great songs, they take requests and they had just enough crass that made it very fun to watch them heckle the odd balls in the joint (there were a few nut jobs!).  Beer was cheep and we bought it by the pitcher. My friend and I went in the midst of a mellow evening in Vegas and this place lperked us both up!
Same bar, different name, This is the spot in GVR that used to be McFadden's way back when. Nothing particularly unique about it - it's an Irish pub. It's definitely a fun place to stop for a beer. It can get quite crowded, but it's never a type of crowded that gets annoying. And clearly I missed out on the beer pong. Will most definitely be looking into that next time I stop by here.
Quinn's is a straight up bar. Drinking and conversation are the primary concerns for those who visit. Food definitely takes a back seat compared to other Irish pubs. With a limited selection that is primarily fried or heavier fare, this might be hard for the cautious eater. All items come in to go containers delivered from Terra Verde due to smoking. The Bangers and Mash ($8) was a generous portion coming with three sausages lying on heaps of mashed potatoes. The potatoes were thick with cream and butter, a gluttonous treat for anyone who loves hearty food. The order of homemade chips and zesty dip ($5) was hot out of the fryer and plentiful. It takes about 30-40 minutes for the food to be called in and delivered, but the food is worth waiting for.  The beers were cheap when we came in around 6:30-7:00. Expecting to pay $5 or more for a beer, it was a pleasant surprise that they were only $3.   The lower rating is because our waitress was disinterested in us after she realized that only one of us were drinking. Not coming by to check up on us and then looking for her to get the check took quite some time. By the end, we both wanted out of there.
This bar is Green Valley Ranch towards the back near the food court. I like going here on Saturday night because all their import draft beers are 3 dollars. They have an Irish band play all kinds of covers and usually there are people in the bar. They also have beer pong if that is a game you play.  I go for the music and great prices on beer.  Most people are friendly in the bar, but the band really ties it together.
Very solid 4 Stars.   I went on a Saturday night after a beer festival. The place was packed. If there was ever a race for pouring beers I think the bartenders here would win. They were cranking out the Guinness, Harp and more... I had to wait a bit for a beer - but if it is busy and the bartenders are working hard it is ok.   It is pretty much a fake Irish bar, but we are in Las Vegas so they came pretty close I guess.   The Band on Saturday night really makes this place. They really have a good sound! Next time I am buying the band a round of beers for a job well done!! With out the band this place would be pedestrian.   There is something I don't get though... is the beer pong? I don't know why people play and I don't know why a bar owner would facilitate this?   First of all - I would rather just play ping pong. I could drink at my own leisure and NOT drink out of plastic cups with flat beer that has had a disgusting ping pong ball in it. The ball bounces on the floor and people pick up the ball with their disgusting hands and then the ball is WASHED off in the cup of beer! I have been in a number of mens bathrooms and I can tell you there is an alarming amount of men who do NOT wash their hands after touching their johnson!   To the owners of QUINS. Why would you have beer pong on a Saturday night when you have a great band playing live music??? Maybe on a Wednesday night when you need to draw some people - but a Saturday night??? It's annoying.   BTW - I am not uptight about germs. I simply avoid activities to limit my exposure to meningitis and other undesirable bacterial infections.
A bar with Beer Pong tables ready to play.  NICE.  Also the cheapest drink specials in the Green Valley Ranch resort, beware that it will get smokey at times, which I had to get used to since Chicago is smoke free, but it's Vegas, what do you expect.
Did someone set off a smoke bomb in here??? Wow.  So, yes, I have an aversion to cigarette smoke and it doesn't get much worse than this little Irish Pub. It's like walking into a fog of stink and impending doom. I hate it. I went to meet a group of friends for the weekly Pub Quiz gathering on Tuesday night. I arrived about 10 minutes till 7:00 and it didn't seem so bad in here. Apparently that's a farce and all of the smoking pub quizzers arrive right on time. By 7:00 this place was disgusting. I won't be back and the smoke is the only reason.  I gave this place an extra star because the Pub Quiz was loads of fun. Darby, from the band Darby O'Gill and the Little People, and Skinny Matt do a great job with this Pub Quiz. Darby is the MC and Matt takes care of the other quiz stuff, passing out the picture round and whatnot. If you can get past the atmosphere, which I clearly can't, it's truly a good time.   Don't expect to get good service unless you want to stand at the bar all night. During Pub Quiz this place is packed and they have one waitress working. We ordered a pitcher to start with and it was empty for a good 15-20 minutes before she came back to offer us another round. It's not as though she was ignoring us but there were a hundred people to serve and she didn't stop the whole time. Unless you like to nurse your pint all night for fear you won't get another and you have a hankering for some second-hand smoke, find a different pub.
This is a great local spot to land for a night of drunken shenanigans and celebration.  On weekends, there are usually great bands playing.  One of my favorites is Darby O'Gill and the Little People.  They are funny and play great Irish inspired music and Irish twists on current songs.  The drinks are cheap and the service is always friendly and relatively quick.  The only knock on this place is some nights they have beer pong which attracts hipster, lifted truck, macho, bro, douchbags.  Other than that, I have no beef hanging out here on weekends!
Tonight I came to meet buddies out for a few drinks.  Heck, I find myself here a lot more than I would like to admit because the place is so close to work and I have a lot of friends who prefer this place.  Here's what I know from my experiences:  DRINKS: I don't quite know the daily specials to a T, however, tonight the specials were $5 Pabst Blue Ribbon pitchers, $10 Bud Light and Michelob Ultra Pitchers and $15 for any other pitchers (beer on tap only).  I chose the PBR for $5.  My bartender was Mike and although he was really huge and "scary looking," was actually pleasant and very efficient.   AMBIANCE: This bar is an Irish Pub.  There's lots of wood and lots of old vintage Irish themed decor such as Irish themed signs, and a huge glass cabinet containing lots of Irish trinckets and knick knacks.  Along with the live band on weekends, there are a lot of TVs with different games going on.  There's also about 6-8 beer pong tables, which seems to be the most popular thing amongst the people.  All in all, it's a popular place.  Lot's of drunk people on a daily basis which means they're doing something right!  It's hard for me to give them a high score, because this town is filled with pubs and bars which I think have an ambiance that I love more.  This place is not stellar to me.  It's also not bad at all.  Like my rating, it's just A-OK.
Always a good time. I enjoy Quinn's on the quieter nights. Sunday's being my fav. to hang with Max & Danny, almost all locals & regulars & ALWAYS interesting conversation.   This was the first Irish Pub I steeped foot in, in my hood, when I moved to Vegas 2 years ago,  & I was hesitant because it was inside a casino. It doesn't feel that way at all, Quinn's is my "Cheers"
Quinn's is my go to Irish pub.  Drinks are more than affordable, sometimes they are outright cheap (lots of good deals).  Great entertainment many nights including karaoke on Wednesdays (chill and fun) and the one and only Darby O'Gill band on Saturdays make this a frequent stop for me.
I came here tonight with some friends to see Speed, a classic rock cover band that plays here on Friday nights. Awesome drinks, great atmosphere, and very reasonable prices! I'm docking one star for our waitress Raquel because when she brought me my change she had the audacity to say, "Oh I owe you $1 but I figured you'd want to tip me." Very rude and arrogant! I'm a hospitality management major and one thing I have learned is that you should never ever assume that you are going to get tipped. If it hasn't been for her being our waitress this would have been a 5 star review.
Quinn's is a quick, easy spot to drop in for a beer or a drink pre- or post-movie at the GVR Regal or on your way home from work (those who live in Hendo). The bartenders are nice and efficient. Don't expect a wine list or to be able to get anything too frou-frou here; if you want all that noise, head across to the Drop Bar (and pay a lot more while you're at it). Karaoke night is amusing and the night Darby plays live are always fun. One of the better off-strip casino bars out there that's not trying to be a lounge. They don't serve food, but they don't mind if you bring in your own from the nearby food court.
I work in the district so I always end up at Quinn's every once an while with coworkers.  I love this place!  I can't get enough of it.  They always have a band playing and the audio is usually terrible.  That's what give this Irish pub character.  It's a pretty small bar that is divided into 2 sections, which is kind of weird.  They sometimes have beer pong tournament out in the front open area.  Let me tell you why I always end up here.  Are you ready?  I don't think you are ready?  OK, I will tell you.  The BEER!  Quinn's has stone IPA on tap.  You can partake in this delicious beer for only $3!  That's a great deal.  They also have boddingtons on tap.  This is a pub ale.  If you have had the can; you are missing out. It tastes much better on tap.  The overall atmosphere is great too.  The crowd tends to be pretty eclectic as you are mixing tourists and locals.  If you are green valley ranch then you have to check this pub out mate.  Oh and be careful, the last time I was here I don't remember what time I left and took a cab home.  Cheers!
Bartenders were fantastic and the $3 beers were great too.
Good cheap beer, cute but slightly crowded atmosphere but Darby O'Gill and the Little People make up for it with their fun Irish music. They are the main reason why I go to Quinn's, but it is still a cute little pub and a great hang out spot with friends.
Nice little pub in GVR. Only had drinks, but it was good service
This is a nice pub with a relaxed feel inside GVR.  We were playing slots and wanted to sit and have a drink. So we decided to go to Quinn's, grab a beer, and play some video poker.  The drink prices were extremely reasonable.  It seemed like they also have great specials at happy hour.  The place was comfortable with plenty of table seating.  To the right of the bar is a section with more tables and where I think the live bands play.  The band starts at 10 on Saturdays so we missed them.  The bartenders are friendly and service is on point.  Will definitely come back in for a drink when I'm in GVR.
I love this place! Cold beer, relaxed Irish pub feeling and great entertainment. I have on rare occasion seen a cocktail waitress working but we usually go to see a live band and just our drinks from the bar.
Absolutely love this pub. Service has always been great, beer just right. Expect a crowd on the weekend and holidays when there is live music. Mostly a college crowd and beer pong and such. Don't forget to tip Max with the beard, he's awesome.
We went to Quinn's on a Thursday night for a beer after eating dinner at Terra Verde.  I didn't experience the smoke issue that other yelpers have mentioned.  There are plenty of places to sit, and the booths on the outer wall.  We sat in one of these, and found it very comfortable.  There was a pretty good beer selection, and I was very pleased to find that pints at $4.00, even Guinness.  Service was quick and the bartender was friendly.  Even though we didn't see a food menu, we saw more than one table bring food over from the food court.  We enjoyed Quinn's, it's a comfortable joint to get a beer.
Atmosphere is good. Stiff prices are expected from a casino bar. Minus one star for being unable to be a truly regular local hang out.
Sad it's gone
I really, really wanted to give a 5 star! What I love is the Irish pub feel, the band on Friday nights!!!  And the great handsome bartenders. What brought this score down to a 3 is the fact that the waitresses are horrible and if you are female you might as well be the designated driver. The waitress (happened twice now and not just to me) they will charge you for other people's drinks. I drink Crown on the rocks,  Fireball on ice, wine and I'm very picky about my beer. I don't drink weird shots,  Jack and diet, or Guiness!! But I was unfortunately charged for it, I told the waitress and she said she would fix it and be back, she had me sign another slip with my drinks only and said she voided my first transaction. I thought,  cool just a little mistake, no biggie until the following Tuesday when all transactions clear the bank that I not only was charged for the first transaction,  I was charged for the second as well. I love this place, but please cash out with every drink! The bar, male bartenders and great Friday night bands are a 5 star and this is still one if my favorite places to go. I just order my drinks directly from the bar and cash out every time now.
They've increased the pints from $3 to $4 but it's still a great place to kick back and drink some beer.
Lovin' the new pub!  I've been there three times in the last couple of weeks and have to admit that I'm hooked. Where else can you get Strongbow on tap, and The Pogues, Dropkick Murphy, The Tossers, and Flogging Molly on the box?!! The food isn't half bad either!  They have a phenomenol HH with apps at half off and drink specials that actually make it reasonable. My first trip came in at $25 for three apps and 4 pints. We sampled the wings, some weird little sausage rolls, and the corned beef and cabbage taquitos (which I must say were quite tasty in a really unexpected way). The best part was that Donelle (ask for her if you are there), lined me up with the second pints 2 minutes before the prices went up to save me a little moola!  They have live music three or four nights a week, pub trivia when there is no band and sunday afternoons they do Seisiun (think fraggle rock with Irish or celtic instruments). Check out their website for details shows http://www.timfinnegans.com/index.htm  This place is comfortable, way not pretentious, and may just be my new home away from home!  Slainte  : )
Being a "First to Review" whore, I convinced Hubby we needed to try the pub with the huge "now open" sign on our way out of Metro Center. Donna D. beat me to the punch, but we are very glad we went anyway. The interior is full of dark woods, with framed pictures, metal and mirrored beer ad signs, a mural, and antique instruments on the wall. The music was great, from The Smiths, REM, and STP to the Red Hot Chili Peppers. A band was setting up as we were leaving. It was quite busy, but we were still able to get a table right away at 9:00 on a Friday night. However, by the time we left, there were no tables to be had and the outside smoking tables were also completely crowded. The customers were totally eclectic, from older very well dressed Scottsdale types to skinheads.   The drink menu seemed pretty standard, with Scotches, Irish whiskeys, bottled and tap beer. The menu was not huge, but let's hope that they do all the food as well as our dinner selections. They made a grand claim that they served the only authentic Shepherd's Pie in Arizona, and Hubby just had to see if they were full of it. Soon he was full of the best shepherd's pie he said he's ever had, made with lamb and champs. I had the fish and chips. The fish was not quite Rosie McCaffrey's and the chips were not quite as good as Rula Bula's, but it was all very very good. The piece of fish was about 12x5" and super crispy, and the chips were potato wedges, well-seasoned and tasty. The tartar sauce was unusually tangy (and delicious) , but the cole slaw was served in a ramekin so small that it fit about a tablespoon's worth, but that turned out to be OK, since it was virtually tasteless. There were also burgers, sandwiches, cottage pie, and flat iron steaks on the menu, and a ridiculous sounding bread and butter pudding for dessert that we will be back to try (they were already out when we asked for it).  It was great to see a brand new place doing so well already, and Tim's will likely end up in our regular rotation of favorites.  UPDATE: We returned and had another good meal, and we noticed that a few things with my fish dinner had changed- less breading, more flavor in the coleslaw (mustard?), but the "chips" were a little soggy this time. We also got to try the bread and butter pudding. I'm not sure what to say about it- it's strange, for sure. A hot rectangle of cripsy on the outside and almost slimy on the inside bread pudding with a few pockets of raisins and a two note taste: hella sweet and bourbon. It was heart-stopping rich. The whole plate was drizzled with a slightly sweet thick butter sauce. It definitely  needed something else- maybe a little cinnamon.
I tried this place a few weeks back and have been meaning to get to the review.  I couldn't manage to get anyone to go out and have a few pints with me, but you know what? I have no problem drinking alone so I went anyhow.  The place is pretty large for the cozy pub feel that it has. The music was great, though I agree the soud system needs some work. It is hard to hear from the actual bar, though maybe this is on purpose.   They have a good sized patio for us smokers and you are allowed to take your drinks with you. Thank god.  They claim the only real shepphards pie in Arizona, so I had to try it and it was fantastic, though the real star was the brown bread they served with it. They bake it fresh on site and it is amazingly good.  Most of the wait staff had Irish accents. How can you not enjoy the charm in an Irishman serving you a beer. The owner was even making rounds introducing himself and he was a standup guy.  I haven't made it back yet but it is definately in the stars.
Taking my Irish partner out to the pub should be a gesture of pure love. Finding an authentic pub near home should be a joy of epic proportions. Our visit to Tim Finnegans was disappointing. We seem to have difficulty getting attention in places we visit. Here again was a place we had to seat ourselves, get our own menu's, help ourself to silverware all while the place wasn't busy. We sat and when we did get a server she was incompetent. We tried to order food and drinks, but she left the table before we could finish.  We  got our drinks delivered by another server and asked for the appetizer from her. Then we just sat and watched the game on the screen. We watched our original girl take two other tables orders. Out came the appetizer and when it was completely gone, she came over to take our dinner order.  The food: The chips and and curry appetizer was quite tasty, the curry sauce should be thicker to coat the chips more, and it could add some spice, but I thought it was a very novel item. The signature Lamb Shepherd's pie was very disappointing. You can substitute the L with an Sp and drop the silent B and get a better description of it's content. Hormel would be proud. The champ potatoes on top would be better replaced with pastry. My partner's corned beef and cabbage was decent. However the Corned beef was cut in narrow slivers and the meat was bloated with water. On the other hand the cabbage and parsley was very good. The potatoes were the same as atop the pie, they stood up better on a plate. We ordered the bread pudding and thought that the exterior was fabulous, the interior a bit too slimy and the whiskey/bourbon sauce, lacking in flavor or sweetness with a consistency that unnerved. I do not want to use an unsavory term for the consistency of that sauce, but it needs much more sweetening regardless. Take the sauce from Rula Bula and put it on the bread and you'd be much happier indeed! Over all the decor is nice, the place could have a good ambiance especially if they were playing Irish music, they weren't. It was some modern rock station. The check came before the dessert was gone and, well I guess we were done.  Sigh. This really could have been a better experience.
Went for lunch today and had the Shepherd's pie. A co-worker had the peppercorn burger and it looked so fancy with an onion ring and pickle skewered on top.  The ambiance was more than I expected! Reserving stars until I get to go back for live music and drinks... stay tuned... the music line up is pretty impressive!
Went back to listen to Shay Veno perform. What a great place to hang out in the neighborhood! (although the music started about 45 minutes later than was advertised, which wouldn't be AS big of a deal if it wasn't a weeknight...)  BTW, the corned beef and cabbage taquitos are really good!!   Definitely worth keeping an eye on this place...  I plan to go again...
Fecking Great.      Update:  Went for lunch:   This time I thought the corned beef taquitos even  better than last, curry chips tad saltier.  Still loving the appetizers and the cider.  This time had the  cottage pie,  it's  really nothing to write home about, specially if you are from the region and your parent's wouldn't appreciate you seeing other cottage pies;)    Spend the extra on the sheperds  it's really much better.   This was ok , really really nothing special and the heat could have been better.   Service  is good, but pedestrian , the last time I had no time pressure, this time I did.     We're sitting at 3.5 - 3.75 now with the round up till 4. Still  I'll return    Original Review:  First thanks to Julie P for pointing out that this place exists. That it's within stumbling distance of the house ( think prolonged zombie stumble over an hour  versus a quick trip and recover)  is even better.  Cider on tap is Strongbow and you get it in a real pint., Yay.  Sadly that's all they have and there's no bottled ones to try ,  Strongbow is  the Bud of UK ciders and while it's way better than no cider or what passes for beer here it's not that hard to stock more of a common drink for a themed bar.   Onto the Food  (I'll get to it as a venue some other time)   Appetizers.  Curry and chips was exactly what it should have been  and a generation of Irish and UK kids have  grown up with this for lunch  at the local chip shop.      The  corned beef and cabbage taquitos  I think  are moving up to be our #1 appetizer that's not a hot wing. Taste of these  and the hot mustart / tomatillo salsa on the base compliment each other nicely. Not heavy on the fat and delightfully  crunchy.  For once an Irish restaurant trying to do something other than name US staples with cute regional names.   Main: Salad   and the sheperd's pie. Let's not get into the salad it's a waste of time reviewing vegetables.  The pie is pretty good and none of the flavours overwhelm each other. Not sure the champ ( mashed potatos ) atop them live up to what lies below but it's more a personal texture issue than it spoiled the overall dish.    Bread and Butter pudding is really good but please if you have any trouble sleeping after reading nutrition sheets as to the fat and carb content of your meal DON'T just  eat it and run round the  block four times before getting back in the car.   Oddity?    parsley flakes on all the plates to make it green , please just buy green speckled plates , it's classier:D  At the end got a coupon for 25% off the next bill which I will certainly take them up on. It's as good  for food as any of the valley's Irish bars ( better imho)  but have to get back on pub quiz night  to really know.  Were in too early to hear the band but you can look at the pa, the space and  know it's going to sound  bad ( place looks like standing wave city)  with anything electric and full drum set.     The jukebox played "i'm too sexy " by Right said fred  WTF that really  messed up the ambience.Country bars don't have NIN on the box after all.
the food here is great. but the service leaves something to be desired.  we called ahead with a party of 10 at noon on a sunday -- they said it would be no problem. when we got there, there was one server on the floor and she apparently couldn't keep up. we got our own silverware, condiments and refills.   when we expressed displeasure to the owner, he told us the server was overworked -- but he wasn't all that polite about it. (and anyway, isn't that his fault?) it should also be noted that he was behind the sparsely-seated bar the entire time and didn't seem to be helping her at all. he apologized and put in an order for free dessert. we weren't in the mood to sit there longer -- we had already been there for two hours -- so when we passed on dessert, the owner got pissy. i would have called someone else to complain, but there isn't  much you can do when even the owner is rude to you.  anyway. go for the food, but consider getting it to go.
I'll score Tim Finnegans "the old 3-stars."  I stopped here with a coworker and we both had the Fish & Chips lunch special.  Having had great fish & chips (which should be made with haddock, not cod) I never expect more than 3 star fish & chips from most places and all the more so in Phoenix for an 8.99 lunch special.  So with that as a standard I got what I expected.  Fairly good fish & chips.  It was a good size slab of cod and the batter was just heavier than a light batter.  The fish was flaky and tender, not a bit overdone.  Phew.  So often it's overdone.  An Irish pub should be able to nail fish & chips.  If not, just shut her down.  The chips were thick cut and skin on, very good.  They came already salted and seasoned lightly.  When they are being served up with fish and you might use malt vinegar perhaps they should forgo the normal seasonings.  The atmosphere here was nice, dark and cozy.  Pretty much dead at lunch time but I imagine they are full on the weekend.  If not, they have a problem.  There is a stage and they advertise various events with live music, trivia and other such shenanigans.
They added too much to their menu, and they're overwhelmed. They also got rid of their good lunch specials. So, go here for the drinks and the atmosphere.  Hopefully the management is only doing this temporarily. Because I miss their $5 lunch specials. They're not so popular yet as to scrape those, add a dozen items to the menu, and call it quits. Their kitchen can't handle it.  So, eat beforehand and come up. The drinks are still good, until they raise the prices of those too.  Edit: Spoke too soon. I just went to their website and noticed they changed their "$3 Smithwicks Every day All Day" to the far inferior Carlsberg for $3 whatever, whatever. Oh, it's sad to see such potential beginning to tank so soon. Service has dropped, quality of food has dropped, and now they really are already raising their drink prices. Shame.
if you're looking for an authentic irish pub, this is it. this looks like it was brought over from ireland. the bar is really nice and the entire place is cool. they also have a live band during happy hour! that's a big plus for me to beable to listen to a band before 5.  during happy hour, which they have 7 days a week, all appetizers are half off. they have lots of good appetizers. if you order off the menu besides appetizers, the food is very good. the corned beef and cabbage is great with huge portions. i've been here multiple times and all the portions are large, great flavor, and it's a big plus to get the appetizers half off. there are plenty of plasmas in the dining area and bar to catch a game. they also have a band on friday nights. not sure about saturday. i think as far as atmosphere, it's very cool and you feel like you're in ireland.
i dropped in here with a group of friends one night after an epic round of mini golf & mini shooters. my devilsh idea of mixing mini golf with pockets full of 50ml shooters. fun was had. well pre-Tim Finnegans that is.  this place was not nearly as cool as Rosie McCaffrey's was when it first opened. so i'm sure this place will start A-OK and just get worse. the Douchery level at McCaffrey's is pretty thick now, so i expect the same of Tim Finnegan's in the near future.  food was decent to good, price was average.
What a great pub!  Tim's has a great atmosphere, a good selection of beers and amazing food.  Every time we go we've always had great service.
Great service, decent Irish grub that makes you want to drink more Guinness, authentic pub atmosphere and live music certain nights.    The Shepherd's Pie ($12.99) that is so proudly highlighted in the menu missed the mark.  Having lived in London, we're a big fan of the dish and were excited to see that TF uses the more traditional minced lamb and not beef.  However, the meat was overpowered by way too much dried rosemary leaves.  The brown bread that accompanied it was the highlight, followed by the mashed potatoes and finally the lamb.  This is a good place to hang out over a couple of pints while the food comes second.
running into Tommy tonight was awesome. after the first time here i wasn't sure if it was the place he opened, but now its confirmed it is. and i'm happy to support any establesment that Tommy is behind, because he is one good guy. from my converstaion i assertained that every bartender is Irish born, which from our conversation is unique to Tim FInnegans. hats off to that. if i could find a swedish bar with 100% swed born bartenders i would be into that. but lets face it, the sweds arent exactly known for their beer or whiskey. so it is what it is.  i wish Tommy the best with his place and hope nothing but the best for him. the Yelp party was a great success. i'll drop in more if i'm in the area.   i hope the Douchery doesn't infest this place as i previously predicted. Tommy assured me it wasn't the clientel he was looking for. so i'm crossing my fingers.
I have driven past this place many a time and wanted to stop in, but something always got in my way.  Well, tonight was a special night and I finally got my chance to check out Tim Finnegans.   As I walked through the bright red door I was hit with the authentic Irish smell of salty fish, not over powering, but just like I pulled into port.   When I look around the bar I feel like I'm in an Irish antique shop, there is an old fashioned metal bike hanging on the wall with very old metal signage. It definitely has a neighborhood feel for me. This palce just gives off really good vibes to me. I would imagine that this is what an authentic Irish pub is like in Ireland.  The set up of the bar is very accommodating, they have a section that is lower than the regular bar which I assume is for little people and people in wheelchairs; and any place that is considerate of all their customers earns rave reiews in my book.  The LIVE music was great and a real treat. I like that they do this more than twice a week.   I intereacted with two bartenders and four waitresses that night and I have to say everyone was very friendly and on the ball.  I'm definitely going back. If anything changes, believe me, you'll be the first to know!
I really love this place!  Yes it is in a strip mall-what isn't?  But, when I was sitting inside listening to the great live music and drinking my Guinness I felt like I was back in Michigan or somewhere back East where old school Irish pubs and hole-in-the-wall bars are much more prevalent than trendy clubs and lounges.   Great service!  The place is huge and has your general bar food and full bar. I have yet to try anything besides their beer but I am sure I will be back in the future!
Tim Finnegan's is the best Irish Pub and hands down the best bar in the area.   They have the typical selection of pub drafts that you'd expect, and they are never overpriced for a good Irish Whiskey or mixed drink.  The food is amazing, always ask what the soup is. Paul, the head chef, will whip up some amazing soups that have to be tried. I love the shepherd's pie and the Reuben, and if you like hot wings, they are pretty darn good. Having tried them all though I can honestly say every single entree is delicious, and the bread pudding is not to be missed!  The service is solid, and everyone there is friendly and will learn your name after you've been there a few times.  Tuesday pub trivia is a blast, and the live music on the weekends is always great. I have yet to find a bar withing 15 miles of Tim Finn's that will keep me coming back like this place does!
Finally back in Phoenix with the hubby for a week or two and I have to drive up north to visit with a friend in from Buffalo to talk about networking and marketing. I need some dinner and a beer before I head to my little schmoozefest and remember that the recent Yelp Elite event (that I missed because I was out of town) was held at this place.   We find Tim Finnegans and decide that we want to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful night air after my month in the frigid northeast.  We walked in to get menus and I noticed that the place seemed huge, but I walked through and went outside so I didn't get to see much.  Outside there are numerous shiny new wooden tables with benches at which to sit.  Our waitress meets us outside and quickly takes our drink orders.  We peruse the menu for our choices, and by the time she comes back are ready to order.  We chose chicken wings as an appetizer, because that's how we roll.  The wings were meaty and pretty good.  If I were reviewing only them, I would probably give them 3.5 stars.  No Franks, but the sauce was a good combination of hot and vinegary.  They could have been a little crispier.  I ordered the Shepherds Pie, which claims to be the only authentic pie in the valley.  I'm not sure what makes it authentic, but my guess is the lamb.  I've never seen it offered as a lamb dish before.  Unfortunately, I was too full from the wings and couldn't take more than a few bites.  I'll eat the leftovers later, because from what I tasted this meat and potato dish was pretty yummy.  I'd give the whole restaurant 3.5 stars and round it up to 4 for the willingness of the owners to open an original restaurant in the land of chains.  I would definitely go back and try it again if I have time while I'm here.
Tim Finnegan's is a badass Irish pub & probably my first choice to grab some beers in the Ghetro-center area. If you're looking to go there for drinks & entertainment, then you'll have a good time. 4 or 5 stars for the pub environment.  For vegetarians, this place gets 2 stars for the food. For non-vegetarians, my fellow diners also have not been impressed with the food.  So to summarize: eat elsewhere and then head to Tim Finnegan's for drinks & entertainment.
They just updated their menu and it's good! They have a better variety of entrees now and all the new ones I've tried are pretty darn good. They also swapped out Strong Bow for Magner's Irish Cider and the Stella for Guinness 250 which is awesome.
So the boy and I wanted a Sunday afternoon drink, near his place. We stopped by Tim Finnegans.  From the outside, in a strip mall, this place looks like a dive bar, but the inside isn't, at all. It was very nice/typical pub decor. There was a traditional irish band playing in a circle, in the corner. It was nice. The drinks were slightly overpriced, but they have strongbow and smithwicks on tap. I looked over the menu and there wasn't too many vegetarian options. We ordered the curry chips, which were awesome [think fries with a spicy curry dipping sauce]! The authentically irish bartender turned off the soccer game and turned on the tour de france when we asked, which was nice. Overall, I am just not a fan of "themed bars", unless the theme is "dive."  However, I'll be back for another mid-Sunday afternoon drink.
I thought I had made quite the discovery while mini golfing last night when I saw that whatever crab house/fish tacos place here had gone under and been converted into an irish pub. Turns out there was that yelp event here. Well regardless I knew a couple of brews here would be the perfect accompaniment to the flask of scotch I took down at Castles n' Coasters.  I saw they feature 3 dollar Carlsberg's on tap and thought I was falling in love. Until they came. What is going on with the tapped beer here? I tried a Harp too, to see if it was just the Carlsberg, but both were strangely lacking their hearty flavor. I can't put my finger on it, because they weren't flat, but it was the poorest Carlsberg and Harp I ever had on tap. It also didn't help matters that the potato skins we ordered couldn't even stack up against Applebee's.  At least the had an "Irish" band playing. I could tell because my ears started to bleed green and orange. Is that supposed to happen? I don't think so, especially since half of the songs they played sounded more like they were from the band in the Swayze classic "Roadhouse" then befitting an Irish pub. Part of the problem just looks to be the natural acoustics of the space, but someone really needs to tell the house band that just because you can play loud enough to permanently make the entire pub crowd lose their ability to hear a violin, doesn't mean you should. They need to be able to play to the venue they have.  Timmy's also features a cast of entertaining, yet depressing characters, mostly of the mid-life crisis variety. There is Jig By the Server's Station with Your Heels Off Until Your Boob Falls Out Girl. We also got to see Take of Your Jive Hat So you Can Lick the Boobs of a Cardboard Cutout Beer Model Advertisement Guy. There was a brief cameo of I'm Gonna Wear My Gears of War Hoddie AND Hat Out Wherever I Feel Like to Make it Painfully Obvious How Much I Hate Human Interaction and Want To Get Home to Some Multiplayer Action Guy. There was the Sit as Close as Possible to the Band and Shout "Chug!Chug!Chug!" at Every Break Crowd. And of course who can ignore Lonely Guy Who Incessantly Claps at the Bar to Every Irish Anthem Played.  I have to give the place 3 stars for effort though, and for providing an escape in the metro center area that badly needed a dependable bar other then Applebee's. Even if the potato skins suck. At least I can now get blind stupid drunk for mini-golf. UYE?
Just got back from lunch.  Went to go watch the UEFA Champions League games and get a bite.  Had the mussels and leaks and wow amazing.  Wish I could have drank some of the great beers of the world on tap.  Especially the 250 anniversary Guinness for $2.50 a pint yes I typed that right $2.50 a pint.    Great spot to eat and have drinks or in my case a great place to enjoy the game and have a bite.
So we were out doing our shopping and strayed a bit too far out of the CenPho region and ended up in gang-land.  Decided we should stop and eat somewhere that didn't end in "iro's" which meant we were limited to a chain or Tim Finnegans.  The place is pretty scary dark which makes for a very typical pub-like atmosphere.  They were jammin out some loud ass irish music in the back room which made the place almost impossible to talk in.  It was actually really annoying and I would have appreciated them shutting the hell up at any point during our hour there.  They had a bunch of thowball and rugby games on but you couldn't hear any of them.  Seemed like a great place to watch a match if they weren't playin such loud music.  I ordered some sandwich.  It wasn't very good.  It was supposed to be Philly Cheese Steak inspired but it was just sort of dry and lacked a creamy cheese that would have saved the bread.  It wasn't great but it was edible.  The mashed potatoes were pretty killer though and I would highly recommend them.  Our waitress spent most of her time sitting at the bar chatting with some people or playing games on the little bar top machine.  Our drinks never got refilled and she was generally inattentive.  I'd probably go back for drinks and whatnot but I'm not really feeling this place.
THE best Irish pub I've found in the valley, great staff, food and drinks. I just wish it wasn't in such a crappy area.
Went to watch the USA vs. El Salvador friendly.  Tim Finnegans is now an official USA soccer bar.  :)  I had my usual mussles with leeks and bacon and it was great as always.  The beer selection is great and there are plenty of TV's all with the game on and the volume was on all over the bar.  I even like how there are speakers in the bathrooms so if you do have to get up for a break you still now what's going on.  I can't wait to be able to watch the rest of the friendly's and then the world cup here.
This place is a lot of fun to hang out with a group of friends.The drinks were good and the food came quickly. The music was live and was very good. I didn't even realize the music was live at first as I couldn't see the singer from where I was sitting. Although the drinks were tasty, they were inconsistent in strength. Over the course of the evening I had three long islands. The first one was perfect. the second tasted like it had almost no alcohol in it and the third was ALMOST too strong, but being the trooper that I am, I drank it anyway! We had split the happy-hour sized curry fries (under cooked), and the hot wings (good but not hot at all) and I had the turkey club sandwich. The happy hour apps were good but nothing spectacular. Good for bar food though. The fries could have been cooked for an extra couple of minutes but the sauce was good though a bit on the bland side.  The wings were on the small side and I ordered the hot and didn't get so much as a tingle. Now the club sandwich was REALLY good. I was quite happy eating that! One of the things that bugged me is how hard it was to get the bartenders' attention. There was no method to how they chose who they served next. Sometimes they would check on us 2-3 times before we were ready to order another drink sometimes it would take 10+ minutes before we could get their attention. We even called them by name (in a completely non obnoxious way!). At one point, one of the guys I was with whistled to get the bartenders attention (after raising his hand, waving him down and calling him by name several times) so he could order another drink before happy hour ended, and the bartender went off on him.
This is a St. Patty's day review.  They blocked off the parking lot. For some reason drinks were a tiny bit cheaper outside. Guinness was $5.75 inside & only $5 outside. Strange.  There was some band doing all sorts of cover songs. The song choices were great, but the band sucked! There was more live music inside which was a little more Irish authentic.  The people working here are hot. That's the guys, & girls. Yowza!  Only shitty thing about this place is if you try to order a soda or water you will get ignored. You're gonna have to ask 3-5 times before you get your non-alcoholic drink. Yes, I KNOW they make $$ off alcohol, but c'mon now... It takes 5 seconds to pour a soda.  The bathrooms became disgusting. That's too be expected & I'm not docking points for that. There are only 2 stalls though. Ladies, pee faster!  All in all this place isn't too bad. Decently pub like. I ended my night at Rosie's though & I think I'll skip Finnegans next year & go strait to Rosies.
I have only been here a couple of times but this is totally my kind of place. Good drink prices $3 Carlsbergs, I have only had the fish and chips to eat and it was awesome. As far as Irish bars go, this one has good decor and detail. Now that its the only Official US Soccer bar in Arizona, I am going to spend a lot more time there come World Cup time.
On Friday I went in at 6:30am to watch the USA vs. Slovenia World Cup match yes I did just say 6:30am.  The even cooler part was when I got there my first item I ordered and received was a nice cold Kiltlifter.  Oh how good beer is when you first wake up. :)  They had breakfast which was great I got to drink 3 more beers while I watched the match which surprisingly was packed and if it wasn't for a horrible call from the ref was great.  I'll be back Wednesday at 6:30 for the final group match against Algeria.
Tim Finnegans when will you open a location in Tucson? Every time I go to Phoenix I try to stop by this great Irish pub. A ton of great beers on tap and fabulous ambiance, this pub is a great place to spend a few hours. I especially love the food. This is the place for Shepherd's Pie. If you've never had it, Shepherd's Pie is ground lamb, veggies and mashed potatoes. It is amazing! I also love the cod sliders. Tim Finnegans has happy hour specials and bands on Fridays and Saturdays. If you're in the area and have a hankering for all things Irish stop by!
I don't really care what the overall stars rating is, this place is great! The Shepard's pie is one of the best in the valley and the staff is always ready with a fresh pint. The Sunday jam sessions for traditional music is great.
i'm sorry. i love the hamburgers. and the shepard's pie. and while i had one bad experience a few years ago, i enjoy this place.
Very genuine Irish bar. In Ireland, people don't go around playing fiddles all the time, so I'm OK with this place not having had that when I visited :)   As far as the location, it has plenty of parking, it's very roomy, decorated well, clean & the staff is helpful & friendly.   I went there to watch a UFC game & I was lucky to get there early enough to get a seat at the bar, right in front of the TV :) They also show soccer games, which you'll be hard pressed to find in many places.    The food portions are big, at least for me, lol. My friend had the Sheppard's pie & he went on about it for days, so I guess it was THAT good. They also have plenty of options on draft & were willing to give suggestions for mixed drinks. I don't remember what the drink I had was called, but it was yummy! Great bar tender.
Been to this place a few times in the last 2 years and always had a good time, so when I heard they were having an Open Bar for New Year's Eve I jumped at gathering a few friends to celebrate here. I called ahead to see if we could purchase tickets ahead of time or see if we can make a reservation. They said they were expecting a huge crowd so just to show up really early. Come New Year's Eve night my friends and I get there at about 845ish. Band wasn't on yet, there were still a few tables open abd the bar wasn't crowded at all. The hubby ordered some fish and chips to munch on with our beers. Wasn't impressed. Nor was I in the past when I tried their food other nights, so I didn't have high expectations anyhow. Open bar was just $20 for ladies, $30 for guys. It was well worth it!! Included all draft beer and a selection of shots. We definitely had a great time here and took advantage of the open bar. Bartender even let us know when there was a cab available outside when we were good and drunk. The bar never got too crowded and crowd didn't get too crazy - aside for a few girls who threw up all over themselves in the restroom. But you know everyone's having a good time when the ladie's room gets backed up and no one cares because we're all just having a good time chitchatting with each other - cat fight free.
I used to play on a Coed indoor soccer team that was sponsered by this bar and that is when I started to go here. If you are into authentic Irish bars then you absolutely must stop in. It is in a kind of hidden corner but once you walk in you will realize how charming it is. Even the bartender is actually Irish! They have $3 Carlsberg all day every day and other great Irish beers and ciders on tap. As far as food goes I have only had their fish and chips but it was delicious. We stopped in last Saturday night because they are the only Official US Soccer bar in Arizona and we wanted to watch the game. We were pleasantly surprised with the live music they had that night. It was really great and I think we will be going more often now!
The best Real Irish pub in Phoenix.
So the hubs and I decided to stop in here last night. We live fairly close by and had never been, though we drive past it a fair amount, we've just never stopped in.   So we slide on in around 6:30 or so and are promptly greeted and told we can take a seat where ever we want. We chose to sit at one of the big round tables on top of a barrel! The place is very much what I would expect an Irish pub to look like. Lots of dark heavy wood that puts off a real welcoming vibe.   Our waiter Joey was outstanding! He was so friendly and helpful!   Now, lets get serious and talk about what matters most, THE FOOD! They were having a half price apps special so we ordered up some crab cakes and wings. The crab cakes were really great! The hubs chowed down on the wings and seemed to really enjoy them.   For entrees I ordered the fish and chips. Seriously, WHOA! Might be some of the best fish and chips I've ever had! The huge portion of cod was cooked perfectly! The batter was just right, not to heavy, just right. The chips were great, skin on hand cut fries, seasoned to perfection!   The hubs had the flat iron steak sandwich. Its served on a crusty bread, which the hubs was not a fan of. He said the steak had a good flavor to it but would probably order something different next time.   We really had a nice time here. A man was in the back singing and playing guitar. We will for sure be coming back here!
You're out in the north central valley, you don't really want to go to a dive bar, you're not a hipster and you can't spend another trendy moment eating anything on a board.... pull up a stool at Tim Finnegans for a pint and wait for the music or an interesting conversation to begin! It's better than anything in the Metrocenter area has any right to be (in its current incarnation at least).
I really like this place. I typically go for happy hour with the girls, but I drug my husband there last night. They have wonderful beers on draft, and the food is a nice change from typical "bar food".  My husband and I had several Smithwicks, which were cold and were delivered in a timely manner. I had the steak salad. It was a little fatty, but the dressing was awesome. Ben had the sliders, which were moist and tasty. Our server was friendly and prompt. I only have 2 small issues with this place: first, I like to sit on the patio, but every time I go there, I have to go inside and ask for service. After I ask, I usually have great service, but I would prefer to be served without asking. Second, the crowd is sort of strange. I love eclectic people, but every time I go there, there are people who try to have these strange, conservative-laden conversations with me. Not that I am intolerant of people's views, but I am having a convo with the people I came with, and it feels strange to be randomly interrupted by strangers. Not the bars fault, just an observation.
Nice atmo, friendly service, decent food. This isn't very Irish to me, but at least it's not a sports bar with an "Irish" brand. This is a nice place to meet friends and hang out. Trivia night was pretty awesome and they have a decent concert calendar.
It has been a while since we stopped by as we are loyal to O'Connors, but we heard the food was good so we got a late lunch one afternoon. The place was nice decor was traditional, the people were friendly. We sat at the bar, and they didn't have the drink I wanted but they did offer a couple other things. When the food came out, I just wasn't impressed if I recall correctly it was 11 dollars for 2 pieces of fish and some french fry's and I left still feeling hungry.   If I were just going to drink I would go back, but the food just didn't impress me. I may try them again, but I just wasn't impressed.
Random.  I am sleeping. My friend wakes me up from my castle at 12am, banging on my door saying I have to go out to night! Clothes on, ID in hand...off I go.  He brings me to this place!!  I am not one for dive bars, nor partial to being disappointed.  Dives are necessary every once a while.  This place has the feel of a dive but has the crowd of a well established bar.   Mixed feelings about this place. Curious how the weekends are?!  Almost out of my grog from my sleep, my buddies decide 3 tequila shots are due. Salt on, shot glasses in hand...off I go.   The 'tender was a nice guy, seemed to like his job. Quick to the order and fast to the tab. Thank you!   FINAL ThoughTs: Aside from the acres of room to sit, Tim's has what so many dives don't have, which is the personality of a reputable bar. A great place to go with friends after the daze of a treacherous weekend.    NOTE: Avoid the patio after 12:30am. I have seen coke heads both times I have gone. Coincidence??    R\_
I am the Duke of O'Connors pub, but I love Tim Finnegan's too.  I go there to drink, I come here to eat.  The hot wings are nothing short of awesome, I have them at least once a week.  Oh, and the Cod and Chorizo is awesome, It is my favorite fish dish in Phoenix.  Shepard's pie is made with lamb, like it should be!  Corned Beef and Cabbage is also really good, not as good as my Mom's but close.  The bartenders (usually Tommy and /or Jimmy) and wait staff take good care of their customers, especially their regulars.  When they have live music it is usually pretty good, but the week night people have been so so as of late.  Not my thing, but they do draw somewhat of a crowd.  Weekends are much better.  Come to see any of  the Irish Bands, or Carvin Jones.  Trivia on Tuesdays is awesome, it is run by Cedar the Duke of this place. Look for Team Beef and Titties!
Great food...fresh beer and great service on a busy Saturday night!  The band was real good too!
I really enjoyed it here. It was pretty chill for a Friday night but probably the best atmosphere of any Irish Bar I've been to in The Valley. The Garlic Fries KICK ASS!!!!. Holly did some great acoustic covers....will definitely be back
Wife and I went to T. F. today at lunch intent on corned beef and cabbage (me) and fried fish (her).  Waiter told us we could have the all you can eat fish for only 6 dollars more than the regular fish.  We took the regular fish.  What she got was either a very small piece of fish or half of a regular sized one.  Was fried up in a salty bit of batter.  Came with good cole slaw but there was only about two teaspoons of it.  Also came with some overcooked, limp and greasy french fries.  All for $9.00!! My corned beef was good.Small portion again but good.  The cabbage was so salty that it might have been cooked in brine.  Fortunately there was only about 2 tablespoons of it.  It also came with mashed potatoes which were good but again super small portions.  My meal was also $9.00.  Iced tea was $2.25 and Harp beer (small glass) was $5.00.  Not too bad. Chef needs to learn how big a serving size is.  He can't tell the difference between regular serving sizes and children's sizes. HINT:  every day they have a different special.  That special is the big, that is to say regular size, for only a few bucks more.  So order the special even if it sounds big 'cause it isn't.  You'll actually save money because after we paid over $30 bucks we still went over to near by Carvers because we were still hungry. Very sorry I didn't have the same experience that some of my fellow Yelpers did. I guess this is a beer drinking place and food comes secondary.
GREAT Irish pub! i went on a Friday during the live music performance. I can't remember the name of the band, but they were awesome! The lead singer/guitarist was way into the crowd and got everyone hyped. I only had a few drinks, but a Sailor Jerry was only $3.50 and was very strong! I like cheap strong drinks! Definitely a good time. Will have to go back and try the food.
Awesome food nice environment. The fish and chips here are to DIE for.
This place is one of my favorite local spots. The corned beef taquitos and the cod with chorizo are some of my favorite things on the menu.  They also have a large selection of hard to find Irish whiskeys and single malt scotch. My wife does not share my love of this place, as she likes wine and salad, neither of which are great here, but hey, its an Irish pub and I don't think I'd want to hang out at any that were known for wine and salad.
Good food, good drinks and good service. Best Irish bar in AZ.
First time at Tim's was (supposed to be for) Happy Hour.    There was actually nothing wrong with the faire at Tim's - the problem was the pricing.    Our bill was $60.  We had four appetizers, three cocktails, and two sodas.  We had garlic fries (A+), sausage rolls (B-), baby back sliders (B) and chicken strips (A) that were all on the happy hour menus -- supposed to be half off during happy hour.  We also had 2 margaritas, a bourbon [house] and seven, and two cokes.    Still trying to figure out how the math worked on that one, but since it was my birthday we weren't going to argue (we were just going to hurry out and go up the street to Black Angus, where six cocktails [4 margs and two bourbon and cokes) and three apps (nachos, tater skins and pretzel cheese sticks) were $30-something dollars.    Though the food was good at Tim's - the items are too pricey for that neighborhood.    Decor is very cute and clean - waitress was mostly attentive (only had to ask twice for a couple of items).  ALSO Big A+ because RUSH was playing on the muzac for what seemed an entire album side (good choice).
Large menu, a little pricy for the quality of food.. Canned?.. Good beer selections, basic irish dishes.. Eeh .. Nothin special
I've been making trips to Tim Finnegans before I lived in Arizona.  On a past visit my friend brought me here.  It was a place me made trips to for the shepherds pie.  I had my first pie here and have now tried it many other places.  Tim Finnegans offers up the best and it's made with lamb (as opposed to beef in many places).  Always was it down with a pint of Strongbow or Magners.  It's a good bar for sports too.  There's always a soccer or football game on.  Man City swag is plentiful here.  Service is a bit slow from time to time but I can live with that.
Corned beef and cabbage taquitos...sounds crazy, so I had to try it...it was GREAT!  The $3 dollar Carlsberg big draft beers were also GREAT!  The bartender was GREAT as well!  If those 3 reasons aren't good enough to try out Tim Finnegans, then go because I said so :)
If it's lent or you're craving fish and chips then head over to TIm Finnegans for a black velvet pint and an order of AYCE fish fry for $13! that  can't be beat. Oh and it's good fish and chips, the sad part is that it's hefty so unless you're really just craving alot of fish, you'll only be able to handle one serving of fish and chips that it'll be too hard to stomach a second plate. The pub has character, and on Fridays usually later in the evening they have live music. Overall a good pub to hang out, have some fish and chips, drink some pints of black velvet (for me) and have a good time!
slow and i love shepherds pie but it sucks here and corn beef is dry and you pay alot for what you get stay away !
Always have a great time and stop in every time we are in Phoenix. I can only give it 4 stars because the too k Bass off tap a few yearss back, but still my favorite place to drink in AZ
Monday is Half price hamburgers. These Burgers are gourmet and only cost $5.00. It is a great deal!! You can get a pint of Carlsberg for $3.00 I love the Irish Pub music.
Great Irish pub in the desert!  The owner's an Irishman who moved here from the Bronx, and NY Irish are more Irish today than Dublin Irish.    The food, both Irish and American cuisine, are great.  I love my Irish grub, but incredible burgers are there to be had!  Just the way you like them; not 165 degree in the middle hockey pucks you get most places.  Can't get there enough to please me and in football season, Tommy's Irish comes out and it's a NY Jet Fan's hangout, where new friends are made every week and old friendships revived and rejuvenated.  Give me Tim Finn's any day of the week!!!  HOME AGAIN IS THE FEELING!
I am taking a star away sadly :(   We went in this past Monday. I order my usual, a Stella. I am told they no longer have that on tap and wasnt offered a bottle, so I am not sure if they carry it anymore.  :( This makes kiki a sad lady.   We were starving so we started with an app. We waited over 20-30 minutes for our app to come out. The place wasnt busy at all and there were multiple waitresses. We actually had forgotten we ordered the app when it did finally come out.   It took another 20 minutes for our order to come out. Not sure what was going on there.   The food was just as fantastic as always!
I absolutely LOVE this place. They have such a wonderful staff of servers and bartenders. They are super personable and friendly. The drinks are stiff, and the food is great.  My favorite is the Chicken and Red Pepper Flatbread, which is half priced on Wednesdays. But worth full price any day of the week... so try it!
great atomsphere, music, food, and beer.  Here watching the NCAA Hoops Tourney.  Bookmark this place!
When I am craving really awesome fish and chips, this is the place to go. Especially on fridays, where their fish and chips is all you can eat! Although, be warned that the fish and chips servings are huge so come super hungry lol. And Fridays, they have some live music adding to the awesome vibe of the place. It's an awesome cool place to have a drink and get my fish and chippies on :)
Came in last Friday night, a little after 9 or so, to meet up with some friends in town from Denver. They were in for just the weekend and had suggested the place but I was definitely eager to check out a "new, to me" pub that's on my side of town.   Upon entering, it seemed to have the right feel and charm to it. Plenty of beer mirrors and signage, decent whiskey selection, Carlsberg on tap, and that dimly lit pub feel. After greeting my friends and grabbing a stool at the bar it all kind of stopped there.  Once I flagged the bartender down, he flung a coaster at me and kind of gave me a blank stare.  I was fully prepared with my order but was kind of taken back by the "what the hell do you want" attitude on my first drink of the night. As far as I could tell, there were three others at the bar top when I sat down, with one just having tabbed out next to me. Ok, slow night but come on man, what's with the sour attitude. Got my drink, brushed it off, and continued on with socializing with my friends and enjoying the atmosphere, until another friend sat next to me at the bar top. He received the same treatment, a Frisbee toss of the coaster and a "what?" from the bartender. As he walked away to get my friend's drink, I explained how he did the same thing to me and it must be how they do it here. "Keep Going sure It's Grand"  What could have possibly be the savior for this place that night was the open mic gig playing in the far corner across from the bar. She belted out some Adele covers and green day song or two that sounded awesome!  Huge props to her for continuing to play with only a hand full of people in the bar on a Friday night.  Once again trying to get service from one of the two bartenders talking in the corner with each other was like pulling teeth. After begging for another round, we decided our second drink was enough and we'd take off to another spot.  We had even offered to by the singer a drink because she sounded awesome, never got that one either.   3 Stars because they had a live singer... 0 Stars for the service.  However, because I think I would real like this place under different circumstances, I'd give it another try and hope for a different bartender.
Went to Tim Finnegan's for happy hour tonight. Service was EXCELLENT, was served a Carlsberg and wings within 5 minutes of being seated. Food was well above average pub grub (I've been to their brother pub in Scottsdale, the Skeptical Chemyst and knew what to expect). Great appetizers (Wings, PEI mussels, short rib sliders, crab cakes and a whole bunch of great flat breads) that are half price daily from 4-7 pm! Great selection of imported beers on tap and in bottles, as well as whiskeys. Good pation and good sports viewing throughout. I'd give it a "5" but I'm a tough grader, lets call it 4 1/2 and if they continue to impress, we'll see!
I really like this place but have not been since the new menu took effect.  $3 Carlings are always awesome and love the daily half price happy hour. .....  Ok, so it has been months since I wrote my review and I am finally getting around to updating this.  The new menu is great!  Fish & chips are hands down my favorite in the valley.  $5 burger Mondays are awesome and oh so overfilling!  The only item on the menu that I still can't get behind 100% are the corned beef taquitos.  They taste great I just don't like the sauce.  Then again, many of my friends love them and the sauce so it is probably just me.  Always a good time at Tim Finn's!  Restaurant is clean, staff is friendly and the owner is attentive.  Love it!
I had the chicken wings which were, eh.  The corned beef and cabbage taquitos were disgusting.  They tasted like refried bean taquitos, and the filling looked like refried beans.  The fish tacos are wonderful, though. It's all about the Pub here! Five stars for the bar! Great whiskey and scotch selection. I mean they have The Balvenie 15 year!   The decor: warm pub atmosphere
First time that I had Shepherd's Pie. It was good and filling. They told me that real shepherd's pie is made with ground lamb; that's how they make it here. It went well with a pint of Guinness. I will definitely come back and try the corned beef and cabbage.   Bartender was cool, service was great, food was good, and beer was cold. I'm a fan.
Very good. The draft cider was great, as well as the Thursday special (a 5 oz. flat iron steak). Our server, Cheryl was very nice and helpful. The fish an chips were average, but the garlic chips were pleasantly good. Overall happy with the experience, I guess I need to learn the enjoy Irish food more!. We will be back again for sure.
Great place!! we will be back, order the Flat Iron steak over the prime rib!  Next time I will have the Shepherd's Pie.
Great Jets bar during NFL season, really want to try their burgers.. Drool over seeing them, which they're $5 on Monday nights..  Just really wish they would get their mobile menus and prices updated/synced with.their actual menus and prices - specials and prices listed on their mobile site are 2 different worlds altogether..
I'm in love.  This place was amazing, and I wish I lived in Phoenix so I could come here more often.  I was here on a Monday night with some friends, and Monday just happens to be $5 burger night.  And these are some amazing burgers...good enough to pay full price, but what a steal at $5 a piece.  We all had the burger with the onion-bacon marmalade and garlic aioli.  I have no idea what onion-bacon marmalade is or how one goes about making it, but it was one of the best toppings I've ever had on a burger.  The beef was very flavorful and while I ordered my burger medium, it was slightly overcooked, but still good.  Brioche buns topped them off, and they were very tasty as well.  The fries were nice and crispy, and a perfect compliment to the burgers.  Nice selection of beers on tap and in bottles, and a few specialty drinks in addition to the full bar.  There were also a few musicians taking turns performing, and they were very nice to listen to.  Not sure if this a regular Monday occurance or not, but I enjoyed the music.  It wasn't too loud either...we still have conversations without shouting while the artists were performing.  Great pub!
Update as of 12/29/12: Owner let me know the mobile menu/prices are getting updated soon, so that should help folks out.. Never know when you might get a spur of the moment to head out there, but don't know the menu by heart..  Might have to head over for a $5 burger before flying out of state in a couple weeks.. =D
LOVED the food!  We finished dinner as the live music was starting.  Next time we will come later to enjoy!  My husband had the all-you-can-eat fish.  It was very tasty and the fish was cooked perfect.  Nice big pieces of cod that were firm and NOT mushy.  I had the lamb shepherds pie.  It was FAB!  We also got a FREE order of Chicken wings to take home, just for doing a Yelp check-in.  We ate those later that night and they were GREAT!  Can't wait for our next visit!  Oh, and don't forget the on-tap Guinness...Yummmm!
A friend had a Groupon for this place and asked if I'd like to go with.  I hadn't been here before and, always willing to try a new place, I said sure. I'm being a little generous with the stars as I don't think I'd return to Finnegans, but this isn't really my type of place. It's definitely more bar than restaurant and I suppose it's just fine for drinkin'.  The big turn-off was our choice of seats, straight line to the smoking patio so the stench of stale cigarettes wafted by every few minutes.  Not their fault but still not very pleasing. The food was decent, but again nothing I'd really run back for.  The fish and chips came with one gigantic piece of cod which was different and the mussels were also a little different-almost like mussel noodle soup.
We met some long lost friends here last night.  Fast and efficient service.  The only issue was that music was to start at 9:00pm...we left at 10:30 and the music still had not begun.  At least we were able to chat with our friends but we were a bit disappointed as the sound check sounded great.  The fish sliders were super!  Potatoes skins needed salt.  I'd certainly go back.
Relative to its location, this bar is a little gem. It's tough to find non-chain anything in Phoenix, let alone something with good food, but this place serves some sort of Irish bread (soda bread?), made in-house, with a very dense consistency and delicious flavor.   There's an authentic-ish looking wooden bar area, live music (when I visited on a Monday night at least), bartenders were social enough, and they had some decent drink prices as well. Horribly weak first drink unfortunately, but not enough to keep me from coming back two nights later while I was still in town for work.  Check it out!
Been here 2 times in the past 60 days, and I am here to tell you that there's a lot to like about Tim Fiinnegan's;  1. Nicely decorated Irish-style pub/restaurant.  For the Metrocenter area, this is 5-star. 2. Friendly, competent, smiling staff. 3. Kid/family friendly (ok, during happy hour and early dining hours, admittedly) 4. Very reasonable prices 5. GREAT Happy Hour prices 6. Solid, if not spectacular, food; very good portions  Need I say more?  Go to Tim's, a good, honest restaurant providing value in an otherwise underwhelming neighborhood.
Foodies: get over there for the Monday night burger special and wash it down with $3 Carlsberg's every day. On second thought, keep your distance - I love this place and want to keep it for myself! If you're a fan of spectacular, fresh, authentic Irish fare, have a strong liver, and want a cozy, inviting place to relax, come buy me a beer. At $3, you can afford it!
I have stayed in Phoenix only six nights in my life, but all six of those nights I got wasted at Tim Finnegan's.  A+ would recommend.
I am a fan because this place is right around the corner from my place... sooooo that is fantastic. The food is alright, nothing exciting Lots of good beer on tap, and some really awful beer on tap. Check it out! I like it. :)
I love this bar. Yes, I stole that from a Toby Keith song, but Tim Finnegan's is a great place for good food, good drink, and good times! The food is tastier than most bar food, at least to me. Their prices are amazing, and they pour a perfect Jameson and Diet. You gotta check this place out!
Tim's has become our local.  We really, really like the food here.  I've had corned beef and cabbage at one other Irish bar in town, and it didn't even belong in the same category.  Tim's corned beef is flavorful and lean, and what the cook does with Irish bacon in his cabbage makes my toes curl with delight: I've never had better.  I could eat the Shepherd's Pie every day; husband loves the Garlic Chicken and gets extra Irish bread.  The Irish breakfast is good, the fish on AYCE Friday nights is fresh, fabulously lightly breaded and they'll make up cocktail sauce to order.  An earlier reviewer didn't like the corned beef taquitos and I agree - when I first had them I thought they were not good at all; I had some last Tuesday night (Pub Trivia night) and they were delish.  So are their fish tacos on Taco Tuesday.  Really, there is nothing they serve we haven't liked. I don't like bar food; I love Tim Finnegan's food.  The bartenders and servers are great; the bar has a wide selection of Irish and Scotch whiskey/whisky.  There are specials every night but Saturday, and happy hour all day Sunday.  It's a great place to gather with friends for good food and drink.  cad mle filte
Loved it....especially the Bailey's Bread Pudding, a must have!
Great wings!!! When we walked in I thought I might have made a mistake because nobody was there. It turned out to be because we were so early (11:10am). Josh turned out to be a very good waiter. He made recommendations and was attentive and when he said he really likes the wings, he was right - really good. I also had the Shepard's pie that was well done, potatoes creamy and content not overcooked.  Atmosphere was dark like every Irish place I have been in. Big bar fully stocked. And as it got to be lunch time the place filled up.  Not cheap lunch but reasonably priced and they have regular specials.
One of the only places in the Valley where an Irish breakfast can be had.  Went to this homely establishment this afternoon (Saturday) for lunch with my father and it was pretty empty, not too surprising for the area and the time of day but quite frankly, that appealed to me.  The waitress was very friendly and prompt in making sure to take our drink order.  Given the number of other patrons (maybe 5, two of which were sitting at the bar) it took a bit longer than I would have thought for her to come back, but as my dad and I were in no hurry and the game was on the TV.  She was very good about giving my dad information regarding menu items and portion sizes.  I ordered the Irish breakfast with a Jameson and ginger and my dad ordered the dinner portion fish and chips.  The breakfast came with eggs, brown bread, beans, sausage, and grilled tomato.  Everything was amazing, generous portions and tasty.  The fish and chips was a slab of cod and a heap of fries and cole slaw.  The fish was pretty good and the few fries I managed to steal were great.  My dad raved about it and he's pretty particular about fish.  Great pour on the Jameson and Ginger from the bar.  I'm curious if there was any ginger in it at all... but I'm not one to complain :)  We both were members of the clean plate club and very satisfied.  I'll definitely be back again soon!
I like this place.  I came here a little while back on a Sunday afternoon to hang out with my brother.  There weren't too many people in there so it was nice and relaxing.  The bartender (who looked a little like Bradley Cooper) was friendly and attentive and gave us excellent service.  We tried a couple of apps while we were there.  The garlic fries were pretty good but the corned beef taquitos were lacking.  They weren't what I expected and were kind of bland.  Other than that, this place is a cool spot to chill at.  They have some pretty decent specials throughout the week.  Check them out!
Ever since I went to Tim F's I can't stop talking about this place, it's just so awesome!! I went before noon for the lunch special, unreal 3$ beer and 5$ lunch mon-thurs. best turkey sandwich ever!! I can't wait to go back!!
I stopped in for a pint (or more) and ended up ordering the wings...and devouring them. Absolutely delicious, and the blue cheese is made fresh in house.  Jim, the genuine Irish bartender, provided excellent service and conversation.  One of my favorite watering holes!!
Had a Reuben. Not a Reuben. Cole slaw instead of sauerkraut. Very little thousand island dressing. Marble bread, not a strong rye flavor. Corned beef was bland too. Very, very, bland. I'm from Omaha, NE., born and raised, where the Reuben was invented. I'm also Irish. This is more of what's called a Rachel Reuben, except it sticks with the slightly corned beef instead of pastrami or turkey. A Reuben should have a sour and tang, stink a bit. Disappointed. Why they ruined such a beautiful creation is beyond me.
Hubby and I are regulars here. Love going there for happy hour or on mondays for burger day and happy hour. They have the best Turkey burger I have ever had and if you are interested, you can substitute the fries for a side salad. They told me the turkey burgers are made super fresh in the house and you can definitely taste it. I have now tried almost all of their appetizers and they are all pretty good, too. The bartenders are all very nice and make you feel welcome and comfortable.  Happy hour, great food and service, live music on weekend nights and close to my house=couldn't get any better.
Its my home away from home. Love the bartenders and all the other regulars. Last nights open bar/costume party was awesome!
Nice place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks but food isn't that good and the wait staff are indifferent.
Delicious food & Carlsberg on draft. My mouth is watering at the thought. Scrumptious! :)
Went with a group because it was close to hotel. The service was good to start it took at least an 45 minutes to get food. When food came it was cold. Looked good but frys were cold and sandwhich were all cold. Would not go back considering the place was not busy. Very disappointing.
Regardless if you DO or DO NOT like Irish food, I command you to eat here if you are in Phoenix. You will regret every minute should you disobey this order.
Great Pub atmosphere... $5 Burgers on Monday....Happy hour great deals and Owner present quite a bit-- Love the potato skins!!
Having never been o an Irish pub before, I was pleasantly surprised with the wide selection of food options that they had here. The place was dimly lit and gave it that dungeony type feel, which I have found out is a trait of pubs.   The Guinness was poured as a proper one should be and they give you a free appetizer if you check in on Yelp.   Would recommend this place to anyone looking for a place to grab a bite to eat or an after work drink.   The location leaves something to be desired, but this is a hidden gem of a place.   The wait staff were super nice and my particular server was a lovely tattooed brunette. I don't recall her name, but she did an excellent job serving me and my party while we were on vacation.   The food came out quickly, hot, and freshly made. Next time I am in the Phoenix area, I will try an stop by here and enjoy a pint!
To my knowledge, this is the only reason to step within 500 meters of Metro Center. It's got nightly specials on food and drink...and even if you're not going for happy hour, the $10 burgers are much better than I'd expect from a dimly-lit dive. It's better than you'll find in a lot of sit down restaurants!   The beer selection is legit, with staples like Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA, Magners, and of course Guinness on tap. Makes me a happy camper.   Only issues are that it never seems to get crazy, and that it's a (yuck) Jets bar.
I have only been here a few times but my boyfriend loves this place and has been going here for years. The atmosphere is great, employees are friendly and actually take the time to get to know the customers and everything I've had has been excellent. Once thing I find I should mention is the foam of the beer sticks to the side of the glass. Now since I do not drink a "Black Velvet" the importance is little to me however, during each visit I am reminded that if the foam sticks to the glass that means it was cleaned properly! So, anyone who wishes to try one or drinks foaming beers there's a tip for you ! Also, just like the glasses the whole place is clean and kept up to par. Definitely don't ever mind going here for a couple hours.
Although the presentation was sorta big-city-ish, I made a happy plate out of the corned beef and cabbage. Damn good stuff.  The house brew was tasty too. Next time shepherds pie!
THIS is how you make a hamburger.  Their burgers are such perfection that we have yet to order much else.  I love that you can substitute a salad for the fries (It's like $1 extra, but it's a nice salad with baby greens, roasted red peppers... a nice little, light compliment to a helluva burger).  The burger will make you cry.  It's perfect.  They've got the grill set at the perfect temperature so it has that nice flavorful crust that seals in the juice and flavor.  The bun is perfect... brioche, grilled.  The toppings are quality.  They just do it right.  Caramelized onions.  Roasted red peppers.  Garlic aioli.  Just good stuff.
Kim and i say thanks to Harrison for his twig and berries drink and his velvet hammer drink. Come check this place out!!! Great good, great drinks, great service!!!!!
Need a divey Irish pub with good grub? Done! Don't let the four stars fool ya, this place isn't fancy or a gastro-pub catering to hipsters... This is a dark, loyal locals bar with everything you'd expect in an Irish pub... Friendly service, traditional dishes (and the American standards too) wooden bar, tables and chairs, trivia, live music and DAY DRINKERS. The only thing it has going against it is its location (Metro Center)... But after an 8oz portion of delicious Fish n Chips (all you can eat on Fridays) Jameson and a Guinness, you wont care about that anymore... See ya next Friday :)
Liked everything about this place, French fries are freshly cut and worth the trip
The only bar for Jets Fans in Arizona! They have the NFL Sunday Ticket, plus they're the official home for team USA Soccer. They always have amazing happy hour, specials, and great deals.   The lamb skewers are so flavorful, and as I'm writing this review I'm eating their $9 Corned Beef & Cabbage dinner which is one of the best I've ever had! Traditional Irish Bar owned by a cool guy named Tommy. Definitely a regular here and i encourage checking it out sometime.
Great pub where the food is not at all an afterthought. On the first visit, we took advantage of the check-in deal and got the mussels with the shepherd's pie and fish and chips. All were outstanding. The bartender also offered some sauce that complemented the shepherd's pie which was a thoughtful gesture. The thing I loved about the pie was that it wasn't covered in cheese and that everything was well balanced. My husband got the fish and chips and gave me a bite but wasn't all that open to sharing, so I'll have to order my own next time.   The second time we went we took advantage of the happy hour special and got a bunch of apps including the mussels again, crab cakes, wings, and cod sliders. I really enjoyed the cod sliders. The bread was light and crunchy, the cole slaw topping was fresh and the fish was perfectly battered. Such a great combo. The crab cakes were really fresh and the wasabi sauce was a nice compliment. The wings were good- as you'd expect for pub fare. The mussels again were yummy with the spicy broth perfect to dip the homemade bread in. We found out they'll sell the bread by the loaf, so I'll have to do that for a special occasion.
When I came across this place I was like hhmmnn Irish pub beer, food, and a brawl? 1st Impression Pretty plain looking from the outside, nice and clean they have a smokers patio as well. Before you step inside you can hear the live music playing. Step in and to my surprise its more of a family sit down restaurant that a drunken pub. Self seating the server came over right away and was quite pleasant.        The menu has a list of foods that from what I know to be "Irish" foods some that are not but have an "Irish" twist. Me and my date agree to 2 different appetizers, the Artichoke and spinach dip with pub made pita chips. The second was something that less traditional the Corned beef and cabbage "taquitos" The dip didn't stand a chance we destroyed it! The taquitos however were not at all what I expected. I was expecting the corned beef to be in a more "solid" state however it seemed more as if it was minced with the cabbage Strange texture and not very flavorful The green sauce was fairly tasty and my lovely date enjoyed the horseradish/ sour cream topping.        Moving on the the entrees I chose the Real lamb shepherds pie, and my date selected the Icelandic Cod. The Pie seems like a small portion until I began eating, the serving container is very deep and half way though my meal is was wondering how so much food could be hiding in there. It had a very familiar flavor that I still cant place my finger on. It was very fulfilling I enjoyed it and would order it again. My dates Cod looked and smelled amazing! She said the seasoned mashed potatoes were very tasty and so was the fish was really fresh and cooked just right, and could easily be a go to dish after trying out some more of the menu. To top of our dinning we gave the Irish bread pudding a try. It was a more solid bread pudding not all mushy, not over soaked. It does have some Baily's Irish cream liquor. in it the last bite I found a shot of it lol       Over we were both very pleased with our experience and look forward to going again soon to try some thing else. However the future with not include a re-up on the taquitos =P
Very good food and saw a great selection of beers. Servers were attentive. Inside could use a bit of a facelift but all in all a very good place. Will come again
This is a perfect Irish pub - spacious but cozy, lovely with a hint of divey, great selection of beers, great service, live music, and excellent fish and chips.    St. Patty's Day is coming up fast (and on that day, this place is mobbed - which might be fun!), so if you're feeling Irish, this is one of the few places in AZ that makes my little East Coast drinkin' heart feel at home!  Check out the live music on a Friday nights (there's a calendar with artists online).    The only possible downside is the location - but that makes it all the better, if you're in the area!
Awesome! Really! What a great surprise. Many years ago, we came here with friends. I remember it being good, but we just never made it back. The Metro Center mall, and the shopping area where this pub is located, has really gone downhill and there are a lot of empty storefronts. But the pub has remained, and after having another meal, I can see why.  The food was so incredibly good! All of the entrees were beautifully presented. The seared cod was perfect - in fact, "the best cod I've ever had!!" was the comment. It came atop mashed potatoes which were described as "absolutely delicious" (and this from a mashed potato aficionado!) The shepherd's pie was traditional (lamb not ground beef!) and so tasty - yum, yum! The corned beef was cooked perfectly and very lean, served with tasty mash.  We didn't get a starter because we knew one of the decadent sounding desserts was in our future. And the Bailey's bread pudding - ahhhh, melt in your mouth awesome.   Our server was friendly, good sense of humor and checked back with us frequently to make sure we were happy.  Awesome pub with food as good as any you'll find in a gourmet restaurant.
Great Irish bar!  The beer selection includes a lot of Irish/Brittish staples (Guinness, Harp, Smithwick's) but domestics and microbrews as well.  Great, darker lit atmosphere.   The outside feels super sketchy, but it didn't necessarily seem unsafe to me.  More just run down.   Inside was clean and a fun place to hang out.  The appetizers were pretty good too.  The chicken tenders I got were big and freshly fried.  The garlic fries and spinach dip were good, too.
Great place, nice atmosphere.  Very much like many of the pubs I have been to in Ireland.  The burgers are delicious, and at $5 on Monday, can't be beat.  Staff is friendly and they do pour the perfect pint of Guinness.  Another reviewer, Mary O. claims to have overheard the owner saying the anniversary raffle for the Ireland trip was rigged and gave the trip to his "best friend".  That is really interesting.  Since the winner is my husband, I was very surprised to learn he was best friends with owner.  So was my husband.    We live nearby and go to Finnegan's multiple times a week.  During the month prior to the drawing we filled out an entry slip every time we went in.  We did NOT buy a raffle ticket.  If Mary Ol bought a raffle ticket, it wasn't for the drawing for the trip.
The one positive is that our waiter was great and very attentive. When we went outside he would come find us and give refills or whatever we needed. My friend ordered rum and cokes and they were so weak she had to send it back...twice. I did not like the corned beef and cabbage. The corned beef looked processed to me. The live music was so loud we had to find a corner somewhere that would not blow my ear drums out. I was not impressed with this place.
This is definitely one of my top 5 favorite spots in Phoenix. It has a dark, pub-style feel throughout; but very clean and cozy atmosphere. A majority of the time, you can seat yourself wherever you like. The staff is friendly, fast, and helpful without being overbearing or annoying.   I've visited 5+ times and never had a bad experience. During happy hour, appetizers are half price. You can easily get full for $10. The corned beef and cabbage dinner is excellent, as are the appetizers of crab cakes and garlic aoili fries.  All in all, I thoroughly enjoy this place and highly recommend it!
I am sitting in Tim Finnegan's on a Saturday afternoon, having finished a tasty late lunch while waiting for my husband to finish playing golf. The decor of this place is classic local pub, and I've patronized many in the U.K. and other places in the world with which to compare it. The bartender was friendly, helping me choose from the menu a light meal that was delicious. I had the Chicken Wrap, and was able to substitute a cup of soup instead of fries. The IPA that was on tap, Dogfish Head, had just enough bitterness to keep this hop-head happy.
Was here on a Thursday night and there was live music! Bonus since that's usually reserved for Friday-Sunday at most places.   My favorite Irish pub was the Johnny Fox's Public House, but it has since closed. :( So I began looking for a similar spot, although in no way does Tim Finnegan's come close in interior presentation as well as food, they do have a nice specialty drink selection and the staff is just as nice.   The place is quaint with indoor as well as outdoor seating. The staff was not very attentive but were very friendly. I ordered the Irish Mudslide which was a delicious specialty drink and the small Shepherd's Pie.   The lighting was relatively dark which makes it prefect for a casual date or a nice chill night out with friends.   I would recommend this place, just remember to be assertive when you need something from the staff.
Great craft beer selection..crabcakes are very yummy and loaded with crab...the wasabi aoli is a nice accompaniment. ..definately has that Irish Pub feel!!
Nice casual Irish pub with awesome food. Thursday nights they have this 2 man band that's I have seen at other spots in the Phoenix area and them alone is worth the trip here. The outside before u walk in looks a little sketchy but once u walk in the doors, you feel like ur in an Irish pub.
I had the best night out here last night.  We were welcomed with live music.  A man named AJ was playing with a friend and it was really good! The two of them played a great mix of music, from R&B to alternative rock. It wasn't overwhelming, like bar bands can be.  The waitress says AJ has played there for a while.  We ordered our beers and an appetizer- the garlic chips.  They were yummy seasoned fries with an excellent garlic aioli.  The garlic aioli was like a creamier version of the garlic sauce you get with your pita at a good Arabic restaurant. I I couldn't get enough of it.  My boyfriend kept telling me to slow down, but he was stealing big globs of the stuff in his fries (that thief!).   For dinner, I had the Bacon Onion Jalapeo flatbread and a side of coleslaw.  The flatbread was great! The coleslaw wasn't super flavorful, but it was fresh and cooled my mouth down perfectly after consuming all those jalapeos.    I highly recommend this place.
Great shepherd's pie, good service and authentic atmosphere. The fires are good, too. And do I have to say anything about the beer selection on tap? Happy girl!
I love this place. We typically think of places that serve beer as being a club or bar only suited for late night drinking but this place is a classic pub. It's the kind of place you can just come in and relax any time of day.  The food is very good and they have a great selection of beer on tap but the atmosphere for me is what makes it a 5/5.
This is our favorite hang out! Usually bar food isn't the greatest tasting but I would go here just for the food. It is amazing! Try the garlic fries, they are to die for! They usually have live music playing which makes for good entertainment.
This review is from my previous visits- and going to another venue just to see JDV lit the fire under my ass to elaborate on my 'tip' from 4 months ago. After tearing Tommy a new one over the phone for allowing JDV to play in WestGate when he clearly does not belong there...lol, yeah, I tore him a new one...AS IF!!   I wrote a freaking dissertation describing the horrible experience I had Saturday night & added to it Sunday morning...pretty severe and I'm surprised it is still a 'recommended review'!!! (Figured it'd be deleted). Back to the task at hand. It's difficult to describe the TF's experience in regard to quality - BECAUSE my standards are ridiculously high- so what can you say when each time you visit, they exceed expectations. I'm dying to try the yummy food- but I go alone - so between worrying I'll overindulge and then the potential for needing a nap afterward....I live vicariously by checking out all the dishes & asking about them to customers(I am a self proclaimed pest. Yep.). All I can say is: check it out. Plus if you yelp check in you get a free appetizer too. What's to lose?? (Also, the dudes behind the bar are pretty swank...nice eye candy and really nice--at the tables I'm pretty sure it's all female wait staff, no biggie but makes me happy that there's always a place for me at the bar)!!
OMG! Get the bread pudding!  Its AMAZING!!!!!  Also got the corned beef, wasn't the best I've ever had.  But the one man band is really good, reminiscent of Jack Johnson.  Our server Roxanne was really sweet too.
This was my first time eating here and I will definitely be a repeat customer!   I ordered the turkey burger which is something I never get, it was good. Got the bread pudding for desert, it was good.  Our server, Roxann was on top of it and provided great service!
Best Irish fare in Phoenix !  The only REAL Shepherd's Pie in Phoenix made with lamb, not ground beef, which is the most savory pie I have ever had.  It has ruined me for all all others.  Throw in a pint of Magner's Cider and don't forget the bread pudding!  The food alone is worth the trip here!
Great food, great atmosphere, great service.  No better place in the area.
What? They don't have air conditioning in Ireland? Agnes of God! It was hotter than the Blarney Stone on a hot humid June day. Plus we were tucked in away in an alcove, which was probably a cool table, I'm just not into big groups being smashed in a corner. What if I have to get out and pee? What if there's a fire? What if that mean leprachaun from that Jennifer Aniston movie comes in with a machete and starts hacking people?  The Good: Server was very friendly and didn't mind being called babe, but don't call her sweetheart. I think gay guys can get a way with this. Hetero men, I'm not so sure. Smithwick on tap! My Irish eyes were smiling! Cute ass plaid skirts worn by cute as hell servers.  The Bad: Potato skins....ummm...so basically it's a boiled potato with some weird cheese film wrapped around it, like gauze on a big toe. But it came with sour cream and chives and I could rub that all over my body and be happy. The Ugly. NEVER, did we receive silverware. Service was s l o w! Look we're not in Europe. We are not a leisurely people! Atmosphere was scattered and not really an Irish theme threaded throughout the large space. This one busboy chewing gum like a horse coming off ecstasy. Gross! I hate gum chewers! Especially when they are working.  Etc...The Club sandwich was pretty good. Great 9 grain bread and a cranberry mayo but slim on the turkey and it had that weird processed texture and flavor. ABC was there citing the bartender for serving underage drinkers. Poor dude. It was an awkward moment for everyone.  So Darcy McGee's I'd be back for a Smithwick. But my Lucky Charms ass will be sure to bring a small fan. And of course. My ID! Cheers!
From the minute you step in the door, it's pretty obvious that this is a chain. The nice thing about pubs in Ireland (lived over in the UK until I was 21, so I've been to a pub or seven) is that they may be owned by one or two brewery's, but they each have their own feel, menu, and clientele. Also, I've never seen a pub in Ireland with the servers wearing Scottish kilts; come to think of it, I've never seen one with the servers wearing Irish kilts either. The place lacked the craic (not a drug, the other kind--fun, enjoyment, abandonment, or lighthearted mischief; often in the context of drinking or music).   What I really want to know is what the heck nachos were doing on the menu in a so-called Irish pub. Just because potato wedges were substituted for tortilla chips doesn't mean the dish is now Irish. Oh, and what was up with the Cheese Whizz crap they put on top of them. On the bright side, the boxty wasn't bad--basically stewed beef (cooked with Guinness) in a potato pancake.   Suggestion:  a live, Irish band might make all the difference to D'Arcy McGee's, but I'm not in charge of marketing. In the mean time, if you want a place with a somewhat more traditional Irish pub's atmosphere, go to Rula Bula on Mill Avenue.
I really enjoyed eating here. The food has been good and the 3 dollar pints on Fridays is nice as well. The place is neat and tidy and the staff is very friendly. They messed up on my dessert but comped it to me for the screw up. Overall a good experience, and the appeteizers were great. I would reccomend this place.
I'm sorry, it wasn't possible to give negative stars.  I went here after hearing some well placed advertising on the radio.  Who knows what corporate monger is funding the promotion of this horrific excuse for an Irish pub, but let's hope they realize it's all for nothing and open something worthwhile in it's spot.  I completely agree that it's an obvious attempt to re-create an Irish pub by a chain restaurant.  A highly unsuccessful attempt.  The decor was cheap and re-created for the feel, but one glance up and the poorly disguised open, industrial type ceiling explained why it was so loud and not at all 'pub-ish'.  The menu did a great job of making things sound super tasty.  Everything we ordered was anything BUT tasty.  We opted to start with the Crisp Calamari & Shrimp.  Wow, does Van de Camp know that you are serving their food for public consumption?  I bet they'd love the nod of acknowledgement.  By the way, this was the best thing we got all night long.  Next came the entrees, billed as Irish Favorites on the menu.  eegads!  I ordered the Guiness Steak & Mushroom Boxty.  What I got was Dinty Moore Beef stew in a folded over tortilla!  My boyfriend ordered the Guiness Steak & Mushroom Crock.  The same Dinty Moore, side by side with mashed potatoes, fresh from the box.  We were so disappointed that we barely ate anything.  We actually preferred the appetizer of frozen tid bits to the entrees.  Thankfully, our waitress noticed & sent the manager over.  Sadly, he insisted that we must not like authentic Irish food and that their chef's fly to Ireland to meet with top chefs and bring back the best recipes.  Wow, $45 for 3 bites of food, and an appetizer worthy of the frozen food isle in the grocery store.  I can't even pass along the $20 gift card to my worst enemy to eat there.
The Good: They have a decent happy hour (or as they call it "Sociable Hour). You can get 20 ounce Smithwick's, Guinness or Harp for $3, and $3.50 Stella Artois.  The Bad: If you want another, you'll have to wait and Sociable Hour may be over by your second drink.  The Ugly: There are no food specials for Sociable Hour. So, should you get the server who has some speed to them you'll probably end up wasted on cheap beer because you can't afford the food.  The Good: They were able to accommodate our large group of people. There were about 7 of us who showed up and another 5 came a bit later. They placed us at a table inside but when we realized that we needed more room they kindly gave us the option of sitting outside or moving to a new table inside. We went outside and were okay.  The Bad: Service was even more hit or miss outside. It's sort of like the waiter forgot about us. Then, as business picked up a waitress was assigned to the patio area but of course, had no idea what was going on with us so we had to tell the servers what to do.  The Ugly: As we moved outside our waiter came out to ask us how everything was. He then proceeded to ask if we were going to order actual food or just eat appetizers. Um dude, WTF do you care? Each person ordered an appetizer so it's basically the same thing as ordering an entree. Don't be a douche.  The Good: The menu seems to have lots of options.  The Bad: They don't really seem Irish.  The Ugly: They really aren't that good. And despite the fact that most places will alter whatever menu item to suit your tastes, they won't. I asked for the Mushroom and Bacon grillbread with out Bacon (I know odd) but was told that "the grillbreads are pre-made and with how busy it is right now, the kitchen can't do it." Thanks. Maybe I didn't have a problem with waiting and that the rest of the food looks unappealing to me.   Here are a couple of other things that annoyed me: There was never a drink list. I get that this is a pub type place and they'll have the standard beers like Guinness. But what about Newcastle? What do you have in bottles? I didn't really want to deal with our waiter anymore than I had to so I just ordered what I saw on a sign on the table. The outfits are really stupid. And I hate to be mean, but some of those girls should not be wearing skirts that short. The music also sucked. At one point we wondered if they were playing Christian Rock. If you want to play Irish music, play it. Don't play Irish easy listening though.  For a Friday night, it wasn't horrible. A couple of glasses of Harp will mellow anyone out and for the most part I was having a blast catching up with some old friends, peppered with shitty service from this place. Tempe Marketplace is not close to me, and I'm pretty sure I'll never be back. There are so many other places in Phoenix that have a pub feel that I'd rather try them then come back to this poor imitation.
i went here first night after it opened. Even though they had just opened the service was decent a little slow but not to bad... very helpful helping me pick something I hadn't tried before.   Social hr prices on select beers is a good but no food specials is a bummer.   Probably won't go there often considering other options at Tempe Marketplace.
After seeing a movie late Saturday afternoon, the husband and I decided to try D'Arcy McGees since we were in the area. Big mistake. It's the Disney World version of an Irish pub. The hostesses and waitresses are dressed in short plaid skirts and knee highs. The menus are super glossy and remind me of the ones you get at Ruby Tuesdays. Not much on the menu appealed to us, which made selecting something to eat hard. There isn't much on the menu that screams Irish pub to me at all except for boxtys.  We had the "Blarney Chips" as an appetizer which were waffle fries, cheese, tomatoes and jalapeno peppers. They were not good at all. The "nippy cheese" was Cheez-Whiz! It also made the fries soggy. We left quite a bit on the plate. For dinner, Chris had the Yorkshire pudding appetizer, which he said was reasonably good. I had the Warm Goat Cheese salad...mistake. The goat cheese was mixed with herbs and something else that Chris and I can't put our fingers on, but whatever it was, it did not taste good. The spring mix was good, but if you mess up lettuce, then you should not be in business. For 2 beers, 2 appetizers, and 1 salad, our bill came to $42. Prices were definitely on the high side for the quality of food.  D'Arcy McGees has no atmosphere at all and could really be helped by having live bands. It really is a restaurant and has no pub feel to it at all. As Chris said, this wouldn't be a place you would just go and drink like you would at other pubs in the Valley like Rosie's or Rula Bula. To sum up our experience at D'Arcy McGees, when we were waiting to pay the bill, Chris looked at me and said, "I wish we had just gone to Chipotle instead."
I did not plan to eat here, so I had not read any reviews prior to going.  I don't think McGee's is nearly as bad as some of the reviews I've since read-at least my experience was not.  Is it an authentic Irish pub?  No, but last time I checked we're in the middle of the desert and it's 110 degrees outside.  Every place I've been to at Marketplace is pretty commercialized anyway.    We had lunch this afternoon.  Not too busy at all.  The server came before I had a chance to see the drink menu.  I asked if they had any cider.  "Like a cider beer?" she asked.  Well, I don't mean apple juice.  She suggested something I agreed to.  Since I'm not a beer drinker, I didn't recognize the name of the beer--probably because it wasn't cider.  Which by the way, there is cider on their drink menu.  I was not impressed she didn't know that, but overall, service was good.  But in any case, we ordered Yorkshire pudding for an appetizer.  My husband and I both enjoyed it.  I ordered fish and chips.  The fish is haddock.  Maybe it's not the best fish you've ever had, but it was cooked nicely-not overdone at all.  My husband had a shepherd's pie which he also had no complaints about.  I did like that both our entrees came with the option to order a smaller size.  I wish more restaurants offered this, especially this time of year when the leftovers would spoil by the time you made it to your car which might be 1/2 mile away given the parking situation here.  They seem to have some nice drink specials on different days of the week.  It's also a decent sized space if you have a larger group.  A pleasant experience.
I must first confess that I did not eat here so take this review with that context.  I'm reviewing this simply from a beer & service standpoint.  First, I like the atmosphere.  They did it in dark wood.  The place has music...but it's not too loud.  The beer selection is great.....and I had a fantastic experience with service.  The bartender was very attentive and a good conversationalist.  I would go back again.
Ok, so I went to this place on Saturday night with a first date.  Its located inside the Tempe Market place sortof near the theatre section.  So, I get there, and its a late date.  Like 10:30 PM.  On a Saturday Night.  They had a few security people checking ID's, and after I did that and got my hand stamped, my date and I went and got seated.  The place was half empty!  There were people at the bar area, and a few seated throughout the rest of the resturant.  So, we sit down.  For some reason, service took forever here.  My date went to the bar and ordered drinks, but eventually the server came by and took it for us.  (he was waiting for a while at the bar.)  I guess after a certain time they only have a limited menu.  So, we ordered our food.  He got a burger and fries, and I got this bread with stuff on top of it.  His burger looked delicious, and my bread looked appitizing and was tasty.   Another thing I disliked was that there was some kind of band playing here...and it was really really loud.  I mean, I personally am not a band critic, but it was really annoying, and loud, and I couldnt carry on a conversation or be heard.  So, not condisive to enjoying a dinner.  Anyways, I cant say that I would reccomend this place, the food was okay, but the service was SO SLOW, and the music was super loud and annoying.  I dont plan on returning anytime soon.
Ok...maybe I just don't know Irish food...I didn't think this place was horrible...but it wasn't the best either. I came here with the cuz before we set out to the most amazing concert in the land.  (That would be Neil Diamond, btw.  And yes, this review is a little late)  It was a Friday night and I was surprised that it wasn't busy...even with drinking folk. I did order too much food.  But I can never turn down French Onion soup...which I thought was very yummy.  I thought that the menu options were a bit scarce and I really couldn't find anything else that sounded good...but I did end up with a chicken sandwich.  The cuz did like her pot pie... we did order calamari as an appetizer which was good.  The big problem was that they did bring out our main dishes way too soon.  LET ME DIGEST!!!! Would I come here again?  Since it is down the street where i live, there is a good chance.
D'Arcy McGee's reminds me of Casey Moore's lameass cousin who shops at Wal-Mart, invites clients to dinner parties and talks about work every second you're with him.  It's just so corporate.  Everything that could be potentially perceived as being a "pub" or "Irish" or "fun" is whitewashed with wholesome, Tempe Marketplace diarrhea.  My main complaint is that it seems like a bar that my aunt and uncle would love.  They'd think the dcor was really cute and they'd then become regulars.  I feel a little bad for the girls that work there.  They wear these plaid miniskirts and these high socks and it's just the ideal image for a pervy, fatass businessman to drool all over.    That being said, this place isn't all bad.  The one advantage it has is that it's pretty damn close to the movie theater.  So, conveniently enough for me, I can slip in, grab a couple beers and a couple cocktails and watch something good and buzzed.  Oh, and one time I smoked a cigarette outside and I saw someone hock a loogie onto a cop car.  I laughed.  Two stars for the loogie and for the convenient location.
I stopped by D'Arcy's one Friday night in Tempe for dinner and drinks.  Now, I notice some poor ratings in here.  But, for Rodney Peete's sake, take a good look at yourself in the mirror for a second and look at what you're complaining about.  YOU'RE IN ARIZONA.  Do you really expect there to be the greatest Irish cuisine?  That's like eating a turkey without a chicken and a duck in it!!  But anywhoo, my bro and I ordered some potato skins with bacon and sour cream for a crappetizer.  They were friggin delicious.  Imagine the whole wedge of 'tater cut and then deep fried... almost like a tuber version of one of those Mrs. Smith fish sandwiches... you know what I'm talkin bout?    My mom useta make me those fishburger thangs all the time growin up...  *drool*    But anyway.  Our waitress was real cool and we tried to get her to do Irish carbombs with us.  She wanted to but apparently it was "against company policy." (!?)  All in all, pretty good for some Irish flava while in the middle of a desert.  Tempe Marketplace is dope.
This place has a complex about what ethnicity is it. Plaid skirts are Scottish, food from the U.K. only includes Northern Ireland, and the boxty this place served me came in a potato tortilla. Really. just like at the Old Town Tortilla Factory. For the record, boxty isn't entirely irish. In fact with the exception of a burger and mash potatoes, nothing on this menu would appear on a menu in ireland, not even at the airport.  and even if boxty was a reguarly served food there, its always done poperly by shredding potatoes. Thats in fact the only part of the dish that makes it the dish. That aside, even what what in our "boxty" was gross. I didn't expect a lot, but this place dissapoints.
You MUST try breakfast at D'Arcy McGee's! It was a wonderful departure from the boring, routine fare offered in so many restaurants in the valley. The hash is the only hash I will eat, with generous amounts of corned beef and cooked to a wonderful crunch.  The appetizers are very good, as is the soup. (stew really.) Lunch and dinner are equally pleasing with a tasty variation on the tradional boxty and fish and chips that are a challenge to finish the portion is so large. (I discovered later that you can order smaller servings of almost everything on the menu.)  If you enjoy GOOD beer then D'Acy's won't disappoint you with Guienness, Harp, Bass, Smithwick's and several other wonderful examplers of the brewers art. But if you insist on bland domestics they have those as well. ;)  Fridays they have an Irish happy hour from 3 - 6 serving pints of Guienness, Harp & Smithwick's for only $3.00! Worth the trip all by itself.  The feel of the place is that of an Irish pub, with a goodly amount of American marketing thrown in. If you are looking for an "authentic" Irish pub D'Arcy's falls a bit short. But the food is worth the visit, the service is excellent, and it feels enough like a pub to transport you away from the stifling heat of our desert home.  Give D'Arcy McGee's a try, you will enjoy it.
D'Arcy McGee's is like a beauty contestant... nice to look at but inept when it comes to basic talents.  On several visits the service has either been slow, bad or downright invisible.   The food is avg. at best, and definitely reflects the corporate chain mentality behind the place.  It's as much and Irish/Celtic pub experience as Outback is a celebration of Australian fare.
I love how many people rag on this place because its too "corporate". Who cares?!? I went last week and I really liked the dish I had, it was like a beef stew marinated in Guinness with mashed potatoes on top, my only complaint was that it was a little bit small for my liking, but what can I say I love to eat. The server I had was awesome, like maybe the best service I have had in 6 months. People you should know what you are getting into. It shouldnt be a shocker that when you go to a giant mall in tempe that the decor and atmosphere are not the same as a hole in the wall in Ireland, call me crazy, but maybe I am just not a complete moron.
This place is just ok. It looks nice and we hoped for the best but it felt like a large fake chain. We had a large technology group who wanted to meet there and they claimed to have wireless, but their signal was terrible and their hardware wasn't worth it. We asked them to help accomodate us and that we'd be bringing back large groups again, but they didn't seem interested in our business and we've not been back since.
St. Patty's is around the corner and I have to say after last nights dinner it prompted me to check Yelp and wonder how it faired because I had one of the best experiences I ever had at an irish pub (At least in this city).  Little did I know that you guys have not enjoyed the great atmosphere and surprisingly good food.   I am not irish nor do I know what Irish food really looks like but I will tell you that Yelp is about food not about politics so keep those feelings to yourself.  Whether its a corporation or not the food was very good.  The drink selection was very respectable.  I don't think I have had erdinger on tap here in the states.  I met the owner of the place and he was very good with our table and gave us some background of the company's growth in the States from Canada.  I had the hamburger that was recommended by one of the servers and it was one of the best burgers I have had in a long time.  Yes I know an Irish bar?  It was well cooked the fries were great and pairing that up with a pint is quite welcoming.  We had the bread pudding for desert and it was by far better than the rocks they have served me at several places around town.  Bottom line its Great! its also March 2009, The place is now a bit more tenured so maybe it was a bit of time it needed to get up and running,  Definitely fine me here on St. Patty's.
Must be that I always go with an Irish they always treat us good and enjoy their Sheppard's pie and the Rubens! Good for Brunch but somehow I still don't like Tempe Market place to eat outside...  Tuesday is a good deal for beers, 2 for 1!!
This place sucks. Please seat yourself and please serve yourself. After sitting for about 5 minutes we watched 3 servers ignore us & had to go inside. We watched this happen with 2 other tables. The music sucks, don't order liquor drinks because you'll be paying $10 for soda water!
I had dinner with a friend after going to see a movie at the Cine Capri and it was much better than I expected. They had a lamb burger with Stilton cheese that I tried (order it with Sweet potato fries, not the wedges as listed, so you get some crunch) and they serve it on what appears to be a home made bun. The servers were nice (had sort of a twisted kilt look with young girls by the way, it may be Scottish but adds a fun touch) and I had the Erdinger beer - a light wheat beer from Germany, on draft - that was great (Irish bar with Scottish kilts, serving German beer but I love German beer but don't like German food so it worked out). I'm going out there to try the home made corn beef hash with their late breakfast so the rating may go up - the think I have noticed about this place is that over time, they have continued to improve - which is the mark of a good restaurant. I consider it probably one of the best eating choices in the mall, at this point.
I'd been looking forward to trying another Irish Pub, and after reading Yelp reviews of a few other places in Tempe Marketplace, we decided to try D'Arcy's out.   We walked in, and it has the pub feel, dark paneling, and some potted ferns.  Overall it was a pleasant atmosphere.  Walked up to the bar to sit at 1:00 PM on a Sunday, and was a little upset that we had to ask the bartender to wipe the debris of the previous patrons off the bar.  I was slightly more disturbed that she looked like I had asked her to do inappropriate things with a duck.   Once the bar was clean, I was happy with the on tap beer selection, and most of the menu items looked good.  We ordered the Stilton Cheese appetizer - warm cheese in a brown bread bowl with bread and apple slices to spread the cheese on.  Honestly, I could have eaten that all day long.  My friend ordered the Sheppard's pie, and I got a burger (was so in a red meat mood).  Both were made well, and very flavorful.  Portions were large, but not ridiculous sized. Once again, I was too full to even think about a dessert, but it looked like they had some interesting options.    Other than the little bit of crumb drama at the beginning, the service was friendly enough, and I was happy.  I'd like to go back on a weekend night and see what they are like with a few more bodies, but it was a perfect break in the middle of shopping at Tempe Marketplace.
I have walked past D'Arcy McGee's several times, but have never stopped inside. In trying to find a location for a large happy hour to honor three co-worker birthdays, we initially stopped by another restaurant in the Tempe Marketplace.  That turned out to be a bust thanks to poor service, so we scrambled for a new location before everyone else showed up. D'Arcy McGee's was able to handle the request and allocate large spacing on the patio for all of us.   The bar had a nice selection of happy hour items from 4-6, including $3 Harp, Guinness, and one of my increasingly favorite beers the Four Peaks Kilt lifter. The happy hour prices did not extend to food, but our party ordered the baked brie, the chicken wings, the vegetarian grill bread and the mini Yorkshire puddings. Each was about $9-$10, but very tasty. The waitress kept the drinks filled and made sure to come by more quickly as happy hour came to a close. I ordered another drink 10 minutes before happy hour and a few minutes later the waitress brought me a second drink seconds later.   The atmosphere was great, the service was wonderful and the staff was able to help our party out at the last minute. The evening turned out to be a good time.
There are a few things you need to make sure you have down when opening a pseudo-Irish pub and restaurant in America (besides spelling restaurant correctly. not that I'm pointing any fingers *yelp*):   ** A suitable name with Mc or O' thrown in there somewhere preferably right before a name like Caffrey's or Boole's.   ** You need U2's entire discography and every other Mick bastard (said in the most loving way possible) music artist/group (as long as their brogue is thick enough to discern. note: Scottish bands may also be used because what real American can tell the difference anyway?) that ever produced a single track rotating through the ceiling mounted speakers just above loud enough to hear. Awwe yay, just what I always wanted more Cranberries. Zaw-awm-bey! zaw-awm-bey! ey! ey! ey! oh! oh!  ** Emerald Isle and the bastard Imperialists across the way standard eats: shepherd's pie, fish and chips (with malt vinegar dammit!), Scottish eggs, corn beef hash...  ** GUINNESS! (Is fearr de th Guinness), cider of some kind, Harp...  ** Whisky!  ** Irish-y type ambiance but cleaner and new. Dark wood and pictures of Irish miners/railroad workers and pictures from the potato famine (nothin' makes me appreciate not being able to finish all my food and the greatness that is America and to be American like a picture of a starving sickly Irish child. ahhh the good ol' days. give my scraps to the rats, I'm done.)  There maybe a couple others that I missed but I doubt they, Prime Pubs/D'Arcy McGee's Inc. or Llc or Corp or whichever it is franchise, missed anything. Just so you know, if you do notice anything that might look slightly askew it's probably OK but be aware because this company was founded in Canada.   I have been to this location a couple or 3 times before mostly because it is the lesser of evils at Tempe Market(ing)place and they have beer. This most recent was with me Dah. We were headed to a Dr. Parnassus for a Gilliam fix but ran a wee bit late and missed the 10 of the clock showing so after kicking a few rocks we decide... food! Came down to two places; pseudo-Mexican or pseudo-Irish. Luckily I was able to convince my partial Creator that being served was a better idea than, 'carne asada burro... yes, black beans please... lettuce... *shuffle, shuffle* guacamole... cheese.... *shuffle, shuffle* yes, hot please.... yes, that's it and a Coke please.' And we could possible catch some the Olympics. We pull up to the bar and the not too friendly (just the right amount of friendly) bar wench asked us how she could service us (wink! wink! nudge! nudge!). '2 frosted glasses of your finest Coca Cola please!' I shouted. It wasn't even noon people, geesh! I'm not a savage, only like a quarter savage or something like that. Then I continued with 'and a round of the same for our new friends at the bar!' Luckily there wasn't anyone else seated at the bar at the time. Imagine if it had been full I would have been out like 7 big ones and I really like one dollar bills. They are my favorite.  After she threw a couple of menus at us and told me that I might not want to order the spring lamb pie because the lamb takes longer to prepare (which was very nice of her because I had a lot of nothing to do later that day) I decided on just the plain ol' shepherd's pie just like me dear ol'Da ordered and also an order of calamari and shrimp to start. I hadn't had calamari since my first nightmare experience with it back in the previous century. I think I suffered a little PTSD from it but I knew that part of my recovery involved exposure so there I went and how it went with the calamari was well. The shrimp was a smidge over done though but passable. Shortly after we inhaled the tentacles and shrimp abs the shepherds pie arrived. The pie was fair in the most average way and was smartly handled by my fork and mouth.  Oh yah! Hi-liter! They have Magners Cider! but that same bar wench wouldn't give me one. She said they were out. I think she may have been lying to keep it all for herself. That redheaded doxy looked a little shadowy from the get go but tricked me with a grin and I didn't notice that she spoke out of both sides of her mouth. So I have to go back because Magners is a really good cider. Unlike Strongbow and ACE, Magners is a reason why you would look forward to having to go back to a mediocre bar/restaurant.   2 stars because yah, I've had better and a-ok it is just not.
Love the Blarney Chips!! They are waffle fries with nacho toppings on steroids! The late night menu rocks! Bar service was much better the second time around.
Very disappointing.  I don't understand why it is called an Irish Pub.  The food was not great, very expensive, and the service was bad (considering we were the only ones in the place.)  Much better places to go when you feel like spending $40 on a meal for two
This is really just a nice bar/restaurant. Just because you decorate in green for St. Patty's day, play Dropkick Murphys or Flogging Molly, & serve Irish beer doesn't necessarily make you an Irish pub.  4 of us came here to listen to The Sharett Miller Duo since my friend knows Sharett. I recommend you check Sharett & Tom out. They're very good. http://www.myspace.com/sharettmillerduo  We were carded at the door & stamped with the word "Craic". I have a pretty large vocabulary but was unfamiliar with this word. I asked what it meant. I was told, "It can mean anything you want it to." My response was, "That is not a good answer." I wasn't drunk enough for that BS banter. Don't stamp my hand with a word if you don't even know what it means. I was honestly curious.  Anyway, here's what it means: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craic  I hope our server was new. She came over & tried carding us, again. 1 of my friends asked for a black velvet. She asks, "Black & tan? My other guy friend's last name is Schneider. He spotted a Schneider Weisse on their menu. He just had to order that. Our servers' response: "Is that a beer?" Oh boy...  My smoking friend liked that they had a patio.  I liked the dark stained wood paneling & beams.  Also, the restrooms are brightly lit & clean. Nice. Wish the sinks were automatic though. I'm a slight germ freak when it comes to public restrooms.
One word. Poutine. Best thing ever. I was beyond excited when I saw D'arcy had poutine on the menu. I would go back just for that...
Maybe this rating is a bit harsh.  It wasn't that bad.  But, I also think that we have ALL been to more authentic pubs which were more comfortable, and offered better fare than this location.  I want to give a third star, but, I cannot because it would be misleading when you consider other places that I have given a three star rating.  After three visits, here is what I will say and why I am leaving it at two...:-(  1. If you decide to be daring and offer a stilton based boule for a starter...PLEASE ADD STILTON.  It cannot be cream cheese with a few crumbs of stilton because those who really love stilton are going to be ordering it JUST for that strong odor and taste.  Don't cheat. 2.  Two of the three times I visited, you were out of rice for your curry dish.  REALLY?  Poor planning.  And, it is VERY hard for me to give marks on an Irish Pub without tasting its curry.  Sadness. 3.  Service with a smile.  Not a snarl.  And although my heavily tattooed server was pleasant with us, she really must have been having a bad night on one of my visits where she had to basically ignore a small group having a birthday because she voiced that they were too " needy".  It's their birthday!  And they were born in May.  One should anticipate some neediness. 4.  I have to give you props for the mini yorkshire puddings but technically those are not irish.  They are northern England.  Hence the name?  But they are good. 5.  Fisherman's Chowder needs to be less gelatinous and more fishy.  You don't need to have corn starch added to the broth.  Was this done to once again spread this out and save on fish?  Not sure but it was not a winner.  It was just not right. 6.  The Steak and Mushroom Crock:  just ok.  Got it twice and found it very salty.  I keep wanting to give the place another go. Here's why.  I like that there is an attempt to have live music on the weekends.  And the spirit of the Irish sing a long is alive there.  So, if we can just get some of the food items worked out and some of the people to love their jobs... it could be better.  I just know it can.  Please?
If this were a review on service alone I would give 5 stars.  Our server, April, was very nice and attentive to our table.    I found the food to be a bit on the bland side.  My steak and mushroom crock was topped with instant potatoes.  The meat was tender and the mushrooms were fresh, but the instant potatoes were a deal-breaker for me.    My friend's lunch was pretty bland to her.  I did not taste it.    I will have to give this place another chance at a later date.  Their hamburgers looked really good.
I came in here last night before a movie to grab a pint of Guinness. I was very unimpressed with the decor, it looked very unauthentic, I also thought the service was horrible. We let the server know we were in a hurry and ordered our drinks and attempted to close our tab at the same time. That apparently was too much for her to handle. Overall, I didn't get a good vibe from this place, the food didn't look appetizing and it was overpriced. Needless to say, I won't be back. If you are in Tempe and want a good Irish pub, go to Rula Bula or Robbie Foxes.
See message below from the owner of D'Arcy McGees:  They do not use instant potatoes.  I would like to correct that portion of my review.    Amber, I am the owner of D'Arcy McGee's. We go through over 400lbs of potatoes a week. We have never used instant potatoes and never will. Your comments were not true. Come back to the Pub Tuesday -  Saturday from 11:00 AM - 04:00 PM  and I will take you for a tour of our kitchen so you can see for yourself.   Thanks,  Mike Dizinno
if you're the type of person who often frequents tempe marketplace you'll probably love it if not then im already sure your already at casey's laughing at the thought of drinking at this corporate sh*thole two or three beers ran my tab up to $31 dollars! idk about you but where i come from thats robbery a couple of pints should under no circumstance cost you $31 spare me
Yep 2 stars my friends.  I think this place gets the go simply because of the location.  Great place to put a restaurant let's just say - right outside the entrance to the theaters.  Other than that I'm not too impressed.  Food was edible and that's all I'll say, but nothing that really stuck out.  I guess I'm being too harsh, but I'm a food snob - I have the rights! :)  Decor is interesting.  They try to get the old pub feel, quite comfy and cozy but it's just not the same without snow - oh PHX!  However, I've been to a more interesting Irish pub up north called the skeptical chymist - and definitely more fun.  Service was kind and upbeat, which I expected from restaurants in Tempe Market Place.  Gosh, can you imagine that crowd they deal with!  - Enjoy!
While I may not be the biggest fan of Tempe Marketplace, I can understand the appeal. I probably in all likelihood will not be making my way back in a good long while. I may have my complaints, and gripes; but owner Michael D has shown me true sympathy and understanding regarding my distaste, and his generosity speaks volumes as to what kind of establishment he is trying to run.  With that said, and a good amount of time having elapsed since my last visist, the sting of my bill doesnt hurt as badly as it did that first afternoon. and if i recall correctly, those 3 beers I had were fairly large Carlsbergs, so I can understand their price tag. All in all D'Arcy McGee's is a nice place, with good food and a relaxed atmosphere. I take back my petty complaints.
came here for dinner with a friend last night. we were seated right away. the food was good. i had the seafood pie and my friend had the chicken tikka masala boxty. i love that they serve black velvets (guinness and cider) here! one of my fav drinks. service was good. our waitress was really good about checking in with us. theres a nice outdoor patio area which is perfect now that the weather is cooling down. would i come back? sure!
The Octoberfest menu is a great addition to the fall menu's and the new beer's always are great, this is by far one of the best pubs in the east valley.  They actually have good beers that you should expect at a pub and also the food compliments well.  Not just the average fried food you get elsewhere.
menu is fairly lacking, even for an irish pub, and a bit overpriced, but maybe they have to be to make the rent...although they seem to make it up in booze sales.  staff was a bit rude and non-existant at times, but not much else around hre for irish pubs.  the guiness was good, but hard to screw that up I guess!
I hear they're big in Canada!   Seriously, this is a Canadian chain of Irish-themed restaurants. Among pub-style chains (think Rock Bottom, Yard House, etc.) they offer a decent choice.   I did not love my sandwich (It was a special but so unimpressive, I can't even remember what it was...) but the short rib grillbread was decent. Saw some other menu items I'd be interested to try.   Good happy hour, with half price apps and reasonable drink prices.
This place is the Applebee's of Irish pubs.  While they do have typical pub fare and drinks, the place just felt fake to me.  The entire staff was very pleasant but I'd much rather go to Rula Bula or KC Moore's.  The vibe at those places is much better.    I can't fault this place for trying though.  Trying to make an Irish pub into a chain can't be an easy task.  However, this place fits in perfectly in Tempe Marketplace and is probably a crowd pleaser.
Went to D'Arcys with a couple of co-workers for happy hour on a Friday night, and have to say this is a sweet little spot. Staff was friendly service was fast. I cant really say if the food was good because all we had was drinks, they have plenty of Beers on tap, if that's your thing, but also have great prices on well drinks. Most definitely will be back for happy hour!
Seems overpriced for the quality of food.  I've been here probably 5 times, each time the appetizers and the entrees are just so-so.   There is one fantastic dish there, the goat cheese salad.  But again, it's goat cheese salad and I'm sure most people want something a bit more hearty when looking for an Irish pub.   That is quite honestly the only good dish I have have had there, or people I know have had there.  The menu is tradtional Irish fare, but it's just not that good, plain and simple.  Happy hour is pretty decent.
Didn't eat, but they have Four Peaks peach ale on tap and good happy hour prices on the beer, so that will earn them 3 stars!
Ok, here's the deal. I spent my junior year abroad in Irleand. Pub=happy, community low key place to relax. This place was so full of it's own Irishness that I was floored.   I went in to have a little lunch while waiting for the techies at Best Buy to finish up a computer repair. Sat at the bar. I can say that the place is a magnet for power lunches with more expense account than they know what to do with. Other than that, the place wasn't seeing much by way of traffic. I was the only one at the bar, and their did not seem to be any in there dining "for pleasure".   The walls blast you with plaques of witty sayings about what it means to be Irish. Good thing, because other than that you would have no friggin clue that the place was "Irish" The decor was pompous and straightlaced. Quite honestly a real Irish pub would have kicked this sissy pub's ass.  I had a couple glasses of Cabernet and the short ribs. The ribs were pleasant, meaty rich and the julienned veggies a bit oversteamed for my taste, gravy A-ok.   They carded me which was amusing. The bill came to $22 for the wine and ribs, which seems a little much to me. But then again, I guess it takes some serious lettuce to be that authentic.
Y'know what? I usually try to go to a place a number of times before reviewing it. I was only here once an NEVER WANT TO GO BACK. It's just awful corporate "Irish" BS! Their burger (Mushroom Swiss I believe) was $14! So much I remarked to my friend how excited I was to try this ridiculously priced burger...it was moderately OK.   They had a Tullamore Dew mirror but no Tullamore on the menu (Tullamore Dew is an Irish Whiskey), going back to the place being "Irish." I asked the manager about the whiskey and he had no idea what I was talking about.  The best part! They had a beer menu with domestics and imports. Imports were $1.50 more and Fat Tire was listed on there as a Belgian import. Now it is from New Belgium Brewing, which is located in that far of land of Colorado! Again, asked the manager about that, he had no idea what I was talking about.
Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday with the wife and mother. Three stars because two-and-a-half is not an option.  The Good: Happy hour on a Saturday... that's a good thing. We were early for happy hour on the first round, but we got the second round at happy hour prices. I am a beer freak and like to try new stuff. I had a couple of Erdingers, a German beer. Go figure that the the thing I enjoyed most in an Irish pub is a German beer.  The Not-So-Good (Bad is too strong a word): My club sandwich was just so so. Maybe it's my fault for just not ordering a burger in a pub or being too cheap to spend nearly $15 on fish and chips. Three slices of toasted multigrain bread with mayo, tomatoes, turkey and bacon. Sounds hard to mess up, right? All I tasted was dry, over-toasted bread. I hardly found any turkey. Wife and mom both had the burgers (Moral of the story: women are smarter than men). They looked fine but maybe a little dry to me. They did not rave about them so I figured they were just OK. If it was really good my wife would have said so.  The Ugly: $70 at lunch for a glass of wine, four beers, two burgers and a pile of bread. In my best Irish accent... a wee bit pricey.  If I go back: It will be during happy hour and, because Mom knows best, I will order the burger.
Love Darcy's for a beer and some yummy cheese dip !
I thought I'd give this place another try. That was a mistake. They still can't pour a proper pint of Guinness (how hard can this be, the instructions are on the Guinness website). I had to send the pint back twice and finally gave up on the third one. The food was flavorless and cold. One person in my party had a soggy cold burger that appearred to me microwaved.  On a Saturday night, this place was empty. I don't understand with the reviews on here and the lack of business on the night most people go out to eat, how they are still open.   I rated this with one star because our service was incredibly nice (and apologetic when she realized none of us ate our meals or drank the Guinness and cut the price of our bill in half). I feel bad for the wait staff.
I went here with a large party and I get it that large parties can be a bit difficult to accommodate sometimes but is asking for a little smile too much for the 18% gratuity we have to pay?  The food was alright but an odd issue came up. I wanted to order a small salad and was told that they only had one size...okay, no problem - but then why did someone else in the same party order the same exact salad in a small size? Whatever, I'm not going to make a big deal about it. We had the same waitress the whole night and her only saving grace was that she warmed up a little bit towards the end of the night and was kind enough to split our bill the way we wanted to. This wouldn't be a first choice if I came back to Tempe Marketplace.
Service was great! Our waitress was genuinely interested in our satisfaction. We happened to be there on 1/2 off Wine Wednesday which made us very happy.   First, we waited far too long for our waitress to bring our wine. It turns out that they couldn't find the House variety that we ordered, so they upgraded us to a higher quality brand for the same price of the House and a complimentary dessert type of drink at no cost. This was a chocolate, Kahlua drink that was very good! That corrected the long wait.   The appetizer was so-so. We ordered the Shrimp and Artichoke Dip. It was a little bit spicy, but it wasn't too bad. Dinner was also OK. My husband ordered the corned beef with cabbage and loved it. I thought it was terrible, because of the heavy clove flavor. I ordered the beef and mushroom crock. The menu was vague, and I didn't realize the mashed potatoes were actually served on top of the stew.  I also had them put some cheddar on top. It was good, but not exceptional. Bland flavors but edible.   I think my dish must have sat on the warming counter or in the oven for a long time because the cheese was practically baked, not just melted, and the stew was extremely hot with the crustiness that appears when something sits too long. I'm not kidding when I say "hot". We could see it steaming and I had to wait awhile for it to cool off enough to eat.  I suppose I could have sent it back, but I didn't.  The seasonal vegetables were good.   Altogether, with our coupon and the half off wine, it was an inexpensive meal for two. We were happy with the service and tipped according to the pre-discount amount. Although the food was not impressive, it was not bad, and we would probably go back with an appropriate coupon.
Well I've been to D'Arcy McGee's now for a third time (trying to give it the benefit of the doubt). The staff is always nice, the bathrooms are clean, and the place looks nice. With all that being said, I've found that each time we are there the food is only okay and the beer isn't cold enough. Yesterday was exactly the same as the times before. It's an easy place to visit after a movie or shopping, but I don't think I'll be back if I don't have to.
I went to this place to meet some friends in AZ for dinner.  I was very happy with the food, it was tasty and made quickly to order, as I had the Bleu Cheese Burger and a bowl of their chowder.  However, my service was slower then I would have liked, although friendly.  I also was not impressed with an Irish Pub not really having the strongest selection of beers on tap.  They did know how to make a Black Velvet, but were making it with the wrong cider (generally Magner's, which they had, is used, they used Strongbow) and they did not have a huge selection of Irish beers outside of Guinness, it was mostly domestics.  Also, it was not the easiest to locate in the shopping complex that it is located in, granted that's not totally their fault.  I'd go back, but mostly to give it another shot, hoping that my first impression wasn't correct.
Stopped in before a movie for a bite to eat.  Food was meh and the service was the pits.  I really didn't need to hear the servers talk about bloody cuts and how they were in the hospital while I was eating.  Standing right in front of me!  I'll be going elsewhere
I love D'Arcy McGee's. I can't say anything about their food as I have never eaten there. We only go for reverse happy hour where all drafts are $3. Where else in the valley can you get a pint of Hoegaarden for $3. They also have 4 or 5 different Four Peak Brewery beers on tap as well. It's a great place to grab a beer and for cheap.
So apparently the food was horrible according to 4 people so i know i wont be back for food even though the gravy cheese curd fries looked yummy enough
Stopped in for brunch while shopping with my girl Faun B., and I was pleasantly surprised by the decor and the service.  Our waitress was absolutely AWESOME, really friendly, attentive, just top notch.    The food was "ok", nothing special but filled the belly without breaking the bank "too much" (I had the chicken pie, which was $11 so not exactly on the cheap end).  FYI though, Faun B. had the corned beef hash and said it was the best she had ever had.  They had a build your own bloody mary bar which Faun B. took advantage of (I unfortunately was nursing a hangover from a wedding the night before) - a 2 oz pour was $5.      Can't say I'll be back unless I happen to be in the area on a Sunday morning, in which case I'd want to stop in and have a crack at the bloody mary bar.  Overall, I think there's better food in the marketplace, so will likely go to one of the other places.
Unfortunately, I have learned that I have been causing a dear friend to have headaches due to my neglect of Yelp. So starting today I am turning over a new leaf, and will be more diligent in writing reviews. First on the list, is D'arcy McGee's.  We met up here for brunch this past weekend, and I was intrigued by the build your own bloody mary bar. For $5, the server (who was a sweetheart btw) brought me a water glass almost full of vodka. Yippee!!! I was apprehensive about having to mix my own mary, but thanks to their wide array of ingredients (including 3 different types of bloody mary mix, and real horseradish), I am now confident in my ability to make bloody mary's. If only they had bottomless mimosa's, I'd have been in heaven.   Renata had the chicken pot pie, which was gorgeous looking, in it's own bowl of puff pastry, but apparently tasted like chicken soup and saltines. For $7 less, we could''ve put a Marie Callender's pot pie in the oven, and hung out in our jammies. But we were out halloween shopping, which kind of requires leaving the house.  I had the corned beef hash, which was delightful. It was real corned beef, all stringy and seasoned like corned beef should be. And instead of diced potatoes, they mixed the corned beef into creamy, fluffly, buttery mashed potatoes and made a giant meat and potato pancake... YUM! And the texas toast was amazing! I could have made a meal out of just the texas toast. The rest of their brunch menu looked kind of meh.   I think the place could be top notch if they focus more on true irish food, and practice at doing that really really well.
good stuff
Went to see a movie this Sunday morning at Harkins in Tempe Marketplace (no, not Real Steel, Ides of March people, give me credit for a little class) and is my wont I went with my fellow movie-goer over to this fine Irish establishment. The nice thing about Sunday lunch, it is not that crowded and the service is generally quite quick.  The server, a lovely young woman whose name I can't recall, in a fetching Scottish/Irish lass sort of outfit that is somewhat less risque than what one might find at the tilted kilt, was kind enough to let us know they had Pumpkin Porter from Four Peaks on tap so kudos to what is a chain restaurant for bringing some local brews into the mix and actively letting the customers know about the option.  However, I've had it several times so I chose a light wheat bear, the 20 oz size and I had the roasted beet and flat iron steak option. I generally get a burger but decided to try something new and wow, what a great meal option! It was a mixed green salad  with various additions to the side and not on the salad which was nice. It included a small but delicious portion of grilled flank steak, which was done to medium rare as asked, a portion of both golden and dark purple roasted beets and, to my delight, a small mix of blue veined cheese and walnuts. It went amazingly well with my wheat beer so glad I did not choose the pumpkin porter.  So yes, a chain restaurant, but that provides focus on operations, in this case, that enhances rather than making the dining experience overly bland. I don't think I would go out of my way to go here since I've got three Irish pubs in walking distance of my house (Casey Moore's, Robbie Foxes and Rula Bula) but for a place to go before or after a cinematic experience at Harkins, thumbs up to D'Arcy McGee's! :-)
D'Arcy McGee's serves up a mix of various cuisines that can be best summed up as Anglo-Saxon origin.  Ranging from dishes such as Irish boxty, corned beef and cabbage, Scotch eggs, Canadian poutine, and British Yorkshire pudding, portions are hearty and service is cheerful and pleasant.  The food quality itself is just OK, but it's a nice change of pace from your standard wings, pizza, or sandwiches that you find at other bar-type restaurants.
Their selection isn't great food wise but they have the best shephard's pie I've ever had. Their fish and chips and corned beef with cabbage are also favorites.
Had dinner here one night and I would probably rate it has a 2.5.  They claim to have the best fish and chips in town so my bf ordered them and he was not overly impressed with them at all.  The fish looked like they were drowning in batter and the fries were cold and not very good.  Our server was ok, not overly friendly and not overly rude either.  I probably do not have to come back to this place.  If I want a pub feel I will probably head to the George and Dragon, at least there they have blackberry crumble!
i had the fish and chips. ($13) I've had better. Batter wasn't light, crispy and flavorful but undercooked and bland. The fish itself was perfectly done and thick but I'm sick of the places that serve fish that looks like it came from the grocer's freezer. Actually, Long John Silvers is better.  My wife had the shrimp and linguini which amounted to a big dish of noodles with some shrimp. ($11) Tomato and spinach mentioned in the menu was only one wedge of tomato and 1/4 of an oz. of spinach. More of a garnish really. We asked for more spinach and tomato and after 5 minutes got a cup of it.   Waitresses seemed to be gone somewhere and hard to track down even though it was dead.   Music was good. Ranging from Irish pub rock to classical rock. Nice decore. Very Irish.
Michelle and April are our favorite bartenders in all of Tempe Marketplace! The food is excellent and the service is outstanding. We love going here because the bartenders tend to the patrons in a friendly, outgoing manner. We love Darcy's! Great food, awesome atmosphere, wonderful staff.
Stopped in there for a late lunch....AMAZING!   Really. Something for everyone and great lunch prices, not crowded, plenty of parking & excellent service (hot chicks in kilts and knee socks).  3 generations of Irish women go into a bar...no joke...we all thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. -I had the $9 grilled chicken sandwich (thick bacon, chicken breast on ciabatta with savory sauce lettuce tomato and salad greens) w/ a salad. My grandma had the $9 seafood pie (whole shrimp and scallops in typical pie filling/filo dough wrapped) w/ a salad. My mom had the $4 bowl of french onion soup. Then we split a $5 chocolate volcano and $5 apple crisp with ice cream.  ~And their coffee tastes like there's a little chocolate in it. mmmmm....  I used to go here for beer and the cheese and bread appetizer before movies, but now I think this is the best kept secret LUNCH spot.
For a bar that is supposed to be an Irish Pub, this place isn't very Irishy or Pubby (are those words?).  The service is average, the drinks are moderately priced. I like the place as a bar but I don't like that their claim to fame is an Irish Pub. You do not get to be an Irish Pub because you carry Guinness or color the bar a dark cherry finish.  The food here isn't the best. It's classic bar food but even a step below that in quality. I had the fish and chips (over $10) and have had better at fast food joints.  There are plenty of bars in Tempe Marketplace. Give another a try, you'll be happy you did.
I went here on  Tuesday evening while I was at Tempe Market Place for dinner. Their prices seemed fairly reasonable and their food sounded interesting. I also figured it might be a good place for a beer.  My girlfriend and I waited for about 10 min in front of the greeter's both to be seated. Seeing as no greeter came up, we moved to become more visible to the bartenders and waitresses. As we moved into what was the restaurant, two different bartenders and what looked like the only waitress looked at us, tried to avoid eye contact, and walked away from us at least 5 different times. As we waited for an additional 5-10 min to be noticed and seated, I realized the place was actually really empty; 12 or so people (a few at the bar and two tables being served). At one point I went up to the bar to attract the attention of the bar tender, but as soon as she served the guy next to me she walked to the other end of the bar to serve someone else, ignoring my attempt to communicate with her.   We left and went to California Pizza Kitchen instead. I have never seen such a blatant disregard for friendliness or service. I have no idea if any of their food was good because I never got a chance to try it. I suggest you save yourself the hassle and go somewhere else.
We stopped in this weekend to grab lunch with some friends.  Of course, since my name is "Darcy" it was kind of a fun idea.  The food was ok, I got the mac and cheese skillet which was average at best, and only over $10!  Yikes!  My husband got the fish and chips and said it was alright.    The service was average and food very overpriced.  They need to rethink their menu and pricing quick in order to survive.
As far as an Irish pub goes, this pub has a long way to go to get a rating of 5 stars.  The food is below average (except the lamb burger which is only a periodicly available item.   The stew could be from a Dinty Moore can.   I have had some extremely rude waitresses and have not been back for several months.   I love Irish Pubs, but there are many better available in the Tempe area.
it was St. Patty's day and the crowd was enormous, at 5pm! luckily, we were seated immediately. given the crowd, i should let it slide, but we made up for the wait to get service. a good 8-9 minutes passed before our server showed up.   we weren't expecting fireworks, but i've had guiness before and this by no means would qualify as Guiness beer. it was over the top flat. like drinking flavored water. i struggled to drink it. no bubbles either. it's not the servers fault, but obviously the bartender was overworked, knowing it takes several minutes to correctly pour a guiness. but then, my wife's Bud Light was flat too! yech....but we ordered 2 more and they were a bit better, but not by much.   we both ordered the fish n chips. a rather meager portion considering they charged 9 bucks for 1 piece of fish. and i could count the number of chips on the plate on 2 hands. they also failed miserably in the water glass test.   alas, it was st. patricks day and everyone seemed to be lively and drunk so we didn't let the sub-par beer, food, or service get us down. but we won't be back.
This was based on my experience last Saturday for St. Patrick's Day. A friend was at another bar in North Scottsdale with live music and a $10 cover, but we opted to head to D'Arcy McGee's as it was closer to home, no cover, and also boasted of live music. Cut to scene..... We expected it to be crowded, as it should be on days like this, but service and quality shouldn't be lacking or otherwise what's the point? Surprisingly the hostess seated us right away, which was a delightful surprise. Flip that around though, that it took our server a good solid 10 min to acknowledge our existence. After apologizing she was friendly and polite and did check on us if we needed anything, but she failed the water glass test. Beers were horribly flat, was something wrong with the tap? Screwing up beer at an Irish bar on St. Patrick's Day is blasphemous. Our fish and chips tasted like they opened up a box of Gordon's and stuck it in the oven, and the few chips on the plate weren't worth the calories. Oh, did I mention there was no music?  Our experience didn't make me want to come back on another night.
I couldn't agree more with the other reviews about this place being over priced. I came here for the Road Runner Sports Adventure Run After Party.  The 4 of us sat down and wait for a few mins before we had to ask for a server.  A few minutes later the girl came over and greeted us and took our drink order. Shortly after that we ordered and the food came out promptly.  I ordered the chicken sandwich which had about a deli slice of grilled chicken breast on it.  I immediately returned it to the server and asked she take it off my bill.  What a rip off!  After that we had asked if she could take our picutre and she said 'no' not right now.  I understand she was busy, but her delivery of 'no' was awful.  We called a manager over and she made some excuse that they were short staffed, etc etc.  They were nice enought to buy us a round of drinks.  No apology from the server.  It was forgettable and hopefully Road Runner re-thinks where they do their after party next time.  ugh!
We came to D'Arcy McGee's for St. Patrick's Day and it was pretty busy! We decided to come to Tempe Marketplace for the block party and to see the greatest band ever, Filter, play (JK! Does anyone remember any other song they had besides "Picture"?...Didn't think so ;P). Once we found out we had to pay for it, we decided to come here instead.  The bar area was pretty busy and there was a long wait for a table so we decided to stay at the bar. Getting drinks wasn't easy since it was so crowded but we managed. One of the bartenders was really sweet. I was hungry so I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with fries. I originally wanted the fish and chips but they were out (how does that even happen? I thought this was a "pub"?!). The sandwich was okay, nothing to write home about. I thought the bread could have been toasted; definitely tasted like something was missing.   Drinks were mainly beer and carbombs the whole night, it being St. Patrick's Day and all. Normally carbombs are in a huge glass of Guiness and you drop a full shot of Jameson with a touch of Bailey's but this came in the smallest cup you could imagine. It was like one of those cups you get on an airplane filled with Guiness and a quarter sized shot of Jameson with the Baileys. WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?! I'm not a fan of carbombs (I'm lame, I know) but that was such a rip-off!  The only reason I had a good time was because I was in good company, other than that there really isn't much else to say about D'Arcy McGee's. I don't really get how this place is called a PUB when they are out of fish and chips and serve their IRISH carbombs in airplane drink cups!
They have a decent selection of draft beer. I ordered the Sheppard's pie: it had ok flavor, but was nothing impressive. It was mostly ground beef in gravy, with a very small amount of veggies. I got cheese added, and it was very low quality, I ended up scrapping it off. My husband got the chicken pie...also just ok. The puff pastry it came is was really chewy. The waitress was nice and we didn't have to wait long for the check. Overall, the experience was not bad, but its nothing I would go out of my way for...especially for the price.
I give them a 1 star for the penny shots and nothing else.  I never got to try any food here but the gravy fries looked alright. I like more cheese per se but what really caught my attention was the lack of service. We had been sitting with our friends and having a good time. My boyfriend had seen a poster in the mens bathroom for bomb drinks for 4.99 with everything. So my boyfriend had ordered the harlem bomb with his friend and she added on the redbull as an extra for like $3 a piece.   With 6 people or 2 couples at LEAST you would think when the waitress first came up she would ask if we wanted the check split up to save time/frustration/ and confusion. She seriously had the audacity to tell us that we should have told her?! REALLY THOUGH REALLY? What kind of waitress is she?! I understand if the bar is closing and its slowed down but that doesnt mean its okay for you to go run and hide in the back and make out with your boyfriend. My friend walked out of the restroom and saw them eating each others faces. While we had a movie to catch and could not find her anywhere.  So with 20 min before the midnight showing of moneyball she finally brought us our long check that she asked 6 of us to separate on our own because she obviously wasn't smart enough to remember what we got and split it.   We had a hard time with how it was set up on the bill because their computer was having problems. When  we wrote down what we had on backs of receipts and a menu she took the original bill from us when we told her that she charged us for the red bull we could tell she didn't want to get an approval for that by the way she grabbed the bill from us. EXTREME FORCE! AWESOME!  I LOVE when  waitresses gives me attitude. She is lucky I'm patient but she is not lucky that one of our friends was a waitress before and does NOT  take Sh*t from anyone especially from people with extreme attitude.  So she came back again after a good 10 minutes of getting the red bull taken off with one whole check again and slammed it on the table. When my friend had seen this she spoke up and said "YOU NEED TO GET BETTER SERVICE SKILLS" the waitress came back and was like "what did you say to me?!" My friend responded by saying "i know this is a lot of work for you on a slow night but slamming our receipt doesn't solve anything" The waitress kept arguing i am not going to type it all because it topped the worst customer service experience i have ever witnessed and don't understand how the broad has a job as a waitress. We had split up two of the orders by writing down what we had ordered.  So it was self explanatory. she came back again after another 10-15 minutes.  I really wanted to try their food and desserts but after that experience i don't think any of the 6 people including myself will be going back.    I had to leave to go save our tickets for the movie so god only knows if she kept up with her hostile behavior. Most horrid waitress ever. Don't know her name because she never introduced herself kindly to say if we needed anything to call her over. All i know is she was talll dark brown hair and had a piercing on her face i believe a monroe but i am not positive. BEWARE. SHE MIGHT BITE YOUR HEAD OFF! EEK!  i hope the managers read this and i wish i had the time to talk to someone higher up than that night but did not have the time since it took her over 30 minutes to take off red bulls and split up checks. If your business has 2 and a half stars wouldn't that make you want to change something?? Where is the guy from restaurant impossible when you need him to yell at that girl??
*Open*Open*Open*  Apparently, Lis Doon Varna was supposed to open in March.  It is now July.    There isn't any information provided on the building as far as an estimated opening date.  The website just has pictures of construction.  No information at all.  Maybe I am overly anxious for a new non-chain restaurant, but I really do believe it has been years that this has been in progress...  Will re-review once it opens...
Improving......  Lis Doon Varna will have their grand opening September 18, 2008.  They are currently open with a limited menu.  The building is lovely.  It is divided into different sections with some more private areas and boths and then open areas.  It definitely has a unique and welcoming atmosphere.    They are a Guiness Pub...which I hear is sort of a big deal.  People are excited about that (as a non-beer drinker I am out of the loop on that piece).  The food was delicious.  I am anxious to see their full menu.    Their "chips" aren't french fries or traditional potato chips, but real potato chips...potatos sliced and cooked.  The service was friendly but slow.  She was apologetic that she was in over her head.  I am guessing that's part of the reason why you open before your opening...to work out the kinks and get everyone trained.  I'm looking forward to coming back after September 18th and reviewing again.
This place has potential!  Inside there are about 3 different bar areas and the main dining area is open and has access to 2 of the bars. Outside is ample patio space and two more bars. The food was decent. My husband and father had the fish and chips and my mother and I had the Sheppard's pie. We shared a Guinness brownie for dessert which was good because the brownie was not overly sweet.  The thing that excites me most about this place is the large open dining area. It looks like a large drinking hall. Large tables in the middle, cozy wood booths on one wall, pub tables in another. With two separate bar areas in there it makes you feel that at any moment the whole place could erupt in song (at least this is what I am hoping will happen). The grand opening is not for a few weeks so the menu is limited right now, it will be interesting to see what becomes of this place after that.
stopped  by here when they first opened a while back the inside for me was like what you would expect an actual "irish" pub in Ireland to look like, instead of being littered with harp and guiness posters, it's more reminiscient of 19th century wood craftsmanship. the furniture pieces are somewhat mismatched, but it works, even the bench seats are of different heights, there's also a number of "galic" slogans and phrases carved into wooden plaques that I wish I understood,  I had the fish and chips, and this was probably some of the best fish and chips I've had in a while, the fish was very light and flaky and less like gortons than many other places would have you believe this dish should be served, my wife had the sheperds pie and it was quite tasty too. I also had a guiness, because in a place like this you feel like you might get odd stares if you're not swinging a big black beer, though that's not a bad thing. overall service was attentive.  we stopped by tonight with some friends hoping to grab dinner, we were told it would be about a 5 min wait, FF 20 minutes and we're still not seated, one of our friends goes to the host stand to find out what's going on but the hostess has disappeared droves of people off the street (presumably from the Giants/Cardinals game) and after 5 minutes of waiting for the hostess to come back we walked out and ended up going elsewhere.  regardless I would probably go back, just may be a while, seems like a fun place to have a guiness/harp/smithwicks, and I really liked the food.
"Your Bollix will be out soon"  Wow!  what kind of  drinks do you serve here? Sobriety to public nudity usually takes more than  a couple of ciders  so I have to ease your minds by  steering you to the starter menu over at Lis Doon Varna.  It's a stroke of marketing genius to include a dish with such a delicious pun as "hot bollix"   for a bar that's back story relates to the matchmaking tradition and can be quite the icebreaker on a date.  Let's just say that the idea of hot sauce on my bollix is ONLY appealing in the appetizer sense.   a nice  soft center of potato, onion , bacon and  scallions  , battered into balls and fried. you get a pretty robust  buffalo sauce  to heat it up with.    Now that I've stopped talking bollix lets get onto the rest of the meal.  About the only innovation I've seen in Irish pubs in the USA  occurs on the appetizer menu.Since no one seems to want to mess with the main courses too badly what follows shouldn't surprise anyone.  Main.  We had. The Beef and Guinness pie and the Bangers and mash. E.g  typical.  Firstly the pie.  Ahh separate  pastry , yes it's easier to cook that way but I really prefer it if the crust and meat enter the oven as one which gives a wonderful gravy soaked soft under layer to a contrasting flaky top. This was all flake. The filling was really good,  generous and quite rich.  Accompanying veg  of green beans  and carrot rounded it off nicely  Now to the bangers and mash.    Potatoes were  just too smooth to be "real" potatoes and came off as packaged which given that we  identified  the gravy mix supplier wasn't unexpected.  The sausages were fine but  this dish is phoning it in.   Bread Pudding.  Oh dear,  the base was a raspberry concoction that was out of place on this dessert. While whiskey  or rum sauce would have been nice  a  sickly raspberry ,a la pop tart, wasn't doing it for either of us. ( Kinda  like UK Virgin cola:) . The dish looks like it came of the bread pudding assembly line and is way  too neat for my liking. I prefer the more organic one over at Tim Finnegan's which degrades gloriously into a heavenly mess.  All in all we'll be  back to check out the rest of the menu *edits to improve grammar / typos still a work in progress.
Last week in an attempt to give Lis Doon Varna another try, I dragged my husband and my best friend in from out of town there. It was a Sunday evening, about 6 o'clock and while the parking lot looked full the actual restaurant had over half of their tables empty. That being said the hostess told us it would be a 10 minute wait. That would of been fine if it hadn't turned into a 25 minute wait and the same hostess kept disappearing. About 5-6 other tables came in after us and were all given the same quote on wait time.   I completely understand on being short of servers or a back up in the kitchen, but management needed to step up and help out the in experienced host staff. A lot of people walked out that evening and I am sorry to say I was one of them.
Does the matchmaking get better or worse, the more Guinness you drink? Lis Doon Varna, named after the Irish town famous for its annual matchmaking festival, celebrates its long awaited Grand Opening tomorrow, THURDSAY, September 18th  A funny thing happened on the way home from the beating the Arizona Cardinals gave the Miami Dolphins last Sunday. A new certified Guinness Irish Pub, called Lis Doon Varna, named after the town in Ireland with a popular matchmaking festival, finally opened. It took five years to build, from conception, Mike Garcia, the GM said. It was supposed to be open by the Super Bowl.  The reason it took so long to build is the furniture is all from Ireland. There's great attention to detail in the construction. Down to the floor tiles and the window to the mock children's sleeping quarters, upstairs. They designed the exterior to look like a town, with the thatched roof and storefronts.  They're proud to be serving their 20 oz Imperial Pints at the perfect temperature and the perfect specifications by Guinness. It takes 102 seconds to pour the perfect pint.  It just so happens, I was with Steve, the ultimate Guinness critic. There isn't an Irish Pub that goes by without Steve's truck getting sucked into the parking lot. Most recently, the James Joyce in Santa Barbara and Rosie McCaffrey's in Phoenix to hear Chrystal Baker and The Waters, who we love. I can talk music. Steve can talk Guinness. You'll have to ask him about the Guinness at those places. I'm trying to get him to Yelp.  I do know Sunday, Steve was a happy man. He said, sounding like a pretentious wine critic, "The Guinness is spectacular! Extra cold. Not one tint of bitterness. Smooth."   Why wouldn't it be? Mike said they built the whole Pub around the tap system, which is made of solid brass, "the largest in the nation."  They had a soft opening, which is why you've already seen reviews. We had wings. They were meaty and not over or undercooked. And tasty. The celery was crisp and cold. The ranch and wings sauce were both really good. They're paying attention to the food. We saw a huge thing called a boxty go by to another table. They raved about it and the macaroni and cheese. Turns out the boxty is "similar to a crepe or tortilla or potato pancake, cooked on a griddle, stuffed with fillngs and rolled." It looked big enough to feed a family of five.  What I learned was that Lis Doon Varna is named after the town Lisdoonvarna that holds an annual matchmaking festival. Being a matchmaker, I had no idea Guinness was gonna bring me to anything related to my profession! They had a matchmakers' booth, where the elders in the town would sit with someone and make a match.   I loved the interior. Take a walk around when you go. There's many rooms, lots of hard wood, the best booths I've seen, a stage with a 200 year old organ and of course, lots of Guinness and Irish Whiskey.  Mike said their highest selling beer is Guinness. Unlike others who claim they are Irish Pubs whose best seller is Bud Light.  The Grand Opening of Lis Doon Varna is tomorrow, THURSDAY, September 18th, 2008. If you LOVE a PERFECTLY POURED GUINESS, a decent selection of Irish Whiskey, live Irish music, huge proportions of tasty food in an ambiance reminiscent of old Ireland, then go join the fun. Just bring the number for a taxi.  They have a schedule of events and information on the story of how Lis Doon Varna got its name on their Website. I just looked it up. They have toasting contests during the day and if you win, you get to say them later that evening up on the stage.   So, you're telling me folks drinkin' Guinness are supposed to be able to speak coherently after hours of drinking, waiting for their turn at the mike? I thought Guinness was supposed to be a strong lubricant. It's THURSDAY. Are they tellin' us folks are taking the day off?  I'm writing this from a convention in Austin, TX, when I should be down having my own toddy in the bar. I won't see you there, but I'll be thinkin of ya.   I wonder. The more Guinness they pour, do the matches they make get better or just more plentiful?  PS We did notice one negative. The server was super friendly, but they left the dirty plates and napkins in front of us on the table instead of picking them up when we were done. After wings, you can get one heck of a messy stack of napkins.
I'm generally a big fan of the English/Irish Pub restaurant.  I love the shepards pie and the type of fare that can only be supplied by this type of restaurant.   However the last couple of time's that I have been there, there was just nothing to get excited about.  We recently went for a late lunch there and the food was really just adequate.  They didn't seem to have a lunch special menu like the sister store, Rula Bula does and the shepard's pie just wasn't top of the line.  I went there recently after dinner with a friend who hadn't had dinner.  He enjoyed his steak salad which he commented was the first thing he had enjoyed there in the last several times he had been.  He did have some sort of little bug in his cider tho.  I had a small salad and although it was good they put it on a tiny plate that basically let the greens just drop on to the table.   We were the only table in there on a monday night around 8:00.
I love the Irish.  Good beer, good culture, and great food.  Lis captures all of that, and at good prices, to boot.  Their food is always consistent and delicious, I say eat the Bollix Balls and get some Fish&Shrimp&Chips. The staff is always friendly, I find myself at the bar with friends striking up long conversations with the bartender over a few pints of Guinness. And that's the best part. Nitro Tap Guinness, served properly.  You just don't get that in this town.  Other than a 10 dollar cover charge during St. Patty's day, I can't find anything wrong with this place.
My husband, a Glaswegian, and I decided to check this place out. It is a bit of a drive from our house in North Scottsdale,  but there is such a dearth of places to get a good pint and authentic British food that we made the drive. The restaurant is large and nicely done. It was a quiet Sunday when we went and we both thought that the size of the place and the lack of a crowd made it seem a little cavernous and lacking in energy. Seems better suited for a live music event or busy weekend crowd. The food was good although my husband's steak pie came to the table cold -- we noted that another Yelper commented on the same issue. Once would expect the management to correct something so simple. Another note: How can a pub be a pub without Curry and Chips on the menu!? The service was adequate, if somewhat authentically British.  The staff were pleasant but seemed to be hiding at times. We had to track our waitress down to pay the check. We are looking forward to giving this place another try on a more lively night.
I know, you're expecting a bloody fine review for a true "Irish" pub.  Sorry, Lis doon varna doesn't get it from me. !) too cutesy a name...2) a so-so Irish menu.  The fish and chips was pure USA.  3)The wait staff is poorly trained - and we've been there twice and experienced the same service both times. 4) That's not surprising, having met a very poor people-person posing as a manager.  In Ireland (been there 5 times for 13 weeks total) the better publican is usually a very good politician, greeter, kidder....the kind of person that makes you want to come back tomorrow.  But Phoenix is not an Irish town, so I'll keep looking without expecting much.  Oh, Kevin, you're so right.  Absolutely no soul!!!!
We went for lunch.  We've been to Rula Bula in Tempe and Auld Dubliner in Peoria..both were much better than Lis Doon Varna.  I ordered corned beef melt...very salty, on a chabatta roll no less..not very irish. Husband ordered bangers and mashed...he said the bangers tasted like a bratwurst not british bangers. The atmosphere was nice..may be a good drinking place..not happy with the food.
The tables are barely taller than the seats in the front bar seating area, and so this means the table height is barely at your leg level.  Now, look at your legs, add 2-3 inches of height, and imagine trying to eat off a plate that is essentially resting on your legs.  They made this retarded mistake when the place first opened over a year ago, and when I first visited here the bartender thought they were going to fix it.  Nope.  To make matters worse, the leather ones (such as the one in the corner with the square cubby hole) are puffy and slant forward, so you feel like you're sliding forward into the table that barely allows room for your legs.  These flaws are so obvious that there's no way in hell that a lot of people haven't complained about it, and apparently they've stubbornly choose to stick with the mistake, even after a year.  Irish pub owners stubborn?  No way.  $5.50 for a pint of ale is on the high side, and food prices are within normal range.  I've had 3-4 different menu items, including several apps, and there's nothing terribly special here.  There is an Americanized feel to the entrees, and I was a little disappointed to see that the artichoke/spinach dip is served with 5 or 6 boxed crackers for dipping.  Visual appeal of the place from the outside and inside is quite cute, and the Irish theme is more than obvious (except that there were fairly few snugs compared to most Irish pubs).  Service was below average.  On multiple visits I get that "you're lucky we serve you here" feeling from the staff.  No, Lis Doon Varna, you're not that special.  Drop the attitude.  With The Auld Dubliner opened up just down the 101 at Northern, there's little reason to go back to Lis Doon Varna.
I gave this restaurant a rating of three stars in June 2009, which was really too high then. I am only disappointed today that there is no Yelp rating below one star. My wife and I have officially scratched this poorly managed restaurant off our regular list of restaurants. Since we eat out 7 nights weekly, we know good food and good service when we see it. A short time ago Lis Doon Varna tried to int ice early diners with a half off appetizer for early diners around 5pm. We went in last week and asked for the half off deal at around 5pm and our waitress told us the new policy was that we had to buy two alcoholic beverages to get the half off deal. Being a regular, with a history of good and poor experiences, I contacted management by email to give them a chance to correct this poorly thought out discriminatory policy but they choose not to respond back. On too many occasions, we have noticed that this restaurant is just poorly managed with little regard to the people who pay the bills. They have gotten our last dollar.
I am tired, really tired of spending and being disappointed.   We came for dinner tonight.   Mike, Mer~, Gus and I were the eaters of note.   Mike had the lamb stew, it was over salted and peppered and he left half of his meal, he never leaves food on the plate.   Mer~ had the Shepherds pie which was to have Angus beef carrots peas and parsnips with fresh herbs, Of course topped with the mashed potatoes.  What she got was a whole lot of potatoes and a small side of peas with a speck of beef. Truly underwhelming with poorly portioned ingredients   Gus did not enjoy his meal of Beef pie with puff pastry crust. Tough dry beef with no flavour other than salt, the pastry top was not fresh as it was difficult to cut let alone eat.   I had the one good dish of the evening; the Pork shank. It was cooked well and tasted fine.   The restaurant/bar is ok I guess. No real feel of Ireland; more like what an American might think of Ireland. It is just too contrived to feel authentic even if the pieces are from Ireland.   The music was much too loud. Most pub - restaurants in Ireland when music is played real folks are doing it and often the folks join in. Here it is just too loud to hear your companions talk.   The wait folk seem like there is no real interest in being there. It is like, ok I am here what do you want.   Other customers at the bar were Americans acting like they expect folks at an Irish pub would act. Loud and obnoxious. Most customers in Irish pubs enjoy themselves with a bit more decorum.   Overall the experience sucked with one bright spot, my meal. I never felt I left Arizona either.
This is the west valley's answer to Rula Bula, it is owned by the same people that own Rula Bula. This place has a thatched roof and looks like an Irish building in the middle of an upper middle class shopping center. Its a free standing building and is quite impressive with the style and scale of the place.  The interior (and supposedly the exterior) were all made in Ireland and transported to Arizona for the bar. Sound inefficient but I guess the way you get an "authentic" irish bar in the west valley.  The beer selection is OK, not great but they have what you would expect from an Irish pub, Guinness, Smithwicks, with a couple of craft ales from western US breweries. I did not notice any casks on the menu or at the bar.  Food was good, all Irish inspired cuisine. I cannot comment on the authenticity of the food because I've never been to Irelane. Its a cute place with some decent beer and good food. If you love all things Irish, check it out.
I really love the story behind this place. It's named for a small town in Ireland. It seems slightly excessive to build a place in Ireland and ship it to the States, but I still like it.   The atmosphere is great. I loved the different areas of the restaurant - one that looks like a cottage, one that looks like a church and, of course, the matchmaker's booth. The place is also really big. There are also two bars to saddle up to. The booths are a bit funky - high benches set far from the table - but the benches move so we just scooted ours closer.  On to the food. The menu is massive and offers all the Irish fare you'd want. We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip to start. Good, but nothing great. Should have tried the fried brie (doesn't that sound awesome?!). I ordered the Gaelic-style chicken breast. I don't know what made it Gaelic, but it certainly was delicious. It was a sauted chicken breast smothered in a wild mushroom medley and Irish whiskey cream sauce served on a bed of champ potatoes (mashed potatoes) and vegetable of the day (carrots and string beans). The mushroom sauce is adapted from an old family recipe. That was the best part, in my opinion. I could have just had the mushroom sauce and been happy. My mother-in-law raved about the sliced chicken on her Irish salad. The glazed salmon was a little bit too sweet for me (glazed with a gingered molasses whiskey sauce) but it was cooked very nicely.  For an Irish pub, I thought the beer menu was a little lacking. I had a Four Peaks Kilt Lifter, but didn't really see much else that appealed to me (I think there were about 7 choices?). The various hot/after-dinner drinks sounded delicious but I didn't have room to try any of them.   The service was friendly. We went on a Sunday afternoon - between lunch and dinner. The place was pretty empty, but our waitress was attentive. Mostly. I did think it took slightly longer than it should for a second beer to be brought out after it was ordered.  If I lived in Phoenix, I'd go back every once in awhile.
Met some old coworkers here to have a few drinks and appetizers for happy hour - it was my first time coming here and I was pleasantly surprised! It had a great atmosphere, beautiful interior, and it wasn't too busy like I thought it would be for happy hour.   At first I was a little disappointed that they didn't have any hefeweizen, but our server suggested I try hoegaarden (I childishly giggled at the name) - and ended up loving it. Also tried both of their combo platters which was enough for 4 people to share and be full. I'm not too sure what I ate but it was all really good!      Definitely a place to try when you want to switch things up. I'm sure I'll be back here soon.
We stopped over at Lis Doon Varna following a spring training game in Peoria with a group of eleven people.  They weren't that busy and we got fair service, but the variety of traditional Irish dishes on the menu is definitely worth the visit.    They have a pretty good selection of draught beer to accompany your food, including Guiness (duh) Hoegarden and Smithicks.  But the food was the real attraction.  I had the lentil shepards pie, and although the portion was a little small, the dish made up the size in flavor.  My compatriots had the corned beef, fish and chips and a couple of chicken wraps, and everyone seemed happy with their meals.   The atmosphere of LDV is the most attractive facet of this restaurant with great decor and a unique floor plan, multiple bars and a substantial outdoor seating area.  I am under the impression that when they have trad music sessions, this place is hopping.
Stereo typical verson of an Irish pub.  Lots of Guinness signs and friendly staff.  Went here last Friday night to meet up with some friends.  Nice thing about this place is they have a lot of room, both inside and out. Pretty much across from the spring training facility it was pretty packed with baseball fans when we went here.  We decided to park it outside because the weather was perfect and we noticed a rock band setting up gear for some live music.  We sat at the bar and placed our Guinness orders.  Looking around everyone seemed really chilled out which was nice and relaxing.  We ordered some apps, some Guinness wings and a chicken quesadilla.  The band started and was a bit out of tune, but did play some classic songs that where good.  Later that evening a member of the band came and told me they were just getting started and this was there 5th practice, so I totally understood the out of sync part of it.   But even that they weren't too bad.  Our food came and let me tell you, for apps, they were huge, and soo yummy!  The wings were top notch, big juicy and had an awesome sauce.  The chicken quesadilla was really fresh tasting and had huge chucks of jalapeno in, mmmm, mmm good.. I enjoyed our food a lot.  Would differently come back and try other things on the menu as well.  Our Guinness drafts were $5.50 a piece pretty reasonable price and the apps for the size and quality were a steal at between, $8-$12 each.  We had a lot of food, buy the end of the night we were trying to give it away.  We left a little faded, but our belly's were full...  :)
Its definitely cute. I liked that there was a live band on a Sunday afternoon. The food was good. Not great. Far from bad. We started with the Spicy Bollix Balls which were quite good. They're basically deep fried mashed potato balls. they are served with a buffalo wing sauce and ranch For my meal, I had the open faced steak sandwich with fried potato slices. It was all good. Kinda on the bland side but still good. Coulda used some cheese or something. I would come back, its just not on top of my places to run back to right away.
I've been to Lis Doon Varna a few times... twice on a Friday night and once during the day.  Sure... it's cool, but really... I didn't notice anything that special.  Now... there wasn't anything bad either... but nothing really stood out.  The food wasn't absolutely amazing, I didn't hear any bands playing at all on the nights I was there...   Nothing I can't do somewhere else, really.    They do make a mean black and tan tho. :)
My mom and I wanted to try a new place for dinner. We'd seen this place before and deciphered that it was an Irish place from the Guiness signs in the window.  Right away, you get the feeling that it is a genuine Irish pub. Not that I've ever been to a pub in Ireland, but I didn't feel like I was in Peoria, that's for sure. There are 2 bars and a couple of dining sections.   We sat in a strange size booth next to the bar, but we asked for a booth and it was the only one left.  Happy hour consisted of $1 off well drinks and appetizers. There was a decent selection of scotch and Irish Whiskey. We got the house scotch and paid $5 for it. The menu also said they sell cigars.   It made me think of the Ireland episode that Anthony Bourdain did. I could easily picture him in the place.   The menu was huge so we asked the waitress for suggestions, and she gave us a few of her favorites as well as a few of her least favorites.  I ordered the Gaelic Chicken which consisted of a giant heap of mashed potatoes covered with chicken breasts, veggies and a yummy mushroom sauce. It wasn't AMAZING, but it was good.  My mom had the Reuben with fried mushrooms. The corned beef was excellent (and HUGE) as were the mushrooms.  The bartender looked of Irish decent and the Guinness on tap looked delicious.  We will definitely be back!
My fiance and I love coming to this Pub because it was the place where we had our fist date. It's not even on our side of town, but we're willing to make the 30 min drive nowdays because it is a meaninful place. Had this not been the place where our story began, we would still be coming back because we still enjoy the food here a lot.   We usually always start with the Salmon Cakes (very good) and/or the Bollix Spicy Potato Balls served with a side of buffalo wing sauce and ranch dressing. The spicy balls are indeed spicy but very enjoyable - one of our favs here and if we're ever here for just a few drinks, this is our munchie food!  Since I'm always up for trying new things, and having never tried Pub food before, I was very curious to try the Boxty on our first date...until I saw Salmon on the menu (which I had been craving the last week). I was torn! Being the sweetheart that he is, my fiance told me to get the Pecan Salmon and he would get the Boxty so I can try both. Boy did I feel horrible after his Boxty plate came out. My salmon was absolutely delicious! Perfectly juicy and full of flavor - even the veggies were a delight! His Boxty however...that was something we will NEVER order again. Now, we've never had Boxty before in our lives, so we dont have anything to compare it to, but this was so bland. No flavor whatsoever! My poor date tried to scarf down his flavorless meal because he was starving that night, but I could tell he was not enjoying it because of the look he had on his face, like "I can't belive I'm eating this disguisting food, but she's cute and I'm starving so what the hell I'll just man up". I eventually convinced him to put his dish aside and share some of my salmon. We definitely cleaned that plate! We laughed at my poor first choice of food and guzzled down our beers which were nice and cold.  We've had the burgers with a side of Irish Chips on other occassions. They were good and tasted pretty fresh. I really enjoyed the Irish Chips. We've also had the Shepherd's Pie here. It's a big serving so we shared that one. Decent, not the best I've had though.   We've never been disappointed with our drinks or bartenders here. Somehow we end up with the same bartender every time my fiance and I go eat here alone (we usually sit at the bar). He is always friendly and attentive. I never complain about the drink selection here because I enjoy their draft selection. I always stick to my Snake Bite or Hoegaarden, or if I ever feel the need for some liquor I go for my usualy SoCo Lime and my fiance will usually stick to Harp.  The dining area can get VERY loud if you're ever there on a Friday or Saturday night after 8 or 9pm when they have live music, but sometimes they have a live Irish band which is kinda fun to listen to if you enjoy Irish rock music
I've been here many times. The food is great and drinks are nothing TOO special, but the atmosphere is what makes this place worth it. The staff has always been friendly and very fun! I recommend the Doon to anyone looking to have a great time with family and friends!
Sat at the bar during reverse happy hour. The friendly bartender had a couple of random experiences to share. I was entertained. 2 for 1 drinks if you work for the "industry", and two happy hours = plenty of chances to come in and save a bunch of money.  The kitchen closes at 10PM on the weekdays which was a total downer, but I'm not going to let that alter my rating for this place. Although, I did take a look at the menu, and there were more than a couple of things that made my mouth water. I will definitely be back to try the Guinness wings, and shepard's pie.
Made it back the same week to try the food.  The Guinness wings were tasty. Even with all the sauce they smothered them in, they stayed crisp for quite some time. The sweet potato fries were nice and crunchy, just the way I like 'em. Don't forget the potato balls, either. I'll have to try one of the dinner entrees the next time I'm there.  This is definitely a nice place to kick back with friends, and have some drinks and eats.
Comments in the older review still apply, except for now they have a happy hour, but you may get somewhat shafted like I did.  I simply asked if such and such beer was "on the happy hour" and the reply was "yes".  So I ordered this beer a few times, plus an appetizer, and then my cheque arrives - FULL PRICE.  Guess what... if you just order the beer by name, you don't get the happy hour price & size (16 oz).  Instead they serve you the 20 oz. at full price, without bothering to tell you that you're paying full price, EVEN WHEN YOU JUST ASKED ABOUT A BEER ON HAPPY HOUR.  Thanks for making this review an easy one, and I'll be sure to note this experience to my friends who like to go for pints of Guinness on occasion.
The atmosphere was excellent, the live music was outstanding, the servers were courteous and prompt.  As a pub it was great.  Unfortunately, my wife and I had dinner there as well.  The food was bland.  We split a shepard's pie and side of mac & cheese and both agreed:  1- the shepard's pie was boring no spice to it, the mashed potatoes tasted like the box they came out of and there was almost no meat in it. 2- the mixed veggies that came with the shepard's pie were over done, soggy and had all the flavor steamed out of them 3- the mac and cheese was not creamy or saucy and amazingly, it was bland - as if the cheese had no flavor  So go to Lis Doon Varna for the pub because it is great - just don't go for dinner...
Time to get your drinking cap on, because this place has a large assortment of beers!  My 4 star rating comes from the beer selection, and the food deserves 3 stars.  I want to start by saying that I really like the decor and atmosphere in this place.  Cute, quaint, and traditional.  Occasionally I have come here and was greeted with a live singing and performing Irish band, which is a nice touch after a long week at work.  My last visit proved to be pleasant.  It was a Friday night and surprisingly we were able to be sat immediately.  We made it to happy hour in time, which runs there until 7 pm!  I got a delicious Weheinstephen (sp.), and a large one at that.  I decided to order my personal fav...Corned beef and cabbage.  Now, I don't know if I am thinking of someplace else, but I swore that their corned beef and cabbage came in whole chunks and NOT in sliced deli meat style.  I was slightly disappointed when my food arrived at the sight of that...something about having the extra fat and shredded texture is what I crave...and it provides WAY MORE FLAVOR.  Aside from that, the food was tasty.  My fiance ordered the braised beef and the gravy was thick and amazing!  Delicious flavor.  I would have liked to see larger proportions for the cost of the meal, as we both had no leftovers to take home with us.  In either case, definitely check this place out and TRY THE BEERS!
We had a few pints and some appetizers.  The appetizers were alright, but nothing special.  However, they were extremely overpriced.  This place is not worth the bill.
Service was awesome, food was amazing and decently priced, dcor - both in and out - was beautiful. This is definitely a new favourite and I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys both traditional and original Irish and UK food. We got the sample platter #2 which included awesome fried chicken, spicy mashed potato and cheese balls (AMAZING with the spicy ketchup), sweet potato fries, and grilled chicken sliders. It was happy hour (I think Sundays only?) so I also got a snakebite pint (cider and Guinness) for a mere $3. This is probably the most/only authentic Irish restaurant in Phoenix. I will most definitely come back!
If it can be done to Guinness, Lis Doon Varna is doing it. I loved the Irish Car Bombs. They used their homemade whiskey-based cream liquor for them, and it was amazing.  I get annoyed by the generic Irish pubs on every other corner, sporting nothing but a shamrock here and a Guinness ad there, but the decor at Lis Doon is refreshing. I'll update my review when I come back for the food...but don't let me have too many pints. Guinness and Cider is addictive.
If you can't stand "Irish Pubs" that are no more than a typical American sports bar with an Irish-sounding name, then this is the place for you.  As soon as you walk in, the decor conveys that you've come to the right place if you're looking for an old-world experience.  Hey, anyplace that serves boxty can't be wrong, right?  Plenty of Irish beer, just enough local ones (AZ and CO beers on tap) and even a Belgian white if you're difficult.  Speaking of boxty, my Guinness beef boxty was excellent, as was the Irish pudding.  Great service, too.  The only thing missing was someone playing uilleann pipes (hence the 4 stars ;-) ).
This place is OK. Good for beer and apps,  not for meals.
The only reason I'm giving four and not five stars is because it is pretty far from my house.   A friend of ours took my son and husband here and they raved about it. So they've been trying to get me to go. Well I finally went and it was worth raving about.  We started off with black and tans with Guinness of course.  Then we had the warm Potato chips and the cheesy potato balls of goodness as appetizers.   I had a salmon dish with the horseradish crust which melted in my mouth.   My son had the fish and chips and raved about it.   My husband had the bangers and mash and our friend had the lamb stew. All enjoyed their meals.   We also got the bread pudding and the chocolate dessert to share- sorry can't remember the name of the chocolate one.  Would definitely go back again- there was so much I wanted to try.
One of the best Irish dip sandwiches ever, the Irish fries were great and red potatoes awesome. Great atmosphere, not too pricey. Went there on accident, Texas Roadhouse wasn't open for lunch but I was glad in the end!!!!  The building is so cute too-although that has nothing to do with the food! Really impressed.
This building is going to be turned into another location of Robbie Fox's Public House, from Tempe. Let's hope they keep the awesome dcor and feel that Lis Doon Varna created.
Okay, vie been here about 3 times.   I'm not very keen on irish foods. And i wasn't to impressed with the menu. I literally ordered chicken tenders and they came out looking like flat Mozillarella strips. I was like uh WTF is this.  That and the lack of non irsh food on the menu was disappointing.  Beer is good of course.  The building is visually stunning i must admit. Service is great and they have a nice patio with bar in the rear.   Prices are a tad high for me but if your willing to spend it then it's okay.
Good booze, corned beef, live music and drink and appetizer specials.  All this and open until 2 AM.  If any of the above are what you're looking for in Mesa, then you owe it to yourself to check out this sports bar.  By the way, the ribs were pretty tasty too.
This is a fun Irish bar to go to, the beers are big and the food is pretty good too. On Tuesdays, they will do 2 for 1 burgers with the purchase of 2 beverages, so bring a friend and have a beer and a burger is free. The weekends get pretty busy at night as it is a bar, and they always have the main even fights going on, so check it out and buy a Guinness.
Stopped in here to catch the tail end of happy hour last night.  Grabbed a "BlackSmith" (Guiness and Smithwicks) in a 25oz mug along with the mini-rack of pork ribs over seasoned fries appetizer.   Appetizers were half off, domestic mugs $3.50 IIRC, and $1 off other drafts.   My tab came to about $12.   The food was decent, but not exceptional in my mind.   The ribs were tasty, although a tad on the dry side.  The amount of seasoning they put on the steak fries was perfect.  I really like the fact that they have 25oz drafts, because 1 beer is never quite enough to quench the thirst if I'm having food.    The inside of the place is about what I've come to expect out of an "Irish" bar, lots of dark wood, brass, and mirrors.  Crowd seemed pretty average joe.  Wait staff was attentive and nice.
RT O'Sullivan's was decent, but forgettable.  I can't even remember what I ate there.  I do remember that the service was decent, but I DID have to wait a little too long for my beer and food.  I didn't have much time before my class started so I was getting a bit anxious.  Overall, it was okay.  I probably wouldn't go back there again.  I only went there the one time because of the hype it receives.  Meh, Hype is over-rated...
Great neighborhood bar.  Plenty of inside seating both around the bar, and at tables.  Large exterior patio, complete with big screen tvs.  They usually have the UCF Fights on, as well as other sporting events, and those do get crowded and lout.  On other nights, it's a typical bar.  They do a pretty decent ladies night, my biggest complaint is that they play a lot of hip-hop, and I'm not a big fan.  Plenty of pool tables and a dart board to keep you occupied.  They go on and off of playing Name that Tune, so you might want to check, but if they are doing it, it's hilarious.  They also hold poker tournaments sometimes.  Prices on drinks are great, they have a good happy hour, and I have never been disappointed by the food.  Overall, this is one of my favorite places to just hang out with friends and beer.
Tonight, April 10th, was my second venture out to R.T. O'Sullivan's.  Hubby and I went with our #EVFN group.    The Irish theme is great and the back area they reserved for us was perfect.    The waitress was excellent!  I would say of the best ones we've had with our large group.  She seemed to keep track of everything and every order.   She seemed to even keep track of where people moved to.     I gave them a four star rating because I definitely would like to go back. We were made to feel welcome and the atmosphere was perfect for our group.  The prices were a little bit higher but I did notice that we did not have the 18% gratuity added to our bill as other places do.  Which is a plus considering the waitress waited on a group of between 30 to 35 people and did separate checks for each of us.  I had an appetizer and tea.  Their spinach appetizer was good and the ice tea was outstanding.  My glass never seemed to be empty.
R.T. O'Sullivan's really hit the spot! The service and the atmosphere were outstanding. We were put into the back room which was perfect for our large group of 45 plus. The server kept track of everything even as people moved around and socialized. The food was wonderful.   We will be going back!
Went out for the weekly #evfn (East Valley Friday Nights). Had never been before, and really enjoyed the atmosphere! They handled our large group of 40+ very well, and still managed to keep the service prompt and pleasant. I didn't eat a meal, but did have their Southwestern Fries appetizer, which was basically nachos with french fries instead of chips. It was HEAVEN. I'd definitely go back and try a meal.
You know what makes for a fun night at an Irish sports pub? Getting 45+ of your friends to go with you. Hats off  to RTO's for taking care of us with flying colors. Everyone had a great time.  I'm not going to dump on their beer choices. It's an Irish sports bar, and they have a wide selection of on-tap beers that fit that niche nicely. Sure, I'd love to see some kegs of various IPAs available, but I'm not complaining. Especially after 3 of the 22 ouncers. Hooray for a designated driver.  I had one of the burgers. I forget which one. Both times I've been here, I've asked the waitress what SHE eats. Each time, it's been a burger they've brought me. Damn fine burgers.  Great time!
Friday night, #evfn event. We had abotu 45 or so folks there, a little less than usual, Good Firday. Guess I am one of the reasons we went there. My friend, Jeniffer invited me there a few weeks back for a cold one. The place was hopping at the time. Good bartenders, friendly gals and had answers for all the questions: What's good, appetizers, meals, etc. Met the owner and had a great chat.  I ordered the sliders then, and this past Friday. I had the meatloaf sliders this time. They had an unexpected kick to them. Probably a little extra pepper, not complaining just wasn't expecting it. So if you don't like spice, ask to see if the other is less.  The sliders are nothing fancy, onion on top is great touch but other than bun that's about it.   Beer choice was good, what do I know..I drink Pilsners and Coronas. Had the Corona. I ordered during Happy Hour, so my tab was about $8, $4 for the sliders and $3 for Corona. On a budget these days so that was about it.  I did get to try the battered fish from a friend, that was mighty tasty and I saw two friends devours the peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream. All I can say is that Rachel and April both had BIG grins on their face and looked very satisfied.  Our waitress was awesome in that she didn't mind separate tabs, didn't ask for cards, etc. and checked you out when you needed to leave. Ii did take a little longer for the new/late folks to get ordered, BUT the orders came out VERY FAST!  I'd would come back, we would of thought about outside perhaps, but we picked that Friday when by about 5pm it looked like 10pm with all the dark clouds.
Our evfn (east valley friday nights) group landed at RT O'Sullivans last Friday evening and it was fantastic!  We'd arranged to have a separate area for our social group, so though the TVs were on they weren't so loud we couldn't hear each other speak.   The waitress (as far as I know) kept up with everyone's needs and the food was really good.    My only issue is they only have pear cider. I prefer a hard apple cider like Strongbow and there were no choices.  We were treated so well I'm sure we'll be back again.
I'm gonna have to disagree with Mandi on this one. RTO Sullivan's is misleading and disappointing. You think you're heading into a cool Irish Pub, but it's more of a trashy Mesa sports bar with horrible music and a generic and bland atmosphere.   The people are the worst thing about this bar. It's ok if you go with a huge group of friends, but if you're just dropping by it's like a trip to a trailer park.   The only redeeming qualities are the good happy hour menu and the leprechaun in the ladies' room.
Went there last week to get some work done with a colleague. The beer was cheap and the food was plentiful (typical sports bar food). They have FREE wifi, which is always a plus. It pretends to be an Irish Pub but it's more like an Irish Pub and local Sports Bar mashup. I was annoyed that our waiter asked if we needed anything else about every 10 minutes for two hours.  After three hours of this (and yes we were eating and drinking, not just sitting) we met up with a group of our friends (#evfn) and moved to a private room that was quite accomodating. We had two servers back there who kept everything straight for our group of 30+ people.
I was in Mesa on vacation and desperate for somewhere to watch Champions League soccer, which was only being shown on Setanta Sports and Fox Soccer Channel.  The food was mediocre, but I was very impressed with the soccer coverage.
Decent sports bar.  Don't get me wrong, they have tons of beer choices, decent to good service, and plenty of pub fare...  Few things that bugged me last time..  No waitress for about 5 minutes after I sat down  Southwest egg rolls, while good, were tiny compared to other places  Too many tv's had the volume on..  the football game was impossible to hear..  I'll be back though..
Just recently moved to the Mesa area an R.T O'sullivan's is right up the street from my apt so i figured I would check it out. While I agree with others that say there is too much rap played there, I have yet to find a bar/club that isnt playing rap on a friday or saturday night so I was able to deal with it. Attractive bartenders and pretty good prices made it much easier to handle.   Add in that they show the UFC fights and many other events and I think I have found my new neighborhood bar.
This was the only place near my house that had the Bears games on the big screen, so I have gone several times.  Put it this way,.. this year I shelled out the $ and got DirecTV so I didn't have to go to this dump anymore.    The service was pretty decent, but the food was wildly inconsistent and mediocre at best.    I've had a decent cheeseburger there, but I've also had one of the worst burgers there.  One time the wings were ok, the next time I could hardly eat them.  Once I ordered a breakfast burrito, which was actually really good but the salsa tasted old and almost bad and the country potatoes were definitely straight out of the fridge and undercooked.  They had $2 Coors, but that was about it people.  Don't eat there if you don't have to!
So what I can remember of this place to be quite honest (bc this was the second stop, in which I was already a bit sloshed), the bar was alright. I mean when we got there I was expecting more of a pub by the name of the place but it was more less a sports bar. The staff was all really nice, and made a good stiff drink so no complaints there, and they had a lil area in which the ones whom thought they could dance could rock it out to say the least. The music wasn't too shabby, a variety was played and the crowd was easy on the eyes. I wouldn't mind going back.
Wasn't sure about trying this place but I definitely enjoyed it. Although it is a sports restaurant with plenty of TVs at good angles to catch the action, it's not loud, as someplace like Buffalo Wild Wings can be. I absolutely loved their mushroom and zucchini appetizer, and my sandwich was yummy too.
Last night I went to RTO's to watch the boxing match.  They have plenty of tv's and a good crowd for the fights.  I got my favorite thing there the southwest egg rolls.  They are just amazing.  Chicken, black beans, corn, spinach, jalapenos & pepper jack cheese stuffed into a crunchy egg roll wrapper with this amazing chipolte ranch to dip them in.  I honestly could eat 2 or 3 orders of them.  The service was great always had a full beer and was checked on frequently which was nice for how crowded it was.
Sadly when I was in, there were no drink specials, so I had to console myself with a large KiltLifter. Excellent staff, {very easy on the eyes, Yay Stephanie! and casey} Pool tables and enough large screen TV's to choke a horse, this is a 'typical' sports bar with a friendly ambiance. I didn't have any food but the 'Sliders' were delicious. (Her words, not mine, lol) They have most every sports event either on or available, come for Football if ya have a chance.
this is the place to get great food and watch all your favorite sports event many screen visible from every table not only is the food great but reasonblly priced
Nice sports bar. Plenty of seating. Friendly bartenders. Beers were reasonably priced. We had the grilled chicken sandwich with artichoke hearts, tomato and melted swiss on a nicely toasted thick slice of bread.  We'll be back!
The beer is ok, the atmosphere can get rowdy depending on what sport and who is playing.  We've been there to smoke cigars on the patio and to watch presidential debates.  The prices are OK, there is free wireless, and the staff is very accommodating.
Great sports bar!  Shows most UFC, Boxing and WWE pay per views.  Friendly staff, good food....  draft beer selection could be a little better, but other than that, one of my favorite local pubs.
It's been me and my buddies' Friday happy hour joint for a while now, so time to brag a bit. Good relaxed ambiance with diverse music. Drink specials a great $2-$5 beers (depending on origin). Food is good if you're into bar food, but not if you're a healthnut/vegetarian/organic etc. A bunch of cute and helpful staff members running around and keeping your drinks full (and your table clean). Great place to get happy with some friends.
Seemed like an ok place but the service was awful. Server didn't know what beer was on draft, left our table for L O N G periods of time and took our glasses without asking if we wanted refills. We did but decided to go elsewhere for the rest of the night. Lots of regulars in the place, great for people watching. I'll try it again.
My daughter's boyfriend (who is from AZ) and I visited this place on Saturday afternoon, before dinner, just to get a couple of beers and check it out.  It was awesome.  The service was quick, the waitress was friendly and very nice.  Didn't stay long, but we will definitely be going back!!! Great place!!!
Went here Saturday night with 8 people after a conference at MCC (nearby). We wanted to talk and many of us hadn't seen each other for months, but we should've checked. See it was fight night and the speakers were TURNED ALL THE WAY UP! I am not talking about loud, but I am talking that I personally could not hear my friend sitting one foot away. We were very annoyed and almost canceled our order. We asked the waitress to ask the bartender to turn it down just a little (the fight hadn't even started yet!) and he said NO. We were not happy, ate and left quickly.  A few other notes. The beer selection has become very limited. Fat Tire, Kiltlifter and few "Irish" beers, but the Cork Burger and Mac&Cheese were awesome.  If you want football, they have it. Opens at 9am Sundays for NFL & each area features a different game. The booths have TVs on booth (come early!) and the fans are really fun.
The food was delicious and the beer was great!  Service was friendly and quick! Would come here again!
My new favorite sports bar.  I've heard about RT's but never came.  Finally, my visit here is well received.    Came after a fight night, but apparently they show the fight here too.  Plus, all the NFL games.  Service was not at it's best, but maybe because we sat in the patio.  The place definitely had the Irish sports bar feel and look.  The men's restroom was interesting, but let me tell you about the women's restroom.  I was invited in because my gal pal said I had too see this.  Needless to say there's a huge Troll looking back at you in the mirror -- totally awesome, but spooky.    Why do I like this joint?  Dancing drunk old man and the drinks are cheap.  Take a shot of whiskey to warm yourself in the patio and enjoy your company. - Enjoy!
Had an hour for a beer, some grub and a chat with my guy. The server said "that's a good question" when I asked what kind of San Tan Brewery beer they had on tap. When I pointed out on the menu that it said to ask the server what San Tan was on tap, she restated "that's a good question"! I suggested perhaps she inquire to find the answer to my good question.The beer was good.  Ordered appetizers that never came. Although several servers wandered around aimlessly, trying to deliver us wings we didn't order. (3x). It was so loud that we couldn't talk. There is nothing Irish about the place but a few Guiness signs. Sit by the door and you too can smoke the cigars from the patio people, whether you want to or not.   It is new so maybe we will try again in a few months but probably not.
Their staff isnt the nicest.  Good taps, good shepherds pie, bad fish and chips.  A great place to go on St Paddys though.
My decided to go there in Friday night. The place was empty. We arrived at 830 and had to seat ourselves on the patio because the hostess was not there. The waitresses outside, who kept looking our way, didnt bring us over a menu or take our drink orders until 9. Finally we got to order our drinks which never showed up. Finally at 920 we decided to walk out. With the economy how it is and with the amount of traffic there one would think they would be starving for our business. That obviously wasnt the case.
We went to R.T. O'Sullivan's on a Saturday late afternoon--arriving at about 4:30 pm. Not crowded, plenty of seating and we found a table we liked.  We were hoping to find a terrific Irish Pub in our neighborhood, but didn't.  As a Sports Bar, this place is pretty good. Lots of big screen TVs, showing many different games and auto races on the day we came. Some of the tables have TVs of their own, so that could be a very useful thing!  Classic rock music from the 70s and 80s playing at an appropriate volume level in the background. We had no trouble conversing.  Having checked the menu on line, we ordered a Guinness and Kilt Lifter draft. Didn't have either. (Can a well-run Irish Pub really be out of Guinness?) Settled for a Blue Moon and Irish Red Amber. Former was good, as usual, the latter a little watery for my taste.  Terrific service throughout the visit. Server stopped by frequently to see if everything was OK and if we needed anything.  Tonight's special was $9.99 for three of the Irish dinners, so I ordered a Shepherd's Pie. Very disappointing, as the "mashed potatoes" on top were clearly made from flakes. Menu promised peas, carrots, and other vegetables inside. There were a few, but small pieces and not crunchy as I had hoped. No sides, but a couple of ordinary white-bread rolls--just as you might find at the grocery store. This dish disappointed, as I have had many better at many Irish Pubs in the area.  My companion ordered the Sligo burger, featuring BBQ bacon and jalapenos covered in cheddar cheese. The sandwich was the best of our dishes, juicy and tasty. Side of fries was OK, but just ordinary.  Many families at this hour. We sat in the lower portion, rather than the bar, and found the atmosphere pleasant. Restroom was what you would expect from a local bar--neither clean nor dirty.  We might go back to see a sporting event on TV, but not as a place to eat a meal.
I come here often because my bf likes to watch the wrestling events and I like to watch my Dallas Cowboy games. The wrestling event would cost us around 40 bucks at home and that doesn't include food, so our best option is going out to watch it.   The food is actually really good. My issue is with the service. I have had some good servers here but for the most part they pretty much suck. Maybe they are really busy, but my guess is they don't care about pleasing us because they get to add 15 percent gratuity regardless of what we want. They have no incentive to be good servers. This is an issue and should be changed. You don't get free refills on soda which is understandable but if you order a meal you should at least get one free refill. It's a little ridiculous of you ask me.   I asked for a side of mayo and watched my burger get cold as I waited for 15 minutes to get it. The crappy part is the fact that my server came to my table at least 2 times without it, she had to have noticed that my burger was untouched and my bf's was gone. That my friends is generally not giving a damn!   Will I be back. Yes. Bc it's still cheaper then ordering at home. They win. I lose.   the end.
Our great escape! As soon as we pulled into Mesa, AZ we were suppose to go out and have a couple of brewskys. However everyone was so tired. Being the driver on the tailend of our road trip I suddenly had a case of a second wind. We waited till our auntie was distracted and like little rascals we snuck out the door to catch a cab.   Once at R.T. O'Sullivan's we bellied up to the bar and ordered some martinis and food. Figured we best eat so we won't be hungover the next morning heading to Tucson. We sat and caught up on life and other things. We then decided to play pool where I noted that I had not played in so long. Then again, it's like riding a bike, I won both games.  A nice Irish pub to sit, chat, and enjoy.
I can't really knock the place but nothing really jumps out and says amazing either.   I have been here multiple times, often for sporting events. The food is good but not fantastic, however it is better than most sports bars. I have had the shepherds pie a few times and I like it. It's a full meal and exactly what you want in a shepherds pie, nothing fancy just the simple classic meal. I have also had the spinach artichoke dip which is pretty much your standard spinach artichoke dip.  The one of the big things that has this at a 3 star not a 4 star is the lack of pitchers of beer. It's insane that a sports bar doesn't do pitchers of beer. Also during PPV's they don't do any free refills on soda, I really think they should give at least 1 if not 2. Service here has been fair at best. Some have been above average but most have been average at best. I understand it can be busy during sports events but even when there hasn't been anything they haven't been fantastic.
Fun place for an outing! I enjoyed my corned beef and cabbage!   Food was great, but the service was average. I would still recommend to anyone!
A four star place if you're just going to watch sports as it is comfortable and nice inside.  Service is good.  You get your own smaller t.v. if you get a booth.  The food?  It's just really bad.
The clientele is a little "rough" - but, really, so is the staff.  Happy Hour is ok.  It wasn't a terrible place to get a beer but I wouldn't really kill myself getting back there.  Looks like a good place to catch a game if i were in the neighborhood.  Another Yelper hit the nail on the head saying that you "can't really knock the place but nothing really jumps out and says amazing either."
Decent food.  Dirty, needs a facelift but the service is very good and the prices are very competitive.
Turned game up way too loud. Great fish & chips , Out of all but one white wine?  Bummer
Worst staff and manager ever! My girlfriend and I were harassed by a few drunk men and the manager could care less. He told us he would ask him to leave instead kicked us out and said we needed to leave. Wtf! It was actually mind blowing.
stopped by this place for a quick beer and what did i find on the menu, to my delight?  cheese curds... the girls working the front desk at my hotel kept raving about the local fried cheese curds...   fried cheese curds are similar to mozzarella sticks but they're not.  i don't want to get into a long explanation involving texture and taste so to keep it short and sweet, it's fried cheese, dude.. what more can you ask for?  the service was great and local beers were pretty good.  try the spotted cow.
First time I went there I ordered a Reuben and was it was served with roast beef, the waitress and manager insisted it was corned beef.  The table next to us ordered a Reuben and the same server told them they were out of corned beef.  I was refused a refund or another menu item.  The server had the audacity to ask why we didn't tip her when we paid the bill.  This type of service I have found typical of many Madison restaurants, the owner is never there and the place is staffed with teenagers.  Second visit I was dragged along with some employees for Taco Tuesday, for the price it was decent but I won't go back there.  S K I P   T H I S   P L A C E.
My mom and I went there for St. Patrick's Day and had a very bad experience. We arrived around 11:30 and the place was starting to fill up.  We were the first two on the wait list. The host did not notice there was an empty table and went to clear it after we pointed it out. It was a booth, and the host insisted on sitting my mom and I "family style" with two strangers, as the wait list was starting to grow. We didn't like that idea and said we'd wait for a smaller table to open up. The host grunted, started walking toward the booth and promptly turned around and yelled at us to follow her. We decided to leave. We understood that St. Pat's day is probably an unusally busy day for them, but we were treated very unprofessionally.
I went here for a couple after work drinks and a quick bite to eat with some friends. It was very meh. We were there around 6 on a Tuesday and the place was pretty dead. The happy hour drink specials were alright, but nothing spectacular. My friends only ordered beers so I can't comment on how strong they make their drinks.   I had a cheeseburger with waffle fries. The burger was decent. The bun was nice and the meat to cheese to bun ratio was good. The waffle fries were very disappointing. There seemed to be more batter than potato or something and they were overly crisp and dry. They were supposed to be seasoned as well, but I couldn't taste anything special.   The bartender was friendly, but when we moved to a table to eat, the waitress was a bit over attentive. I get that the place was slow, but you don't need to ask us every 2 minutes if we are ready to order and then reach across in front of people still eating to remove other people's plates.
A bar like O'Grady's is what happens when a drunk makes the misguided decision to open a bar to support his habit: bad food, poor service, overpriced beer and an overall indifference to customers.
I had the special (a chicken sandwich) and it was okay.  I've only been once and it seemed a little pricey...but I could be wrong.  I will probably head back sometime though.  Good place to play Trivia on Tuesday.
So much hatred for this place!  I though, will always know it as the first place we ate when we visited Madison.  It's definitely a hole in the wall, though by the signage all over the place, I could envision it getting pretty busy on the weekends and at night (we went for a mid-week lunch at 2 o'clock in the afternoon).  The food was OK - I had a salad and we tried fried cheese curds for the first time.  It's just cheese, apparently, that's been fried.  Somehow I had been expecting more.  Unfortunately, the service was not great.  There were about 4 tables worth of people in there, and it still took forever to get everything.
Great cheese curds and one of the best places to watch a Packers game. I mean if you go into a dive bar expecting amazing food then that is your own fault. But for bar food they are pretty good.
O'Grady's always reminds me I'm home for the holidays. I love coming in here for a drink with friends to catch up. The bartenders are very friendly and it doesn't take them long to remember your name. The atmosphere is pleasantly diverse with friends, college students, sports fans, and working class heroes.  The food here is great for a small pub. I love their wraps, burgers, and onion rings. During sports games and the weekend this place is busy, and the bartenders continue to impress with fast and effective service.  Don't shy away from this place, it's friendly and enjoyable.
I stopped in for a lunch the other day.  Meh.   not impressed.  I had a "tuna melt" - which ended up being a bland tuna sandwich on toasted bread.  Onion rings were from a frozen bag....lame.
OMG...the service was HORRIBLE.  The food mediocre.  The server was NOT busy.  Stopped by for sandwich on Sunday mid afternoon...so not busy.  There was one one other table besides ours.  We ordered club pub sandwiches.  The order came up and sat on the hot table while our server texted and talked to co workers.   She finally served us, without napkins or flat ware.  I had to go to these bar to ask for napkins and a knife.  OMG, "here you go, I will give you a knife AND A FORK..." novel concept!  Then we requested a diet coke, and because she was so BUSY texting and talking on her phone, Moshe forgot.  We sat there for at least 25 min before she came back to the table.  The other party wanted another glass of wine, but she never came back to check so needless to say, we got no diet coke and not another glass of wine.  Upon finishing our sandwiches, she stated oh, I guess you are done.  Never asked if we wanted anything else (I wanted another glass of wine, my companion still had not received her diet coke), but we chose to leave since she was so BUSY on her phone texting and calling other people.  She offered to give us a "go diet coke", but never addressed the additional glass of wine.  I will NEVER go back again.  Don't know if they changed management or what, but the place and service SUCKS.  GO SOMEWHERE that is reputable and good service.  They employ the s um of the earth with more ink on their body than on the menu!
Am still trying to get the metallic taste of the special meatloaf out of my mouth.  I would never eat at this craphole if you paid me.  Ugh.  Anyone who posts a positive review of this dump has no taste buds.
Have been their twice in the last 6 weeks. The food was just fine. Had appetizers the first time and burgers the next. No complaints.
Good beer and good food. 0
PLEASE IF YOU ARE GOING TO CALL YOURSELF A $#$#@#$ IRISH PUB, SERVE IRISH FOOD ON MORE THAN JUST WEDNESDAYS. THANK YOU.  Also - our server did not know ANYTHING about the menu. Her exact words were, "I don't know anything about the food, I just serve it". All I asked was if their ravioli were made fresh or frozen, and my fiance' asked if their French fries still had the skin on them. She didn't know the answer to either question, and she didn't offer to go find out.  Thankfully, I avoided the ravioli, but my fiance' ordered the fries anyway... and they came - with skins on.  So I ordered the rib eye, rare... it came perfect. Ordered with it, a bowl of clam chowder (was home-made, yes, but under seasoned & tasted like a cream soup with clams instead of a clam chowder). I took a side of fresh fruit... what I got was 1 slice of pineapple... 2 slices of cantaloupe that were not ripe.. and 2 dried out orange slices... quite depressing.  My fiance' ordered the grilled cheese w/fries - again, fries came with skins on, so she had them sent back and asked for the fruit... she got more pineapple than I did, but her orange slices were dry, and her cantaloupe was not ripened enough.
A nice clean sports bar.   For lunch had the grilled cajun tuna sandwich, the special, with hash browns.   The Cajun spice was understated, but this is the Midwest and one would not expect real spicy food. It came with a spicy mayo on the side. the mayo was interesting but not what I consider Cajun. The sandwich was good just not Cajun. The hash browns were homemade and very good.  The service at noon was good. The waiter did everything that I expected from a waiter.  I thought the pricing was in line for a Madison eating establishment.
Good food, Good drinks, cheap and bar tenders are friendly. ENOUGH SAID.
I like Failtes. It's smaller than the other pubs in the area and unlike the other university student filled pubs on the King St. strip this pub tends to attract the locals. It has a small courtyard in the back and the staff are really friendly.  Tuesdays and Wednesdays there's live music.  They also have specials on food and beer most nights:  Tuesday - Half Price Wings Wednesday - $3.00 shots or bottles of Keiths $3.50 burgers Friday - Buy one get one free fish dinner (4-6pm) & Two pints of Irish Beer for $10.00 (Guiness, Harp, Kilkenny) Sunday - $2.49 Caesars & Domestic Pitcher & 2lbs wings for $20.00 Failtes is part of the Molly Blooms Chain (I think they're up to 8 pubs now).  They use to have quiz night, but I guess they weren't getting enough of a turn out? If it's something you're really into, call them though, I'm sure they'll bring it back at some point.  In my opinion, this cute little house turned pub is a great place to put a couple back.
This is a great spot for pub food and good beers!  Live music is often accompanying the night and the ambience is really cool.  Lots of locals, not too many students.. It is a bit small but this is helping to create a warm atmosphere too! I like Failte in uptown Waterloo!
We went on a fairly slow Tuesday night, early-ish, for half-price wings and a couple of pints. The waiter was friendly when he was actually around, but after taking our order for wings he disappeared and served the patio crowd, despite the fact that we were the only sit-down table in the pub. We didn't see him again until well into our time there; I had to go up to the bar and ask for blue cheese dip and celery/carrots to go with our wings.  Failtes is also known as being a very authentic Irish pub with a great atmosphere, but the music piped into the place was awful. Nickelback and something that sounded like heavy metal. At one point it seemed to switch onto some loud spoken-word Dave Chapelle comedy bit, replete with gross language ("you m------f---- b----! f--- you, n-----!") that went on forever. Who wants to hear that in a pub?   The wings themselves were pretty good; nothing to write home about and certainly not on par with any wings chain in town. The veggies were limp, a bit spongy and cut very thin, while the blue cheese dip had no actual cheese in it and tasted like bottled salad dressing. The real kicker? Despite the dip and veggie sticks being on the menu as included with all wing orders, we were charged $2 for them on the bill. When I asked a staff member why we were charged for something that was to be "served with" the wings, according to the menu, he said that since it was half-price wings night they charge for it as an extra. This little "extra" wasn't mentioned anywhere on the menu or on any wings-related signage in the pub. What a gouge!   I hope my $2 was worth it - after that experience I won't be back, nor will my husband or any of the people I've told about it.
Maybe I went there on an off day. Maybe there were new kitchen staff. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Or maybe it's just me. I have no idea... but I can safely say I had one of my worst dining experiences, ever, at this restaurant.   Every review I've ever read for this place has said that the restaurant is okay, if not pretty good.   They must not have had the food I had. The Sheppard's Pie was the worst I've ever tasted. No joke, it tasted the way canned cat food smells. It also looked like canned cat food. I just thought since it was an Irish themed restaurant, it would have decent Sheppard's Pie. I was horribly mistaken.   Not only was the food bad, but it took 20 minutes to get our order in and hour or so for the food to come out. I would understand had it been busy, but seriously, there were MAYBE 3 other groups of people beside myself and the two others I was with.  Even if someone were to offer to buy me dinner there, I don't think I could ever go back.
I don't find myself on the East Side all that often, but when I do the options always seem limited.  My friends on this side of town tend to agree.  But there's one thing going for east side of the freeway, and that's Erin's.  Judging by the fact that it has been crowded every time I've been, this is a shared sentiment.  As a general rule I like the atmosphere of the Irish Pub-themed places and this place has all the basics: wood panels, fireplaces and a nice bar.  I like that it isn't some kind of national chain like Claddagh in Middleton - the original bar is out of Reedsburg I've been told.    The food here is usually good, and although the prices are on the high side I've never had a bad experience.   I really like the shepherd's pie but it's pricey.  I've been going with the fish & chips lately which is a bit more affordable.  It comes in a paper bag on a plate, a bit anachronistic but I appreciate the touch.  I only wish they had malt vinegar on the tables.  The main complaint that I've always heard about this place is the pace of service, and the first time I came here it was as bad as everyone had said.  A coworker of mine went here soon after it had opened and had waited over 45 minutes just to put an order in.  My experience was similar, and we were even sitting at the bar.  However things seem to have gotten better; in fact last time two waitresses had been assigned to our table.  I still think this place gets a bit overwhelmed on busy nights, but that's going to happen with any popular place so be forewarned.  The bar has a relaxed vibe to it and there's a few flat-screens on the walls to catch the game if you're so inclined.  It's not exactly positioned in an area where I'd stop by just for a drink, but sometimes when I'm over that direction meeting up with my friends it's a nice place to meet up.  Drink prices seemed reasonable and the bartenders were quick and friendly every time except for the first, so I've got no real complaints there.      Overall Erin's is a nice place for an occasional dinner or drinks with friends, but is a bit too pricey for me to regularly go there when I find myself over on that side of town.
Very disappointing - this is a great building and a great location however the food just plain sucks.  The drinks are extremely expensive as well....service is below par.
Decent enough but not someplace I'm going to frequent on a regular basis.
We went here last weekend with some great friends for dinner and drinks. The atmosphere is great - especially if you like Irish Pubs as much as I do. Service was very good too - we met our friends at the bar - and before we had our coats off the bartender was asking if he could get us anything! (good man!) Dinner was pretty good. I had the Prime Rib special (Saturday night). I got the 10 oz and it seemed huge. Mine was a bit over cooked but it was still decent. I opted for Erin's Colcannon which is mashed potatoes with sauerkraut in it. It was OK, but I don't think I would get again. Wife had the Ruben sandwich and said it was good. Looked delicious. Bread at the table was EXCELLENT as was the Cinnamon butter.
Being of Irish decent I really was excited to go here. We were in Madison for work and decided to stop in and try it out. We ended up eating there two times out of the four nights we were there. It's very nice inside and out, very relaxed too.
The St. Patty's day Double Decker bus tour is really fun. They took us around to about 6 local Madison Bar's (mostly the seperate Great Dane locations). The food is always good and the beer selection is great. The restaurant itself has a great atmosphere.
This place gets high marks for atmosphere.  It is a gorgeous Irish pub  with new wood and classy fixtures abound.  It is HUGE, lots of rooms, each with its own charm.  The staff was very nice and attentive, too.  The only reason i can't give it a higher mark is the sad excuse for an Irish breakfast. First, they don't even pretend to have white and black pudding.  Okay, maybe its hard to come by in Madison.  But they so claim to have bangers and Irish rashers.  There were long sausages but they definitely weren't bangers...and they were not very good.  Then don't claim that you have rashers bacon when you are just going to serve me American bacon.  I mean i love American bacon but this is just false advertising.  Lastly the hash browns were straight from Denny's.  Without question the worst Irish breakfast I've had. That being said, it seems like an awesome place to have a drink at night...so perhaps i'll try that one day.
Fave fish fry place in town hands down. Service has always been great. My friends that have tried the "irish fare" entrees have all said they were great.
I have recently moved to Madison and was excited to try out an Irish Pub. Unfortunately, for the experience that I had I will not be returning:   I was with a large group of people on a Friday night around 4:30pm and asked if there was an area where we could sit to grab some drinks and possibly appetizers. We were told we could go over by the fireplace which we headed to. Once we sat around the fireplace, we saw we were much too large of a group to be able to communicate with each other in that small of an area. As we looked around the empty room, we saw a server and asked if we could sit at the open tables. She kindly agreed and we sat down. We wanted to order drinks from her but she said if a tab is started at the bar it has to stay there and cannot be transferred (which is a whole other issue I could go on about). . .   Anyway, the server was very kind and we ended up ordering some appetizers from her and starting our own tabs with the server. Just as soon as the appetizers arrived, the manager came over and said in a very condescending voice, "I am sorry we can not have you sit here. If you are ordering food that is one thing but if you are just drinking, then you are taking tips away from the server". We then had to leave the area and literally stand in the middle of the restaurant with food and drinks in our hands. The manager was not willing to accommodate us and gave us no suggestions as to where we could be seated to enjoy our time and food. After some of our group left because of this remark we found a large booth which was not going to be used for another hour. Perfect! That would have worked all along but this manager did not take the time to let us know. Dinner was never out of the question for that night but because of how she approached the situation, I will now never have dinner there. The server was a sweetheart and tried to ask her manager not to come over and speak to us but that clearly didn't work. Because of this unfortunate experience, our entire group has not been since and does not plan to.
The beer & food were excellent, but the people at Erin's Snug made our trip to Madison an amazing, incredible trip. Get the wings, get the cardiac fries, and talk to as many people there as you can. You won't be disappointed.
This may be just my pet peeve, but I've finally found an Irish pub that serves shepard's pie with beef and lamb. It was also nicely seasoned. They have a decently broad menu. The place is large and appears to have lots of seating. They have a decent selection of scotch, including 2 "scotch flights" that serve 1/2 oz. of 3 different scotches for $8. Not bad.  The service is a little inconsistent. It partly might be that they seem to have a lot of larger groups going there, but we had to wait very long to get service, and then our meals show up about 3 bites into our salads. Give us a chance to eat, please.    I would go back, but partly because that area of town is dominated by chains like Friday's.
I LOVE Erin's.   I believe ownership exchanged hands.. or altered in some way not to long ago.. at least that's what I caught wind of while walking in once.   My boyfriend and I recently moved to the East side of Madison, Erin's is a quick hop-skip-& a jump from our new apartment which makes it all the better. ANYWAY, me being a veggie only eater & my boyfriend is meat's biggest fan.. Erin's suits us both. The walnut burger is awesome as well as the pasta choices. I love the bread with the Cinnamon butter.  It may not be the most irishy food in exsistence, but it's definitely good food.  They also make the most fabulous bloody marys.  The wait staff is top-notch, but we've managed to have the same waiter each time.  I believe his name is Kevin, and he's wonderful.  Super friendly, never rushes us..AND he continues to check up on us and refill our beers after we've finished our meals.  This isn't some place I'd suggest if you're in a hurry to dine and get out.. save that for mcdonalds.  Erin's is a place to sit and relax, something that's near unheard of here in Madison.
This was our second trip to Erin's after avoiding it for three years.  The old Erin's was plain terrible, both food and service.  Now however it is a great place.  Being Irish I can't say it's spot on, but as far as American Irish pubs go Erin's has become a worthy establishment.  The food was good, good service, and while not all dishes are truly authentic they do come close and taste great.  My only suggestion is that in the winter they lock the patio entrance as there is a considerable cold wind when people use it to enter and leave.  The tables are right next to the door.  While Irish, I don't drink so I cannot speak to the bar or libations but everyone there tonight seemed to be having a grand time of it.  Bottom line, if you are looking for a nice American Irish Pub experience, Erin's is worthy of your time and appetite.  Not cozy, but nice.  We will continue to visit.
I've been here twice and each time I've been very underwhelmed. It's a bit on the expensive side. The service has been so-so. But the atmosphere makes up for some of the price and service. The food on the other hand has been the low point for me. First meal: Corned beef and cabbage. I can make it cheaper myself at home ($13) and get a far bigger portion. Second meal: Buffalo wings, ribs, and mashed potatoes. The buffalo wing appetizer was by-far the hottest wings I've ever had, even though we ordered Mild. The ribs were dried out with TONS of sauce on them. The mashed potatoes though were on point.
Service and the Guinness were great. Corned beef sandwich was very good. The bluegill and the calamari were very saltly. The breading on the bluegill was too salty to eat. The waitress and Manager both sincerely apologized and took money off the bill. Stick with the Irish food and it should be good
Not much to say here.  I do have one suggestion.  Nothing makes for a crappy, overpriced cocktail like a $6 Jack and Diet served in a piss warm glass fresh out the dishwasher.  How about a cool glasses for your customers.  Also be attentive while tending bar.  I might want to be served another piping hot cocktail.  Shouldn't have to use a road flare to get your attention.  The place is clean and fancy.  Most of the clientele are stuffy business people, probably from Am-Fam.  Don't expect a humorous night out here.  Forget about single women. Typical Madison sausage party.    Positives- Open Mic once in awhile.  Clean, usually friendly staff (but slow and inattentive)  Ok place to visit if there isn't any other choice.
It's a good irish style bar. Staff friendly. Lots of seats. My sheppards pie was good. Why do restaurants still load up salads with dressing?  It's good non-chain spot in an area filled with chains.
My son and I were staying in a hotel across the street on a college visit and happened upon this darling little place.  It reminded me a bit of a couple pubs I've visited in London.  So charming.  The only reason it did not get five stars would be the noise level (although, after being in Madison for a couple days, that might just be the culture).  So, the food.  Oh the food.  It's delicious!!  They started us with the most delicious little biscuits and cinnamon butter.  It tasted like cinnamon toast.  I had the fish and chips.  My son had the rib eye.  Both meals delicious.  Cooked perfectly and seasoned well.    If in Madison again, I would make a special trip to Erin's.
One of my favorite places to eat lunch.  Always a good experience.  Food is great and the service as well.
Food was delicious. Between our party of 5 we had corned beef and cabbage, the blue gill, fish and chips and the whiskey BBQ ribs... All delicious.  The rib meat and corned beef fell off the bone.  The bread and cinnamon butter was also great.  Great beer selections. The only criticism I have is the fries are a tad salty.
Spotted Erin's at a gas stop during a six hour trek to the north woods.  Let's see, lunch at a greasy spoon or at an Irish pub? No-brainer.  The kids loved their sandwiches and the wife said her reuben was yum.  I had the chicken spinach-artichoke sammy and a tall draft Guinness.  Happy Dad.  Server was efficient and friendly to the kids.  I can't comment on the Friday night drinking scene but this may become a regular stop for us when traveling north.
I love going to this place, the atmosphere is 5 stars and service often 5 stars as well. i wish there menu had a bit more to offer. That being said, the food is very good. last time Ihad a sammich, the artichoke spinach sandwhich and it was fantastic, homemade chips are special too.
Great server, nice and very attentive but not overly so.  The beer I selected was no longer available and she offered the Spotted Cow as something very similar. It was quite nice and complemented my fish and chips. The later was nothing special, I just had an craving for it plus I am departing on Friday. I left stuffed. Two filets along with thick cut fries and coleslaw. Irish music in the background and college basketball on the tube. The dining room was not too crowded for a Wednesday. The bar had most stools occupied with folks that appeared to be regulars. Oh, I nearly forgot the double decker bus parked out front. I forgot to ask when they press it into service.
Back to poor service.  The food was ok, not worse than before but the experience was dreadful. A coupe seated after us got their good, bill, paid, and left before we were midway through our meal. Waiter was barely around.  Yes they have large groups but all that says to me is that the management is poor and they do not know how to schedule staff.  Service was so bad the waiter got $0 tip.  We will not be going back here for quite some time, once again.  Shame too because they are the only place I know of that has banoffie pie.
We were considering going into town for dinner and drinks, but then we found that this place was in walking distance of our hotel, so we figured we would take the easy route and just head here. What a great decision!  Erin's is a great place. The ambiance was that of your typical Irish pub - lots of dark wood and Guinness items on the walls. A-ok with me. We were seated in one of the side rooms with a huge big screen TV with sports on and a fireplace. Very nice.  The menu had a decent selection - and the portions are huge. We got the cardiac fries and an entre - I barely touched my Sheppard's Pie (which was very good by the way) because I filled up on the fries, and I'm not one that balks at portion size. They also had a good selection of beer and wine available. Service was also very friendly and fast.  If you're staying on the east side of Madison, definitely check out this place - you won't regret it.
The worst service I've ever had.  I went there for lunch on a weekend.  It was reasonably busy, but not overwhelmingly so.    First, they seated us, brought coffee, and vanished.  Turns out they'd seated us in a area reserved for a private party, and when said party arrived, they had thus forgotten we were there.  Oops.  But forgivable.  So we were moved to another spot.  Where they took our order and then disappeared.  Again, apparently forgetting we were there.  At that point I was ready to leave, but part of me just wanted to see where this went.  I mean they forgot me!  Twice!  Hunger and curiosity overwhelmed my better instincts.  After tracking down another waiter, we got moved *again*, and our food was re-ordered and this time actually arrived.  It was...okay.  Nothing spectacular.  Certainly not worth the 90 minutes of trouble.  Our waitress apologized for all the inconvenience and offered us comped desserts.  Okay.  The desserts never came.  Nor did our waitress ever return.  I flagged down ANOTHER waiter, who said that we could just leave our payment.  I mentioned that we'd never actually seen a check - or our waitress - since our food arrived.  Turns out she'd closed out and left for the day.  It took a manager to re-open our check and figure out our bill.  I probably could've left without paying and nobody would've noticed, but I'd never forgive myself.  We FINALLY got our check...  ...and the desserts weren't comped, as they promised.  Total time for lunch: 3 hours.  Total number of times our waitstaff forgot we existed: 3.  Once is annoying, but forgivable.  Twice is hilariously bad.  THREE TIMES?  I may be forgettable, but I wasn't the only one at the table and my companion was wearing bright colors.  Never going back.
Service was good, food was solid if unspectacular.  Great atmosphere.  I'll give it another shot next time we're in town.
Good Irish food. Shepherds pie is pretty tasty. Drinks a plenty at Erins. Also great music on stage.
I was here towards the end of March with a large group for a rehearsal dinner. The menu wasn't the standard one posted online, but one put together for the party. The appetizers were pretty standard, fries, poppers, etc. Dinner was a pasta primavera, and it was mediocre. The noodles were over cooked and almost mushy, the sauce was red and lacked any flavor until it was covered in salt & pepper and there weren't many veggies in the dish, there were maybe 1 piece cauliflower, 4 pieces of broccoli and 8-10 olives. It wasn't that great and I ended up eating the bread and skipping the pasta dish.   The place is beautiful inside and the wait staff friendly and helpful. I probably won't go back unless it's for drinks.
Erin Snug is the closest we have found to an original Irish Pub. After spending time in Ireland we long for the pubs of old! :) The room divided Erin Snugs affords us the feel that we are back in Ireland.   New to the area and living close to Erin's we have been there more then any other establishment in the Madison area. For dinner we try to get there early to avoid the rush that seems to start after 6 pm. My husband and I usually split two dishes, our go to favorite of fish and chips, and one other to try something new. We have loved everything except for the shepherds pie which we found a little bland. We recommend the Fish and Chips for dinner and the Corn beef sandwich for lunch. Also the Rueben rolls on the appetizer menu are great!   Service has always been good to great there. One waitstaff even took the need we had for feeding our 2 month old into consideration when she was choosing a table for us.   Two of the times we have been there they have had some sort of live music. Both times were a pleasant surprise.   Do take a moment to sit in front of the giant fireplace for a while. Chad and I sit there after dinner and chat...prolonging needing to get our kids from the sitter. :)   If you are in the area, do stop in for a Guinness and sandwich. Well worth the stop.
As good as it gets!!! HUGE square footage for a restaurant. Fantastic food!!!
Authentic, rustic, friendly and flavorful!  First and most memorable Irish pub experience in middle of Madison.   I had the Reuben sandwich and it was best corned beef outside of my mom's. Tender, moist and oh so tasty! Fries and slaw were average but nice compliment to my meal.  Max had Pub burger and he said was incredible!  The atmosphere and decor was warm, classy and very inviting.   Next time I wanna try the fish and chips or corned beef and cabbage.
This place had a nice and clean atmosphere, but the food sucked. My wife had the Guinness beef stew and she hated it. I had the trio salad. The seafood salad was minced to almost liquid and the chicken salad was made with canned chicken. The lettuce was going old. The amount they are charging, the meals should be more quality. If I returned it would be for a beer, but nothing else.
Had been here before for drinks and to listen to a band, it was great!  Tonight I was alone and wanted to get a bite to eat and didn't want to travel too far from my hotel. Saw some great food reviews  on Yelp and decided to stop in.  The restaurant was about half full which I'm sure was about average for a Thursday night after 8pm.  I sat down at the bar to get a drink and to watch TV while I ate.  I waited a few minutes but the bartender did not see me so I moved to a location closer to where he seemed to spend most of his time.  I still had to flag him down to get his attention.  Then I found out what was  up!  Apparently the single woman in the corner needed a lot of attention!  Poor girl was having problems with the menu or something!   I got my drink finally, but he did not take my order and I really thought about putting a couple of bucks down and going somewhere else.  At that time a second bartender appeared so I asked him to take my order.  I had chicken noodle soup which was lukewarm and very average, (which came quick).  My salad was very fresh and had great flavor.  I was very surprised that my main dish came up about a minute latter.  Hardly had two bites of my salad!    I'm a huge Irish food fan and was looking forward to trying their Shepard's Pie.  It was pretty good, maybe a little dry , but had good flavor.  Not the best ever but I did like it.  It was well worth the price.  If you go hopefully you get a better bartender or sit at a table .  I liked most everything except the service.  My bartender said four things to me the whole night "what will you have"  "here you go" "are you done with this?" And "would you like your check?"  I'm sure he would have been better if it were not for the "distraction" in the corner!
It was next to our hotel, looked better than what they offered. I have been to better Irish Pubs with better food authentic food selections. It was nice, clean and large restaurant.
This place is beautiful!!  The food is pretty good.  We tried the combo appitizer, majority of it was very good.  The corn beef egg rolls were great!  I had the corn beef and cabbage and my husband had the shepherds pie.  Mine was okay, I expected a lot more from a Irish pub.  It was bland and nothing special.  (it did taste great at home the next day as corn beef hash) My husband loved the shepherds pie.  He said he would order it again for sure.  The place is amazing inside and very clean.  I would give 4 stars for this.    I only gave 3 stars because the service was disappointing.  We waited probably 45 minutes for appetizers and over 30 for our meals.  We also had to wait for drinks a lot.  This is what was disappointing...the service could have been better.  We will probably return here.
I'm lucky Erin's pub is right by my job, With drinks worthy of any beer-snob, The snugness comes from the warm fire, With a Celtic theme to admire, And good food to shove down my gob!
This place would have been great in the early 1980's when restaurants really did not understand food
Awesome first visit to this gem on American Parkway.  Upon entering you really get the feel of an Irish Public House (aka Pub).        We were greeted promptly and seated in Molly's Parlour ( each dining area has a specific name, including Cindy's Snug...where women had to be seated so as not to be seen imbibing!)      The menu includes the Irish fare you'd expect as well as typical steak house cuisine.  I wanted very much to order the Guinness Stew, but was not certain it had the alcohol sufficiently cooked off.  Our server got us a sample, which was both generous and perfect for my taste buds and dietary needs.      My dining companion had a Guinness pour over a Blue Moon and declared it the best she'd ever tasted.  Service, food and atmosphere are perfect for this Celtic lass!!!
When visiting in the area, the front desk agent at our hotel recommended Erin's Snug for a good dinner.  We went there and were pleasantly surprised--the food was delicious!  We had calamari, which came with a wonderful dipping sauce, and their all you can eat fish and chips.  Service was decent, but the restaurant seemed to be kind of noisy.
I had dinner here with two other travelers while on business in Madison.  The parking lot was completely full, and so I had high hopes for a great dinner.  When we got parked and inside, we found that the restaurant was hosting a few Christmas parties (the layout for the parties looked nice).  The restaurant itself is really beautiful - it is decorated in dark colors like you would expect from an Irish Pub, but still very bright and clean.  I had the Kelly's Top Sirloin with Rosemary Glaze (sauce recommended by our server).  I ordered medium rare, and it came out rare (and less than rare for some bites).  The Rosemary glaze was pretty good, but the sauted vegetables were really bland like they were from the freezer section of the grocery store.  I ordered the Guinness Chocolate Cake for dessert - it was really disappointing, dry and pretty flavorless.   The bright side of dinner was that the beers were cold and the atmosphere was nice.
We LOVE Erin's Snug!  You can always get a table (the place is huge), the staff is friendly, and the food is great.  You can hunker down in a deep booth, sit by a fire, or hang out on the patio.  Unlike a lot of pub grub, Erin's food isn't frozen/ microwaved garbage.  The Twisted Chicken Tenders are my favorite.
I'm always excited to go to Erin's Snug Pub. I've been here for lunch a few times and a late dinner once. I was served quickly and politely every time. For lunch, I first tried the T.B.L.T (turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato) w/ a side salad and liked it so much that it's what I ended getting for lunch the other two times - trying various sides. Erin's Pub managed to take even something as simple as mixed veggies and make it taste awesome. Great ambiance and good beer selection too.
Love the atmosphere! No Irish feel was spared in the detailed design of the building both inside and out. It is beautiful and upscale and yet very fairly priced. I had the black cow beer after reading the high reviews and it was delish!  I also had the Guinness stew, despite fair reviews, and I thought it was good. It's served with a very flaky pastry which was a neat touch to the dish and was a better than expected pair. 3 people at my table got various types of steak, all of which loved it! The corned beef sandwich was also very good. Our only suggestion was more kraut for the colcannon. Definitely a great place for families, dates, or friends to get together!
We found our way here on the road to our hotel. It's a bit out of the way from the freeway. We found it on a road trip cross country. Loved all that we had. If you can finish what they give you, I'd be amazed.
This first-class pub and restaurant is a beautiful spot for an evening out in Madison. We stopped in for just a beer and a snack and were impressed at the decor, wondering if we were in over our heads. We sat at the bar, chatting with our friendly bartender, who cheerfully took time to help us choose the perfect brews for our tastes. The man next to us at the bar introduced himself, and lo and behold, we soon learned he was the owner--eager for us to try some of his favorite meals and his signature chocolate cake. His enthusiasm and warmth helped make it an enjoyable hour for us as we chatted, munched through a plate of wings (order them naked with dips--DELICIOUS) and watched the women's NCAA basketball finals. We left satisfied, warmed, and eager for yet another visit, next time for dinner. Maybe even for the St. Paddies Day event with bagpipers and green beer. We highly recommend this spot, which was busy even on a Tuesday night. It's easy to see why.
I brought my husband here a year after my first trip and this place still was just as amazing as the first visit. Worth the trip.
I had a corned beef sandwich and fried cheese curds.    Sandwich was pretty good, cheese curds were great!
Service is fantastic. Friendly and efficient. The food is home cooked. For example  the potatoe skins are not purchased frozen and then deep fried. Real potatoes that the cooks prepare. The shepherd pie is made of lamb like it should be. The ribeye was juicy and delicious.  Great selection of beer too.  I will be back next time I am in Madison.
Went to Erin's on a Friday night with friends for dinner.  Atmosphere is very nice, but the food was just above average, and the fish fry $13.99 is about $2 more than competitors.  I ordered the petite filet which was cooked well, but the place was so incredibly loud we couldn't hear our server, or one another talk.  After asking, the manager moved us to a booth which was somewhat quieter, but we still had a hard time hearing conversation at our table.  If you like loud, this is your place; but don't plan to converse with your tablemates during a busy time.  Overall, I would like to try this place for lunch or another time when it's perhaps quieter.  My bill for 2 drinks and an entree $36; with tip - $45.  Overall I was very disappointed.
Met up there with friends for happy hour.  We checked in with the hostess, told her we wanted to do happy hour and she told us to just grab a table in the bar area.  We waited 15 minutes while servers passed us by in the un-crowded bar before we finally flagged one down.  She seemed surprised that we wanted service and told us we needed to check in with the hostess.  We told her we already did and she told us to sit at any table in the bar.  The server didn't seem like she believed us as she kept repeating that the hostess had to seat us if we wanted service.  Finally, she offered to get us a server.    The server showed up to our table a few minutes later and gave us one menu and one drink menu for the four of us and then left without a word.  Needless to say we left and went elsewhere.
Overall I really enjoyed opening day at Murphy's Law. This place looks so polished and interesting, I could have sworn it was part of a larger restaurant group. They had all the staple items you'd expect at an Irish pub (stout, stews and plaid clad wait staff).  Food Fish and chips were tasty and crispy. It was a large portion and the standard fries were really good. The hamburger I ordered medium came out bloody rare and cold. Their second attempt was well done and without a lot of flavor. This part was the biggest flop of the evening.  Service Super friendly and amazingly attentive. They did have opening day jitters, but I'm willing to overlook a miscooked item on opening day if your servers have a great attitude. They did!  Special They have a special item on their menu that if you order it, they will donate 1/2 of the price of the item to a local downtown Chandler non-profit ICAN. That's cool!
We went on the opening weekend.  Atmosphere is nice.  It is nice to have a place like this in downtown Chandler.  It looks like this will become a spot to visit frequently.  Food was good.  Service was a bit slow.  Hopefully, they were just working out all the kinks.
So I checked out Murphy's Law in Downtown Chandler last night and was pleasantly surprised. I expected another wannabe Irish pub that really makes no effort (like Churchill's Pub. You can't just stick a couple of English posters and flags on the wall and call it a day..atmosphere, people, atmosphere. Ooh, maybe I will review that next), but it was a warm and inviting bar where I can envision spending an evening or two partaking in a plate of fish & chips and a few pints at the bar. I didn't eat last night (I was on my way to Cyclo), but my 3 other friends did and it all looked OK. I'm looking forward to going back and trying out their Irish breakfast..I'm originally from the UK so a slap-up fry-up is often a craving.  So my 4-stars are for the look of Murphy's and atmosphere (it was Tuesday night and a good crowd of people), will go back and try the nosh and see if my 4-stars will remain.
Our group went for happy hour on a Friday afternoon, really wanting to like another local addition to downtown Chandler.  I understand they have only been open a week or two, so I was patient when service wasn't the most attentive.  Like when one of us ordered a beer that was on tap and the waitress goes "Huh? I've never heard of that?" and he had to point it out on her "Beers on Tap" cheat sheet she was carrying around.  The men liked the choices of beer, and the Guinness pour was above average with the shamrock detail on top.  They had a wine list, which was a pleasant surprise for me.  We didn't order food.  The space is open with a long bar, long row of tables, and a couple high tables near the front for large groups.  I don't get the bear skeleton in the front.  Just seemed weird.  Now, for the annoying part.  We arrived at around 3:30pm and stayed until 6:30ish......and were asked to cash out our check TWO separate times, meaning we would have THREE different waitresses.  Huh?  Why?  Unfortunately for Murphy's Law, being asked to cash out a second time was all we needed to get us out the door and to El Zocolo for some food.    Overall, hopefully they can work on the staffing kinks.....we'll give it another try.
I have just been to this Irish Pub with 3 friends for breakfast and it was an underwhelming experience. The server was slow and forgot parts of our order which meant one of us was waiting while the others were eating.  The food: Eggs ordered over easy were cracked with the yolk leaking Hash browns were mixed with overpowering onion 'Irish' sausages were unimpressive (here's a tip Murphy's Law, buy your bangers from Sprouts)  Perhaps it's because it's a new business but the basics of a decent breakfast shouldn't be that hard to master. I actually like the look and feel of the bar and will probably be back for a few pints and a Shepherds Pie but I would suggest you go elsewhere for breakfast .
Fair play to the owner who contacted me to make things right the next time I visit. With that kind of attention to customer experience I am sure this place will succeed.
....And down we go to 3 stars. But if I was judging it by the breakfast I just had on Sunday, it would be a 2-star for sure, but I still want to believe in this "little-pub-that-could" and think it may be a place for a few cheeky pints and bangers & mash. Do not go for the breakfast, I repeat, DO NOT go for the breakfast. It took forever to arrive, and then 3 out of 4 arrived and they had to ask the last person how they wanted their eggs cooked again, so that breakfast arrived 5 minutes after everyone else. The hash browns were I have to say quite digusting...minimal potato, maximum strong onion and so soggy they looked like they had barely touched a pan (or however you cooked those things). Couple of our group had hot tea and asked for milk which came in a big glass so dripping 2% all over the table...I'm pretty sure Ikea sell little jugs (that's what she said) for probably a buck a piece, might be worth the investment Murphy's.  On the upside, the bacon rocked and I still think they have done a good job making it cosy and inviting inside.  Just like Arnie.S in Terminator..."I'll be back..." but just not for brekkie.
Service good..Casey did good job..food, mediocre.  The wings were good, although hot was not very hot, but they were meaty and served nicely.  The rest not so good..caesar salad had chicken thay appeared to be boiled, bland at best, black and bleu burger ordered medium, nearly raw..irish coffee an absolute joke!  Get better at a pizza joint!  The bread pudding looked ok, but ws bland at best..not worth the money.  Draft Harp expensive, particularly for happy hour.  Was looking for good Irish place downtown, but 2 or three of the other bars in San Marcos Place outshine Murphys Law.  Also noisy as heck!
It's a great place to watch a game.  Big TV's, no loud music and a good layout where you can see the TV's with minimal effort or interruption.   Service was okay.  She was a little grumpy, but everything was on schedule.  I don't really like a chatter anyway.  The room has some nice personality with local flare.  It also has a bunch of signed dollar bills covering the entire north wall, the long wall behind the bar.  I had the fish and chips, which were very good.  It was $12.95, which isn't cheap, but it was a good-sized portion and the fish tasted very fresh.  SO had potato/leek soup which was good and $4-$5.  The menu is the standard Irish pub fare.  There is a lunch menu.   I don't think you would ever go here just for the food, but I haven't really tested the menu either.
First time I went (opening night) there was no Guiness on tap.OK, no biggy. Second time I went the fish and chips was really salty.  It happens, I'll live. Third time I went it took a loooong time for service and they were not busy. I guess somebody didn't show up for work.   Fourth and last time I went I walked in and they were playing really loud head banger music.  Like when you walk into a place before they open and the cleaning guy is cranking AC/DC   I turned around and walk out.   I think I will give this place a year or two to get it together before going back. Too bad because its on my way home.
I went to Murphy's Law on a Wednesday night around 9pm, but it sure seemed like a Friday. We walked in to live music and a lively crowd. When I asked if week nights were usually so busy, I was told this was actually a slow night for this bar!  So we found a table and ordered some drinks and appetizers.  The service was a bit slow, but the atmosphere was good so I really don't even think I would have noticed the lag in getting our food if it wasn't for the fact I was starving when we walked in. I had the chicken nachos, wow were they good!  My friend said the spciy wings weren't very spicy, but still tasted very good.  Did I mention they have a reverse happy hour with 1/2 price appetizers?! Take note that this doesn't start until 10pm though. When we ordered ~9:30 the waitress told us the appetizers were half off, but our bill was for full price since she entered it into their computer before 10pm. Kudos to the owner for talking to us and changing our bill since the waitress had given us incorrect information. :)
You had at me at pub. Truly there was no chance of losing me, I was dedicated to you before we ever met and then....things went terribly wrong. Here are my problems - Your food and the odd talent you book. First the food. Everything was marginal. My irish stew - marginal. The boxty - marginal. The fish and chips above marginal. Made it all the way to average. I can overlook average and even marginal when I'm with friends and especially when I'm drinking! Hence, how you nailed me at pub!! But, I can't get my drink on if I can't hear my mates. And in this pub, I have no hope of hearing anyone because the musical talent drowns out all attempts at conversation. Damn it!!! I never thought I would ask a bar, please do not book musical talent but your pub has some terrible acoustics. Sorry, but its' the truth. That aside, what the hell do absurdly loud Jimmy Buffet songs have to do with a pub....? I've been three times now and it just isn't there.   Enough w/my sour puss attitude..the high points, the service was not nearly as bad as everyone says it has been and your beer is cold and wet - I loved it. My standards are low!
We have been here a few time with a crowd and I have to admit, it is a pretty damn good time!  The only reason I can't give it 5 stars, it is so freakin loud in this place that it is hard to hear your peeps!  You have to shout in everyone's ear, but after a few Smithwick's it doesn't matter anymore.  Haven't tried the food yet, but hands down I give it up to this place as being one of the top Pub's in the East Valley!  Check it out.
I liked the environment. The decor was carefully thought out. I am curious as to how much money is actually on the walls.   The corn bread was great. I had a potato skins and they had sat for a bit before arriving at our table. I think my husband was happy with his food (although I am not sure what he actually ate).   I think this would be a great place to hang out on a Friday night.
Murphy's has a really cute, quaint environment.  Large selection of imported & domestic beers.  If your dining fantasy is to be served by Megan Fox, stop by and ask for Casey's section.  She was charming and provided great service.  The onion ring appetizer was served in a small pewter dutch oven.  Cute presentation, but not practical for a fried food, as the bottom rings got steamed and soggy.  I ordered the shepherds pie, and my wife ordered the fish and chips.  My entree had all the right components for this classic dish, however the chef was a little heavy on the salt that night.  I loved the biscuit at the top.  Think it was a bad night for the fish & chips.  It was a small portion size (2 pc) and the fish came out kind of soggy.   We think it sat on the line too long, giving the moist fish too much time to steam the beer batter.  A manager came out to clear our plates, and asked how our dinner was.  We told him, and he offered to buy us a round and promised us that our next dinner would be perfect.  We declined the drinks but appreciated the good customer service.
Me and the wife went for lunch yesterday when we walked in we were greated by an overly hyper fellow........mngr??? we took a seat  and the server girl came to our table ordering seamed a little bumpy when they had potato leek soup on the menu but we were told ....I don't think we have that soup not that she went to check or maybe that was her way of saying we don't have that soup . I ordered the fish/chips which were good my wife had a club sandwich but in stead of on bread it was wraped in a crepe which seamed to be made w/potatos....not bad..all and all it is a decent place and i would rather have overly excited service than no service ....lots of good beer on tap
Murphy's greatest attribute is its location. The downtown Chandler area has so much potential and this is a good start. Murphy's is located in a nice plaza near the heart of the city. It's an Irish pub because we don't have enough of these in the Valley, right?   It's in a narrow suite but the bar runs almost the full length of the place. It's not very large so it gets crowded fast. The weird thing is that it dies down after 11pm. I don't know why, the people just leave. Perhaps they know something I don't. But when there are people it a mix of late 20's to young 40's crowd.  They have a lot of beers on tap, so you're sure to find something you like. The staff is friendly and they try their hardest to get to everyone. On certain nights they have live music playin in the corner. Not a lot of room, so it's usually a one or two piece band.   I'm not worried, but I hope that this place sticks around. This area needs them.
My friend chose this place for after-dinner drinks to celebrate her birthday. As a New Yorker who's used to tiny and cramp bars, this place was gigantic. Although there were your average creepy guys who checked out every girl who walked by them, there were no odd smells, no sticky tables, and the wait staff was awesome. Along with Irish relics and artwork, the walls are covered with dollar bills that all go to a local charity at the end of the year. This is definitely representative of the fun local bars we can only find out west.
Last Sunday we needed a place to work that had wifi, beer, and a good breakfast. This place was suggested by a friend, and we got there at 8AM when they opened. We grabbed some tables in the back by the electricity (for our laptops) and ordered breakfast. I got a great pasty and the potato pancake part was awesome. Coffee is just coffee, so you can't really screw that up.  Later I had an awesome Shepherd's Pie and reasonably priced beer. We drank, ate, and worked for about eight hours straight without any complaints from anyone.   Wifi was fast and reliable, and the place was clean and tidy. I will go back soon.
I have been here several times, usually in the afternoon when it is more low key.  The on tap beer selection is solid for those who want something more than golden beer flavored water.    Service has always been good.  Bonus points for the charity dollars on the wall.  Just reading what some of them say is worth the trip.  When you go donate your buck!  Not sure if they still do this but if you are the lucky person to get the last drink out of a Jameson bottle, you are entered into a contest for a trip to Ireland.  They choose from all the people at the end of the year or something.  The food is actually quite good.  we usually just grab a few appetizers because we are in for a light lunch or snack.  Their Jameson grilled wings are great.  That's right not baked in its own fat or fried in more fat, just grilled.  Among the many over priced touristy spots in downtown Chandler it is good to have a pub with decent food, a solid beer selection, and a nice decor to check out.
Murphy's Law is nothing terribly special.  A few thoughts: - It's quite small (narrow) and seating is hard to find because they get busy early. - The patrons seem a little older than the normal bar crowd.  - When they have music on you can still talk and hear the music. When they have a band it's way too loud. You have to scream at your friend sitting next to you. - I am fairly certain they do not have a patio, so you are trapped inside. - Because there is not enough parking in downtown Chandler, parking is always a challenge.  If my friends did not like to go here I probably wouldn't bother.
I went with a group of ten or so ladies to celebrate a friends birthday.  I was not impressed.  The ambiance is fine, the alcohol is fine, the food is TERRIBLE.  I went starving to the restaurant.  Big mistake.  Being a vegetarian the options were slim to none.  I had several appetizers to choose from but everyting was fried, greasy or with cream.  I understand it is a bar and they serve bar food but the variety of anything what-so-ever healthy was just not there.  I ended up getting corn bread.  It came in a skillet with whiskey butter.  The butter was interesting but the corn bread was just dry and tasteless.  I thought from reading the menu it had chilies and corn in it but I didn't see or taste anything like that.  I picked at it and then gave it to the other ladies at the table.  Now I am STARVING.  They offer not one single vegetarian item on the main menu.  NOTHING.  Not a grilled cheese, a veggie burger, NADA.  I thought that is weird.  Plenty of people I know these days don't eat meat.  Ah well, that left me with ordering a dessert to fill my tummy.  I asked the waitress what she recommended.  She said the bread pudding is fabulous and her favorite.  I thought it was terrible.  Really yucky.  No flavor and the scoop of vanilla ice cream on top had ice crystals in it.  It tasted worse than a store brand ice cream with freezer burn.  Ick.  I ate a couple bites and didn't finish that either.  I would never go to this bar/restaurant hungry again.  The food in the establishment will never pass these lips.
Good if you are doing bar hopping downtown Chandler. Haven't try much there but a beer. It has a cool environment, but a bit narrow space. Decoration is really nice and they have the funniest images!. Will have to sit down there again.
I leave Chandler for a few years, and it turns to Scottsdale.  Being a fan of Chandler bars like the Pecos Lounge and ... well ... the Pecos Lounge, I was shocked to see this sqeaky-clean, themed, yuppie bar in a neighborhood that used to mean death for white people.  As my drinking buddy noted, "I know it's an Irish pub, but do they need to beat you over the head with it?" Green backlit alcohol displays, racist comedy on the video screens, Shamrocks and green crap all over the place ... please stop.  Also, I hate when bartenders need refer to a video screen to place my order and give me a total. It was a gin and tonic and a whiskey Coke. You should be able to do that in your head, take my money and let me go have fun.
If you're in town at the San Marcos resort you would be crazy not to stop by Murphy's Law once or twice if you have the time.  The best thing about the bar is the waitresses with the short dresses and knee high socks.  The second best thing was it felt like I was home at a dive in Massachusetts.  Once you get in, you forget you're in a strip mall.  It feels like an Irish pub I go to in Boston before a Bruins game.    They had some good drink specials going on the first time I went.  I forgot what I got but it was blue and full of booze.  The Sunday morning breakfast was perfect.  They keep breakfast simple.  Eggs, French toast, hash browns, and home fries.  I'm not a morning drinker, but my buddy I work with had a Bloody Mary that he said was one of the best he's ever had.  I tried the Murphy's club on Monday night.  It hit the spot.  Full of beef and bacon what's not to love?  I washed it down with a Bud Light.  The waitress we had was friendly, and took the time to flirt with us making us ugly sales guys feel a little special.  It showed in her tip.    If I lived in the area, I'd spend a lot of time at this bar.  If you're in town on business it's a perfect bar to go to for some beer and eye candy.
The food here is good! We came in for lunch and decided to order two things to share.  All of their sanwuches are available on bread or Boxty (a huge potato pancake). We ordered the Irish Club on Boxty. It was HUGE! It was filled with corrned beef, roast beef, ham, bacon, tomatoes, and some screaming hot jalapenos. It was soooo good! one order could definatly feed two hungry people. We shared half and took the rest home. The other dish we ordered was the Cloudy Day (as it was one outside). We ordered it on bread for the purpose of dipping. It was filled with roasted beef on grilled sourdough with mashed potato, grilled tomatoes, cheddar, and Swiss cheese and served with Smithwicks Au Ju for dipping. The Au Ju was really tasty. The beef was good with no fat and not stringy at all. I was pleastly suprised by the food here. They serve breakfast on the weekend and I will be back to try that. My only complaints are that they do not have any outdoor seating and the service was a bit slow. They were haviong some serious issues with the draft beers and that may have slowed things down.
Coming from Boston this was a trip - it was like a Disney world version of the real thing. A Irish pub that I go to in Southie recreated in over the top manor nestled in a picturesque shiny new Chandler downtown. It was even on Boston St. I was like a bazaaro Boston where old plastic surgery cougars and BMX type (I think T.J. Lavin was there) bandanaed bros replaced the usual preppy/ super Irish Southie crowd.   The decor was decent but almost too much with the $1 written on bills plastered everywhere ( A real Irish pub tradition) and green lights and screens all around.    I was surprised at how good the food was both the traditional Irish fare and the modern updates on bar food classics were all pretty good. People got super wasted - more so then in Btown -  the hot staff was veryforward with pushing booze on us, which was kinda fun.   All and all not bad - I made me feel like home and a little like my wild days at ASU w/splashes of Scottsdale in the charming new Chandler downtown.
Pretty cool place we stumbled upon this evening.  Okay, right away it looks a little corny, like they're trying too hard with the hip, Irish pub theme. But once you see the beer list, your mind should be at ease.  Really good selection of quality beers. Famous names and local brews really round-out the selection nicely. Service is pretty good and the staff was friendly.  We also ate here. The food was pretty average, but not too bad for pub grub. Just depends on what you're in the mood for.  In this neighborhood, it seems like one of the best bars as many of the others are a bit shady. Definitely stop in and check it out.
My wife and I ate here for lunch back in March. The service was good. The atmosphere was reminiscent of the pubs in Dublin and in Killarney. Lots of personality. The food? We ordered the fish and chips (any pub lives or dies on that alone). It was just okay. It wasn't memorable and it wasn't crispy. It was just...okay. I would recommend that you try something else if you go here besides the fish and chips. I've had better from a non Irish/English establishment.
This place is great! Awesome selection of beer. Great food, great atmosphere, great people all the time!
I liked the place.  I can only say that the service was wonderful and I thought my Irish Nachoes were pretty tasty.  I didn't get to have a "drinky" but if you like beer this might be the place for you (having taste-tested several varieties from patronizing friends).  It's pretty upbeat on a Friday night and thought that downtown Chandler was a fun place to be (much to my surprise).  Grab a few good friends (or 10) and go.
Great place to eat/drink; the pretzel appetizer is fantastic with the nice soft pretzels in the shape of shamrocks. Wouldn't have tried this except my sister wasn't very hungry and ordered it for her meal once and bang! Now we get it each time we go.   The beer selection of of high quality and the reuben is fantastic.  My only complaint is the noise level-gets quite loud with/without live music. May be the hallway layout, may be acoustics of the sweet pub ceiling tiles, or maybe we just have a lot of loud mouths in the valley.
This is a great place to grab food and drinks. It can get pretty full on the weekends, but you can usually score a seat. The food here is addictive. I love the irish cheese dip and the corn cakes. They taste delicous with the yummy pear cider.  On the tvs they have these funny signs with quotes that are pretty entertaining. Strangely, there seems to be a never-ending reel of them. I haven't seen the same one twice.  The past few times I've been there, they've had an Irish guy playing music... Hugh. He gets a little angry if you don't clap along, but otherwise he's pretty fun.   I like this place... definitely will be back for more irish cheese dip.
Murphys Law in downtown Chandler was a great time. We went with some friends to have a couple drinks and some food. The menu was mostly irish pub grub but what would you expect. They make an awesome carbomb too. It was full but not crowded, got loud at times which made it hard to hear the person across from you but not unbearable. The service was friendly and helpful and kept our glasses full with their high quality beer selection.
This place is located in Downtown Chandler; on Arizona Ave, just south of Chandler Blvd (near San Tan Brewing). It's a fun Irish Pub, with great food and a good variety of beer. A group of 7 of us went for a weekday lunch and they quickly got a few tables together and had us sitting within a few minutes. The service was fantastic the entire time.   The World Cup was on and there were several soccer (football) fans watching the games and getting really into it. A very fun atmosphere.
If you are looking for a good selection of various draft beers and a fun place to drink them this takes the cake.  Great sense of humor.  The cheese dip here is just incredible.. Whether you are dipping pretzels or bread in it.
Breakfast was excellent, really on my top five lists of best breakfast joints anywhere.  The corned beef hash is great.  Portions were generous.  Service was attentive and friendly.
I'm a big fan of Murphy's Law, I like this place it has a good feel - it's comfortable.  Currently at 5 visits for lunch only and each time I've tried a different menu item, and 5 times have I been extremely happy with the food.   I think the corned beef and cabbage sliders are my fav tho especially with the sweet bbq type sauce on top... hard choice but I love those things.  The sweet potato fries are awesome and now my only choice of sides.  The Cloudy Day sandwich is great and the Au Jus is killer.  The beef is good and no fat anywhere on it.   The Beef Stroganoff was like mom used to make it.  The inside of the place has cool deco on all walls and ceiling and lots of dollar bills stapled up too.  Lots of flatpanel tv's around showing sports and funny pics from the web that helps keep any conversation funny.  The place is like a long thin corridor - I haven't been there at night but I would assume with a lot of people it'd be interesting walking through that to the back where the bathrooms are.  The waitresses are always nice and the manager / owner seems to walk around a lot and make sure everything is good and jokes around too... nice guy.  There's already been comments about parking in previous reviews... and I agree - not entirely their fault but there's a big gravel lot a 1/2 block away that has ample parking. It's not really that big of a deal.  Last thought:  Look up Murphy's Law address on Google maps and hit Satellite view and zoom into the building... ;)  Enjoy
I usually go to murphy's law for late night drinks and a snack.... Never been disappointed on anything I've ever eaten from apps to sandwiches and they have a unique beer selection.  definitely one of my favorite places in Chandler! Get the pretzels with cheese sauce! Awesome!!!!
Its walking distance from our hotel (Crowne Plaza)  at downtown Chandler. I originally wanted a full meal but ended up with Blue Moon beer and a plateful of beer marinated wings. Good enough. Interesting decor. Their wall is covered with autographed, real dollar bills.  I'd come again for another Blue Moon maybe sometime this week.
I really like Murphy's Law. So far I haven't had anything that was bad. There were a few daily specials that were just kind of "meh" compared to other things I've had but all in all, it's worth stopping by here if you're looking for food in downtown Chandler.  It's usually quick and easy to grab lunch, so if you're in need of good lunch that's not going to exceed your lunch hour, this is a great choice.  Make sure you get the sweet potato fries for a side...they're good :)
visiting the area for a wedding and stopped by for a pint. interesting decor with all the signed dollar bills on the walls.  ordered a pint and was told that i needed to open a tab with my card. i was dressed ok enough for a little more trust, but guess i wasn't the typical customer they get. i usually carry enough cash in my pocket for a pint.  anyways, the place was probably a little too cool for me.
I LOVE this restaurant. It has a very authentic feel with the green lights, dollar bills, and Irish decor. They have the absolute best draft on tap menu I have ever seen - you can try drafts from all over the world. Try the Harp's Ale from Ireland if you're like me and can't handle the strong Guinness. And the Crispin (alcoholic apple cider) is always a good choice - ask for it without the ice so you get more!  The waitresses are very nice and attentive. My favourite appetizer is the Irish Cheese Dip with the chips and bread - the shamrock pretzels are cute but it tastes better with the chips and bread! And the bread pudding...oh man...I've never liked bread pudding but this dessert is in a category all on it's own. Swimming in a sizzling pan of alcohol and sugar topped with ice cream...mmm...  As a vegetarian I can't comment on too many of the other dishes, but my husband loved the corned beef and cabbage and their lunch sandwiches. The only reason this restaurant doesn't get 5 stars is...it's a bit expensive. But so worth it.
Pretty decent beer selection and the kitchen is open late.
All right...  So I go to an "Irish" bar/pub for one reason and one reason only.  To have irish whiskey.  So when I went to Murphy's Law I expected to have some irish whiskey, it is an Irish pub after all.  So when I ask what types of irish they have I get the answer "Bushmills and Jameson"  Just regular old Bushmills and Jameson.  Not even the top shelves of each brand, just the boring old shopping at Walgreens brands of irish whiskey.    So I have a new "Irish" bar that I hang out at.  It has a way better and deeper selection of Irish whiskey.  It's called Fry's Grocery store.  I'll be getting my Irish on in the frozen food section.
very comfortable, authentic Irish pub.  did not eat but what we saw looked and smelled good.  Had Black and tans and they were done well.  service was good considering it was crowded.  Great location with all the other places around it...makes for a good adult pub crawl/progressive dinner....
Every time I come here, the food is awesome - from the apps, the sliders, the strawberry salad, all good.  They appear to have a pretty big list of beer, but I don't drink beer!  The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly.  The service at the tables tends to be slow (bartenders take notice much quicker than any of the servers).
Standard issue Irish pub with the addition of walls covered with paper money which patrons have kindly donated as an emergency fund should the pub fall on hard times.  Actually that is probably not why they are there but the thought occurred to me...  I had fish & chips which were good.  Not the best I've had in the valley but good.    I liked the atmosphere and the service so I will likely be back. I've got enough Irish in me blood to sway my dollar a wee bit in the direction of Irish pubs.  'Course the spirits do me fine as well.
We came across Murphy's Law while staying at a hotel nearby.  This Irish Pub is similar to my favorite Honolulu Irish pub, O'Toole's, but better for several reasons:  1.  Smoking is NOT allowed 2.  You can ruin your own perfectly good dollar bill by customizing it with a permanent marker and using a large, heavy duty staple gun to affix it to the wall!  I do believe it somehow ends up being donated to charity but don't quote me. 3.  The bathrooms are larger, cleaner, and just better  Overall a great bar!
Cool atmosphere but you pay for it. Decent bar with decent bar food but slightly over priced IMO. Solid beer selection and the whole downtown Chandler scene is growing on me. If you make a night of it in downtown Chandler this place deserves to be a stop on your tour.
It doesn't get better.  The cheese dip is to die for.  Absolutely blissful.  I have never had bad food here.  The atmosphere is great and always wonderful to see the regulars.  If I wasn't so busy Im pretty sure I would just live here.
Do not order the Jerk Chicken Salad. The dressing is a very sour coconut concoction. Even with a different dressing I still couldn't eat much.  Stick with the Boxtys and other pub fare.
This is my absolute favorite pub to visit. Great food, and I am in love with Ace Pear Cider. I try to get over here every other week.
I love Murphy's!  Great beer selection. I've tried several things on the menu and am always blown away by how good it is. Great breakfast too. My favorite appetizers are the Buffalo Bangers and the Pretzels. The fish tacos are delicious. Service is always good. It's a good bar to go and sit with friends for some drinks and food.  Good for the late 20s and up crowd.
What an experience.  It took 29 minutes from the time we sat down to get out lunch. The waitress had no sense of urgency until we found another server and the bartender to enlist some help.  We had our baby and 7-yr old with us, so the more time that passed the more out-of-control they got. It was quite agitating.  It took maybe 10 minutes for our drink order to come out.  The only thing saving this from a 1-star review is the food. The food was very tasty. We ordered wings, a chicken breast, and the cheese/tomato sandwich.  I was surprised that the waitress didn't even apologize for any delays nor did we hear from a manager.
Yes, indeed what can go wrong will go wrong, but sorry it doesn't apply here at Murphy's Law.  Free UFC fights what!? Yep, I don't understand why more bars won't do this, but total props for the Law.  Place was totally made for hanging out wearing shorts and t-shirt and maybe less :)  Price of the drinks were decent -- get the beer flights totally worth it if you don't know what to order.  I got me some steak fries, oh so worth it even though it's still a load of carbs to run off!  Service was good especially when the place was popping.  Chicks in short skirts and leggings, I'm not one to complain!  The place is decored with dollar bills which you can write yourself and post up!  I still gotta do that myself, but there's always next time.  To top it off live music on Saturday nights for sure, but not sure about the rest of the nights. - Enjoy!
While I'm ready to give Irish Republic (formerly Murphey's) 2 stars based on appearance (divey, dark, cliche Irish bar - though eclectic) and some of the service we've encountered (lackadaisical, confused, being ignored or forgotten - though rare), the food is consistent almost to a T and the list of craft beer they have available on draft and in bottles is impressive considering it's a run-of-the-mill Irish pub.    Most of the seating is inside, but there are a few stools out front on the walkway (within a confined area that's bordered by big black bars) that are used for overflow or for people who just want to be outside.  The bathrooms are all the way in the back and there's a long enough hallway so that if there's a line, you're not waiting in a crowd or watching the door obsessively to see if you can sneak in before anyone else.  They are fairly large, well-lit, and cleaner than most bars as well.  Back to the food - some of it is greasy, some of it is isn't, it all depends on what you're ordering and you recognizing that you're in a bar (hello).  The fried foods are the good kind of greasy and pub chips are finger-lick-inducing.  Any fish served here is better than some other places around the area, and the portions are hearty - enough to fill you right to the top or save some for later.  If you're looking for a good appetizer, try the creamy artichoke dip with the tortilla chips, fries, or pub chips, you can't go wrong.    They have live music on weekends, including Thursday nights if I remember correctly, and every Monday they have "Manicures and Martinis" for the ladies ($12).  If you're looking for a place to try some great craft beer, this is a place to visit for sure.  It might not seem like it, but Murphy's has (besides your usual Miller, Bud, Coors crap) ~15 bottled beers and ciders and ~20 on draft, many of which are local.  And, if you're not too sure about what kind of beer you like, most of the bartenders are knowledgable enough to help you pick something out to try or will blend you something with cider and beer - which is pretty awesome if you've never tried it.
What Murphy's Law does have is a great beer/drink selection and delicious food! Though expensive!   The cons: this bar gets VERY crowded fast since it is a very small and narrow bar. This place is also extremely loud when there is live music. I love live music, but not here. The building and atmosphere is too small to be having loud live music, you cant even hear yourself talk.   I recommend sitting on their patio, there's usually a table open even if there's a wait inside. And you can happily listen to the live music through the windows and have a conversation at the same time :)  It's a fun atmosphere, check it out!
Food is awesome! I am not sure about the service because I usually sit at the bar. Small place, but it works.
Tonight was my first time in here. One of my friends is a server here. Aside from visiting to see her, the food was decent. Potato nachos were a new thing for me. The only complaint I had was the amount of jalapeos, I'm not a fan of those. I would suggest a bit more seasoning, but good overall. The bread pudding was also a unique experience. I have never eaten or cooked bread pudding with a liquid sauce, but I have no complaints. Both items were decent in portion size. I'll be back, especially since they cater to vegetarians more than most restaurants.
hate having to do this but there has been a lot of changes at Murphy's in the last year, none of which I can report as being good. This place used to be consistently great with service and food but I'm sad to say it's not anymore.   Began earlier this summer when the food started being hit or miss. Some days it was the stellar food we all came in to have at lunch and other days... not so good. To the point that the last three times were bad and the large group of us haven't gone back and probably won't. The food thing came down to if a certain chef was working - if he was there, good; if not, bad. Started asking the waitresses and figured out the trend.   Fast forward to today and that chef has left and no longer works there. Which leads me to understand why the last 3 times in a row the food has been subpar. Like what makes a tomato hard? wasn't green or unripe but hard like... tough to cut hard. wtf? I don't know enough to know this is a reason the food has got worse but typically if you're looking to franchise you get different food vendors that can deliver the same type of food to your locations all across the country. So think frozen foods instead of more fresh stuff etc. I mean it makes sense. Also when you have a trained Chef quit whom made great food, and tailored to groups that wanted more expensive off the menu lunches and catered for local businesses & events... something's up. I can only assume it was the quality in food and the new direction...   ... meaning... I also found out (chandler news and biz journal) that Murphy's is wanting to franchising and changing their name to Irish Republic and some of what's going on inside. Girls with slightly different garb... kilt's and knee-high's. etc. Not so much breastaraunt-ish but similar.  Trademark Info: http://www.trademarkia.com/irish-republic-public-house-85274024.html  Service... much like the food the service has gone down in quality. There never seems to be enough girls during what used to be the lunch rushes and an hour lunch quickly turns into 1:30 lunches waiting on fill-ups and food and the check. It's not horrible service, girls are nice and friendly, just slow.   In summary: We haven't returned in at least 4 weeks and it's just not an option when thinking of places to eat downtown Chandler anymore. From 5 to a 2 (meh i've experienced better).  I miss what Murphy's was - we all do.
Lunch on Saturday with my sister and nephew.   Please note:  This review is solely based on a dining experience... (although I will head back to check this place out at night!)  On the menu:  Appy:  Soft pretzels sticks (4) and cheese (All appys $5 during happy hour!)  Drinks:  A pint of Guinness for my sister and the perfectly poured Snakebite for me. Happy Hour prices (Daily 2pm-6pm) only $5/pint.   Entrees:    Nephew:  Mild Wings   $8.99 (All appys $5 during happy hour!)     Sister: Chicken Shepherd   $10.99     Me: Turkey Reuben (sub coleslaw for sauerkraut) with sweet potato     fries.    $9.29  We shared them all and have to say we were extremely impressed.  The wings were big and well flavored.  The Chicken Shepherd was equivalent to a cauldron full of cheesy chicken pot pie with a flaky puff pastry mounted on top. The turkey Reuben was dee-lish with thick crusty bread and well seasoned coleslaw.   The sweet potato fries were some of the best that I've had.  Definitely more than enough food for all of us!  The atmosphere:  Fun, eclectic, divey type bar with an Irish flair... Just my kind of place! Plenty of entertainment in reading the dollars posted all over the walls!  :)  The service:  Adequate.  Nothing really stood out as exceptionally good or exceptionally bad...    Overall:  We walked out happy and full!  Prices a little high unless you hit up happy hour or use the 2 for 1 in the Entertainment book.   Definitely will hit this place up again!
Very busy (even at 3 in the afternoon) but especially at night. Great beer (according to my husband...his favorite is the White Chocolate Ale) Reuben sandwich is really good, but overpriced. And they charge 50 cents per side or ranch or honey mustard which is pretty lame, since I maybe use 1/4 of the cup they gave me. $12 for a sandwich and fries? I could accept $8 or $9. I will say though...if you DO go there...try the shepherd's pie. You won't be disappointed. I'll be primarily going there for drinks and happy hour.
Really good Ruben sandwich! Love the sweet potato fries! The service is great! Go to this place and see for yourself.
Rip  off warning! This place has sure changed and not for better.  Warning that the happy hour appetizer while $5 vs $8 or so it is also about half the portion   total rip off!  Since when are happy hour appetizers smaller????
Ran out of Guinness.  Seriously they didnt' have Guinness.   It was a tuesday night but still, I was stopping by after work for a quick pint.  No bueno.    I was forced to try the Kilkenny's Irish Red.  Pretty good stuff, but it ain't Guinness.    Food was horrible and i even went with the server's recommendation, the "Cloudy Day" i believe it was.  Aptly named, because it was depressing.  There's mexican food on the menu too.  Confusing.   If you want atmosphere, go.  My guess is they will probably have Guinness when you are there.  Eat somewhere else before you go.  And, seriously, lose the tilted kilt uniforms for the servers.  It kills the genuine atmopshere that I think this place does a good job of creating.
I was early for a dinner date around the corner and happened to see a couple of guys hanging a sign for what looked like a new Pub/Restaurant.  I always like to try new places so I ventured in.  I guess this place used to be called Murphy's Law and now it is called Irish Republic.   I had never been to Murphy's Law, so although I have nothing to compare it to, I did like the interior and service of the "new" Irish Republic. I sat at the bar and service was attentive and friendly.
Great service and good food.  My favorite part is the Trivial Pursuit packs arranged at the bar every 4-6 people! Great for an ice breaker, fixing a lull in the conversation or just proving that your boss is, indeed, an idiot!
First, probably closer to 3.5 stars.  Second, it's located in the old downtown Chandler square.  Phoenix wishes they had something like this.  So when the Phx types who are too cool for school make their way to Chandler, this is what a downtown reclamation process should look like.  Having said the above...I don't quite understand the beer pricing and sizing.  Seems a little out of what.  As for the food, everything I've had there has been very good to great.  I've had fish and chips several times there and have asked for cocktail sauce.  Since they don't have it in a jar they make it by scratch.  Keep in mind this isn't a very technical task but they do an outstanding job each time.  My major concern is the owners are moving to franchise "the concept."   Not sure how that's going to work out or how it will impact food quality, but I'm guessing for the worse.
Average. Nothing special or over the top about this bar. It's authentically an Irish Pub (which I love) but the prices are very high.  The atmosphere is friendly, service is average, and the bar is large and well-spaced. It's great for a group setting or just catching a drink after work.   I was disappointed with the higher prices. Two beers and two glasses of house wine cost me $30 (before tip!). Not cool.
Soso food, bad service, $7 beers. Yet another "Irish" bar. Skip this one until they come under better management.
Brews are ice cold BUT!!! there food is GREAT!!!! and the servers are cute/sweet!  Also try there breakfast hugh servings and coffee never ends they make it strong too, not no whimpy coffee here. Fridays a bit crowded so get ther early, so it make great for a real Irish Pub.  LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! try there fish & chips, Sheperds Pie oooooo goood!!!! and the bread pudding is Jodie approved!!! 5 stars she LOVED IT, and my wifew knows here bread pudding.
THIS PLACE WAS ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. Avoid this place if you can.   I was visiting from out of town and we decided to stop and eat here for lunch.  It wasn't that busy, yet it took about 5 minutes to get a waitress to get our drink order. After we ordered our food, we waited THIRTY to FORTY minutes for our food. First of all, its a pub. The food we ordered was simple and should not have taken that long. We had to remind our waitress several times what we wanted on the side. Not only that, I just looked at my bank statement and they charged me over DOUBLE what I was supposed to be charged. This place SUCKS. not worth your time or money.
My family and I had purchased tickets online to attend the St. Patrick 's day festival and have a nice lunch at the pub.  When we arrived, we decided to go to the festival first, right at Noon when it was scheduled to open.  Mass chaos with pre-purchased tickets, designated driver tickets and wristbands.  Waited until 12:40 and the festival STILL wasn't opened.  We asked for a refund on the festival tickets, and wanted to go eat at the pub for a nice, authentic Irish meal.  Once we arrived at the pub, we were informed that no one under 21 was allowed in today.  That was not on ANY of the festival information - flyers or website!  The whole event was disorganized; non of the management nor staff knew what to do or expect.
The VIP area for St Paddy's day party was a bust for the price. Limited drinks and very limited food
I never did get a response from the management on the horrible handling of the credit system being down.
I've been to this place a few times when it was Murphy's Law.  I found the big screen TV's rather annoying and the staff indifferent.  The grilled wings are good but the nachos were horrible.  The beer selection is above average.   A friend of ours stopped in after the renaming.  She just ordered an Arnold Palmer but let's check the place out.  She said she had a horrible service and was never asked about a refill and after paying more for a while was finally handed a check.   My friend and I ordered drinks and split a fish and chips.  When it came time to pay the POS system was down.  We had to wait 20+ minutes with no offers of anything comped before being told that my order was $19 his was $8 and that they didn't know what tax was ut $31  should cover it..........  $4 tax on a $27 bill?  Seriously?  After waiting another 5min or so they finally calculated the tax for my bill, my friend gave them some money and told them to keep the change but was never given an accounting.    This is some of the worst service I have experienced.  The waitresses were indifferent and the bartender lacked knowledge of the beers on tap to begin with, but having to wait 30min for the bill and then being given no consideration is unforgivable.    I sent the place an email outlining my complaints with service 24 hours ago and still haven't received a response.  I will update if I do.
4 stars because of the bar company. My boyfriend & I chatted with a Marine namef Mike from out of town. Cool guy! Bartender started out as distracted(not his fault as he should have had staff to back him up if needed) but ended but being super cool. Managers are a pain in the ass to get them to be friendly to you. Had 2 appetizers...the turkey avocado bites(kind of a turkey bruschetta thing) & the pretzel with cheese(HAVE TO OEFER WITH THE CHEESE). The ptetzel cheese app was soooo much better than the turkey avocado bites! I give them a 5, & the bites a 3(which I expected the opposite of both).
This is a nice little place.  We've only stopped in for drinks and apps a couple of times, but the bartenders are really nice, and my Margarita was good (which is rare for a bar/pub type place) and the onion rings are yummy.  We'll definitely go back!
Used to be "Murphy's Law" - decor is the same, but the food isn't as good. I think this must be a chain because for whatever reason the new owners/management feels stale almost like an Applebees. I just hope they don't take down the giant bear skeleton in the front walkway! Still fun for a Saturday, live music and cool atmosphere.
Are you looking for a no frills Irish pub in Chandler? You've found it. This is such a cool bar and I wish there were more with this much character around Phoenix. This is a narrow bar that feels like it should be in a big city. Dollar bills line the walls, sports play on the tvs, loud music excites the atmosphere and the beer is flowing. They also serve food! This bar has character and I mean dive bar character. If you are in Old Town Chandler and eager to enjoy some drinks in a lively setting, this is your spot.
Here's my update. Irish Republic was WAY better when it was Murphy's Law *sheds a tear* It is now a franchise and the service is crappy, and being the beer connoisseur that my husband is, they no longer list the AVB next to the beers. It was depressing the last time we all went to the Irish Republic because all of us sat there and said, "This place has REALLY changed...for the worse." It's not horrible, still a fun place to hang out but now all they play is pop music all night long and I really miss the live bands. Maybe they still have live bands, but they didn't have one on the Saturday night we went.
This place has gone downhill cause of the owner
I enjoyed this pub. AZ is really lacking in places that have a quality pub feel. This one has it.  Never tried the food. Beer prices can be a bit high at $4 each but whatever. Will go at happy hour next time and see what kind of specials they run.
Recently spent a girls weekend in downtown chandler and were looking for somewhere for a nice breakfast. We quickly settled on Murphys law/Irish republic... It was a Sunday morning around 9am and there were a few tables with customers, so it wasnt hard to find a seat.  We were greeted and handed menus, but it was a few minutes before we were able to give our order.  The food came and the portions were HUGE.  The only complaint we have about the food was the toast was so dry, it broke just from picking it up.   The only real complaint I had, was that some of the waitresses were more interested in taking tacky, inappropriate photos with a large beer tower that they will begin serving for football season.  I am not sure if they think it was proper or funny to do that while customers were seated 10 feet away, but both our table, as well as the table of 6 elderly women at the table next to us found it extremely tacky.  Perhaps, promotional photos should be done when there are not clients there to witness.  I would go back for breakfast, not sure about evening meals as the place seemed vert small and I would think it would get very loud and hard to hold a conversation.
Great food and service!  We love taking new friends here!
Went here for dinner a few weeks ago. Had heard about it, but for whatever reason it wasn't what I expected. Like someone mentioned, probably because it has a chain-y feel. Can't complain about the service. I had the turkey avocado sandwich which was alright. I would probably come back for a drink, but wouldn't put it into a regular lunch/dinner rotation.
I've been to Murphy's every time I go to AZ (always for work).  Although it's been so long since I've traveled for work, it seems the name has changed...  I choose the hotel around the corner so I can walk back and hopefully rid myself of a few calories from the amazing food and beverages!  I've tried the Corned Beef and Cabbage twice.  The first time was the best.  it was juicy, flavorful and the mustard seeds added such a unique touch to the dish, I was instantly a fan.  The Shepherd's pie was tasty enough.  Too much for my tummy, but I did my best.  But I will say, my favorite part was my very first visit.  I sat at the bar and the bartender came over to take my order.  When I explained my dietary restrictions, he ordered something for me (off menu shhhhh)...  It was Ahhhhmazing!  Not only did it have the perfect blend of protein and veggies that I asked for, but the chef had sliced and broiled/grilled a few cherry tomatoes to send my palate into over drive!    With so many choices of beer to choose from, I enjoyed the different flights available and found I really like the variety offered.  the atmosphere is fun, a little loud some nights, and others, so laid back and peaceful I wouldn't want to leave.  You will have fun if you go.  I'm not sure if they are still doing it, but ladies, they have Manicure Mondays! lol  Treat yourself to a good spirit and pampering!
This is a terrible bar!  Terrible!  They drove out all of the good staff due to the owners insane rants.  They have a strange smell, their "pints" aren't, they are in undersized glasses to "look" like pints.  They are over priced, and the food quality has seriously suffered in the last year.  Save the trouble and go next door to san tan brewery!
3 stars is more for the lack of service than the food......I think the servers must have to fail an IQ test to work Irish Republic!! Had several good dishes for lunch but getting a CORRECT bill was like "pulling teeth"!!
Lots of good beers on tap; good food menu.  Try the bread pudding, it's delicious!
This place is in the heart of Downtown Chandler.  It's like an Irish Hooters, meaning there are scantily clad  female servers.  I'm not into that, being a female, but I still enjoyed the atmosphere.  Dollar bills and old photos hang from the walls.  I got the grilled 4 cheese sandwich.  It was OK, a bit greasy and heavy.  I was searching for a relatively healthy veggie option and its anything but healthy.   Nonetheless, there were other menu items that looked intriguing and I would come back again to try them.
GREAT FOOD! Ok drinks, but if you like beer they have a very large selection.
Loved the area and the building.   Comfortable interior.   Waitresses and food is the draw back.  Spinach dip was ok with cheap tortilla chips. Kick up the chips or scooping devices for better review.  Fish and Chips were a stinker.  Soggy and greasy with what seemed to be Pollack not a Cod like fish.  Cheap 3rd party cole slaw.  Not good.  What really sets up the for disaster is the waitresses.  Slow and not thoughtful of what is required to be a waitress. Lil weird.   Anyway,  we will be back to sit and drink beer in a great setting.
The only way I would return to this pub is if I were drinking, only.  The only way I would order food here again was if it were 1:45am, I was drunk and the food was deep fried. We went here because of a Groupon I had purchased for beer samplers and apps.  We made the mistake of staying for dinner.  Our appetizer arrived with our dinner.  We ordered the "favorite" app which was chicken skewer something...basically dried out chicken breast on a stick.  Disgusting.  The meals were even worse, and I'm not a picky eater.  I could go on but I'll stop here.  Hopefully this is enough for you to NOT order food here.  Even the waitress agreed with me, she herself doesn't even eat the food.
Went here Saturday morning for some breakfast with my boyfriend, the bar/restaurant was pretty empty with only 1 or 2 other tables of people but we chose to sit ourselves outside on the patio. Our waitress was slow and had no knowledge about the specials on the board. It seemed to take forever for our food to arrive which seemed strange with the place being so empty. There were 4 or 5 other waitresses working this morning which seemed a bit much. They mostly stood around next to our table and talked about drunken nights out with friends and other pointless distracting topics. Our waitress was very friendly but was not attentive at all. The food was pretty good, I got the French (Irish) Toast and the portion was big, I couldn't even finish it. I would come back but maybe for a drink or two at the bar. The food is decent but I wouldn't sit through another meal service like that again.
Great place if you love beer. The food is so so however The service was great. Had a good atmosphere to go out with friends would not recommend for a date.
I had walked by this place a few times and kept meaning to go in but hadn't had the chance. On Sunday we found out they are one of the few places open for breakfast right there on Sundays (seems a few of the other popular breakfast spots are closed on Sunday.  I was a little hesitant about an Irish bar for breakfast but it was fantastic.  Service was great, food was yummy and reasonably priced. I'll be back for sure.
This place has potential. but its inconsistencies in food and service leave me feeling frustrated and wanting to go to Rula Bula or Fibber Magees.  Sometimes the food is really good and other times its mediocre.  For example, the last time we were there I got cold fries ('Sweet potato fries are just so hard to keep hot ' says the waitress), delicious chili, and then a cottage pie that was just mashed potatoes and peppers.  (Doesn't the menu say "Root Vegetables?"  As in "plant roots"? As in carrots, turnips etc?)  And the service is usually pretty slow, no matter how many people are in there.  The owner needs to whip his wait staff and chefs into shape, or this place is in danger of being on an episode of "Restaurant: Impossible."
Stopped at Irish Republic for a quick dinner with my wife and a friend on Saturday night. Food was good, beer was cold, service was as good as it could be for a bar with that many people in it.  Here's where the problem comes in - 3 Entrees for the table and a beer for me came to around $40 (pretax/pretip). Left my debit card for the balance and left cash as a tip. I check my bank statement today, and my debit card had been charged for $50.00 flat. I know for a fact that the bill wasn't exactly $50, so it was either changed after the fact or the waitress wrote her own tip on the tip line. Either way, that's shady and not acceptable in my book. Sent an e-mail to the manager, will update if i recieve a response, but I will not be dining here again.
This is a decent Irish Pub.  When we arrived, I was craving Fish & Chips, but not after our server told us they weren't very good that night.  I appreciated the honesty.  I got the Owner's Choice sandwich.  It was good, not great.  There were surprisingly very few french fries served with the sandwich, and those fries weren't exactly hot.  The servers were nice, and it looks like they have a lot of events.  It could have just been a slow night, but it didn't seem worth returning to.
Atmosphere pretty good.  Had the fish and chips, good portion and fresh cod. Had an early lunch so I can't comment about the atmosphere during busy time. Give this place a try, great location in downtown Chandler.
I recently moved into the area, so my roommates and I decided to give this place a try. Everything minus the food was fine. I'm not much of a drinker, but the menu does include a lengthy and diverse beer selection.   The food is basically what you'd expect from a pub.  While the menu is a bit more extensive than similar places, the quality is about what you expect--mediocre at best.  But if you're not looking to eat, the atmosphere is nice for hanging out with friends, grabbing a beer, etc.  The servers are also friendly.  The day after going to the pub, though, I was very sick. I don't know if it's that my stomach can't handle a beer and hot chicken wings anymore, (must be getting old!) or if it was food poisoning. To play it safe, I'm definitely not going back for the food!
Just had a drink, nothing special.  Great looking bar, and looks like it could be alot of fun.  Little Pricey (2 drinks, flavored vodka, $17) Will give them a shot again.
My friends and i went to Irish Republic on St.Patrick's day eve. It was by far the WORST service I have ever received at a bar. We waited no less then 20 min for a drink.  We thought our first server was horrible; she told us she was leaving and requested that we close out and open a new tab with the server  coming on staff. The new server appeared about 30-45 min later, after we flagged staff down. We spent a lot of money at this bar and WILL NOT be going back. Very disappointed by the ridiculously poor service here. To top it off, they only have 1 bathroom for women, with  absurd decoration. if I could rate this "bar" a zero, I would.
Went there for a birthday bash - It was great!! Servers were attentive but not too pushy.  Appetizers were tasty and plenty to choose from to have a drink.  Atmosphere was lively and fun.  Will go back.
I came here for some lunch with my mom and I was very happy we stopped in! They have a rally nice selection of alcohol (beer and liquor primarily). I had their vegetarian mac and cheese, it was sooo good. It was creamy and rich, I really liked the broccoli added to the dish. My mom had a pita pizza which was really good to! I also liked their music selection (Flogging Molly, NOFX, Dropkick Murphys). I will be back!
Love this place in Downtown Chandler. Lot's o Beers to choose from, great food. The Beer Cheese Pretzels are Ridiculous! Ixchel is awesome behind the bar & our server Sarah was the best I've had in awhile- great smile, attentive & personable which made for a fun night!
We visited at 8:30 p.m. on Friday, me and wife and 10 month old.  I always give the place an "out" if something's not right.  My wife and I got seated at a 2 top on the wall and the high chair placed between our table on the side.  When the old lady and guy paid their bill to the left of us were 28 open seats, all 4 and 2 tops.  To the right of us a 4 top and the dimwit hostess sat a 4 top there between us and another 4 top and I internally was pissed because we were so crowded the VERY friendly waitress was putting food on the table next to us.  The reuben was DYNAMITE, HVAC was not.  The front was open so we were "pitted-out" from fetid air.  The 4 top next to us was pissed they were sandwiched between us and another table and they didn't move they left.  The VERY friendly waitress waiting that table agreed with me the hostesses must be brain-damaged...OK, she said one is "new."  $5.50 french fries (straight fries) were a tad old, not crispy.  They did great on the reuben.  Maybe I'd give 3 stars if when I walked out 4 hostesses and waitresses and one guy weren't impeding our exit and didn't thank us and were talking about slamming shots.  I don't care about the 50 bucks, I care about the experience and a beer glass that was not cold, it was slightly warm.  We should have waited the 35 minutes for SanTan (this place was 30% full.)  I suspect this place is 5 stars to get hammered, but they miss some basics I learned as a waiter / bartender.  I cleaned crumbs off my seat - & 5 people yapping outside.
The first waitress we got was just horrible. We had a party of 8 outside, and she asked everyone what we wanted to drink, got 1 order, and then walked away.  She came back, asked if we were ready to get drinks, we said yes, she took my order and my boyfriends order, and walked away. Again.  Then she came back, got 3 more people, and left. Ridiculous.  So my aunt goes to the bar, orders  her drink since she's obviously being ignored and here's the interaction  Aunt: (to bartender) Can I get a beer please? Bartender: The server will be with you. A: She hasn't come out yet, so I wanted to come here. Server: (walking up) Can I help you with something? A: I'm getting a beer from the bar, since you left our table a few times. S: THAT IS A COMPLETE LIE. A: Really? I have a table of 8 that can attest to you walking away from us multiple times when we wanted drinks. S: That is just not true. I was out there and NONE OF YOU WERE READY. B: *snakes away and gets the manager*  Needless to say, the manager came out, said we were getting a new waitress, and she TOTALLY rocked our world. She was much better. We were ready to throw change on the table and walk away from the terrible service, but our party was so large it wouldn't have been worth it.  Food was good, beer was alright, and half of the servers seem to be nice.  Can I mention that the owner is totally kickass? He was very very friendly, let my little sister in (we were there with the family) even though it was late, and was just totally great.
Came here late on a Saturday night with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday. Was so packed that most of our party had to stand, could barely move, and couldn't hear each other. The waitress was not very friendly and the drinks were not that great. My friend paid for me so I am not sure what the drink prices were like. Hubby also said he saw a few people actually smoking inside. Isn't there an ordinance for that? Needless to say, not my kind of place so we had 1 drink, paid, and went next door to San Tan Brewery. If you like loud, overly crowded bars with bad service, then maybe this is your place.
I have been here about 10 times.  Once for lunch and the rest for dinner.  They have the best Fish and Chips.  It is lightly battered, the fish is moist, and the Tarter Sauce is awesome.  The challenge is they don't serve the Fish and Chips after 10 PM.  I was here last night and was denied their fish and chip deliciousness!!  We ended up going next door to San Tan Brewery and ordered the Fish and Chips there and it actually was pretty good.    Fish and Chips is a signature dish for Irish Republic  and it is deep fried so I don't quite get why they would pull it off the menu at 10:00.  I have had a couple of servers that were awesome, but for the most part the service is slow and often times the server is not rude, but you get the impression that they have better things to do and your more of a burden than a customer.   Service and quality decline drastically if it is busy.   In terms of drinks if you focus on something from the tap you will typically be okay.  If it is slow you will not have to much trouble with mixed drinks.  If it is busy, you will likely be disappointed with your mixed drink.  Typically it will be warm, half poured, and if you have anything with sugar on the rim (Lemon Drop) you will taste salt with the sugar.  If they were more consistent with their service, food, and drinks and did not sacrifice their quality when they are busy  I would give them a higher rating.
Irish Republic-  Since San Tan Brewery was to busy, I walked into this place - which was not busy at all- that was the 1st red flag... First impression was it smelled bad when I walked in - probably all of the musty $1 bills stapled to the wall. Nice HD tv's - 5 of them at the bar.  Bar was sticky and uncleaned - with wadded up paper napkins and an used glass in front of the bar where i sat - which the bartender never did bother to pick up.  Stella beer was not very cold.   Bartender did not know they had a chicken sandwich - he had to look at the menu. That should have been a warning to not order it I guess. The bun was good. The chicken was not seasoned - flavorless and full of connective tissue- no wonder the bartender never bothered to ask me how everything was... But only served a few fries - definitely not enough - ketchup bottle was sticky and empty. I ate half of my sandwich, drank half the beer and left.  I will not return there- and btw,  it takes quite a poor experience for me to rate a bad review.  They could definitely learn something about customer service, along with food quality.
I came here for an AZ Girls Pint Out happy hour.  Seems like your typical Irish bar.  I was with a large group and I have to say that our waitress was extremely attentive and prompt. 5 minutes after a drink was empty, she was there to see if we'd like another. She even split all of our checks w/out us asking.   My friend and I split the Jameson chicken skewers and spinach dip. Both were good. They have a good selection of beers and ciders.  The bathrooms are creepy. Not so much that theyre not lit, just the decorations on the walls. And if you have AT&T, you will have no cell service here. Parking is kind of a pain, but thats par for the course w/ any place in this area.  This is a great place to stop at on a bar crawl.
Went here for the first time prob about a week ago. OMG OMG have I been missing out. I found a new beer that I love here. They habe a good size selection for beer pretty good beer my bf says. Its hard for me to find a beer that I like. I like wheat beers basically.  I drink dos or blue moon or shock top or leinkugle shandy. So happy I found a new beer here. The burger sliders are awesome! So so good. The walls are pretty cool in here. If you don't like loud ill tell you now on the weekends the music gets loud in here. I on the other hand love it. Good to be social has a patio to enjoy this amazing az weather. Great location to just  walk around too.
This is one of my favorite places in downtown Chandler. Huge beer selection and they have a large menu of mixed beer drinks. The fish and chips are always a good choice and their cheese dip with pretzels is delish! I've had their wine burger as well and it was fantastic! We have always had great service that is prompt and friendly.  My only complaint is the smell. Another reviewer said "mold maybe"...no I would say urine. We have been there several times and sometimes you smell it and sometimes you don't. The last time we were there we were taken all the way to the back near the hallway to the bathroom and I asked to be moved due to the overwhelming odor. We moved more to the middle of the bar and although you could still smell it, it was less so, but I smelled it as soon as we walked in. It is an old building, but none of the other shops or restaurants have that odor. OWNERS: please have this fixed as I can see it driving people away.
It's rare that you will find a pub/bar that has great atmosphere, delicious food and exceptional customer service! The Irish Republic house in downtown chandler is the best pub I have enjoyed being at.  The pub itself is quite small but always packed with a lot of people. This time was no exception. They had a local live band playing called the "tik tik boom" that kept the crowd excited and in spirit at the bar.  The beer with the flavoured vodka shot for the Fall season was the special of the night which made the night more exciting.  Had the peach beer with the pumpkin vodka -- really good combination.  Also we ordered the fries with cheese and onions -- amazing and cooked to perfection.  Lastly, the service! We were a group of 4 guys and were taken care of by Kat.  She was welcoming and really understood the meaning of excellent customer service. She frequently checked up on us, talked to us an all that with a smile. Hard to find waitresses and waiters who are happy to serve throughout the night. She was great!  At the end of the night to top everything off, the manager discounted our bill by $10. Awesome!  So if u are looking for a good time to hang out with music, food and exceptional service -- then I suggest the Irish Republic house and be sure to ask for Kat!
IRRESPONSIBLE.  TERRIBLE.  ABSOLUTE JOKE OF A BAR.  Screw this place.  I already was pretty lukewarm on this joint, it's very mediocre, the crowd is kind of douchey, and the beers are expensive.  But my friends wanted to go on a saturday, so I joined.  I ordered one beer.  One.  ONE.  "Do you want to keep your tab open?' the bartender asked.  Sure.  Why not.  10 minutes later my friends say "This place kind of sucks [they're right], let's go!"  Hey bartender, can I close my tab?  "Sure, let me just find your card."  It's been 10 minutes.  One beer.  8pm on a Saturday, not 1am and mayhem.  Cant find it. "We're getting it for you." they tell me.  They're trying to act like they DIDN'T just lose my debit card.    Finally 20 minutes later they ask me again for my name and what it looks like.  Can't find it.  Keep looking in the same five spots over and over like it's going to magically re-appear.  Can't find it.    I'm so pissed at this point...I have no other way to pay for anything on me, when I go out I just bring my license and my card.  I need gas to get home.  I wanted to have a good night.  Nope, they ruined it.  I leave, tell them I'll be back in an hour.  Go to San Tan, where they don't lose cards after 10 minutes.  Go back to Irish Republic later.  "I dont know what to tell you man, it's like it just disappeared!"  I'm livid.  I'm probably being a dick to the guy that tells me that.  I tell him I have no money to get home now, because of their irresponsibility.  "Yeah we'll keep looking."    When I tell him he can probably call off the search because it's incredibly obvious that they didn't LOSE my card, they GAVE IT TO SOMEONE ELSE, he shakes his head.  "No that certainly didn't happen.  It's here man.  Sorry!"  In the morning I find charges I didn't make, at In-N-Out Burger and Joe's Farm Grill.  Now I have to dispute those.  Had to have someone loan me money to get home.  Couldn't enjoy my night out with friends.    This bar is a poorly managed mess and sucks terrible dick.  Don't go there.  Don't give them your cards.  Hell, don't give them your money, they might claim to lose it and ask you for more.    This place is garbage.  I'll be putting it on every form of media I know that this place can go straight to hell.
Food good got nachos..really big..drinks good and stiff..service from servers on point ..very nice..dont bother putting money in the jukebox during sunday night football during halftime...Per manager ..Policy says that the 2 other people in the bar would rather listen to commercials on tv than music..LAME..put up a sign so I dont waste my money...
Place was OK. Great waiter, waitresses seemed great, atmosphere average. Bit of an odd crowd...a little of everything.   Had the Shepard's Pie...recommended and their spotlight dish. Pie had frost bitten/frozen taste, either the pastry on top or the peas, etc... Shepard's pie doesn't have cheese in it, does it? Where is Gordon Ramsey?   No homemade craft beers either. SanTan so much better and happening. Won't go back to Murphy's unless just for beers.
Well a new experience in customer service. I order a drink and wanted to pay cash.the drink was 5.25 plus tax so 5.73.. I gave a 20 and the waitress brings back 14..??? so I ask about the .27 cents. She said we don't give change..if its less than .50 no change if its over you get 1.00..Really its not about the .27 its the principle..Wow.. Sorry Roger but 2 times bad experience.. I give up
Been here three times now...Love the food...tried 9 different items on the menu and have not been disappointed. Best corned beef and cabbage I've ever had at a restaurant. The service could be better...two times now there has only been one waitress, so drink refills are slow. The place does have an odor...smells like stale cider beer...going to be back very soon to try their breakfast. Hopefully the service will improve soon...seen several interviews for servers going on when I've been in there.
Irish Republic was just OK. Seemed like a Tilted Kilt knock off.   But, looks like a it'd be fun atmosphere for a night of drinks if beer isn't your thing at the lovely establishment next door.   I dropped in for a drink with my Dude and sister while waiting both for Sarah R. and Missy F. to show up, and for our table at San Tan Brewery.   Hey, why not kick off the night ... You know, pre-game?  Enjoyed a fantastic pint of Hoegaarden. I know Dude had a rum and Coke combo but can't remember what type.   The fun ended when Kate ordered this ginormous carafe of one of their summer specials, White Sangria.   Keep in mind we're talking about a girl who is less than 120 pounds and is easily drink, drank drunk just from smelling a cocktail ... So we tried to persuade her otherwise.   The thing was $8 and it turned out to be mostly Sprite. Barely a sniff of booze. What a letdown and a waste. It was hilarious watching her chug it like water,  though!    Hey at least we didn't have a crazypants drunk on our hands, right?  Threw in the third star for service, the gal serving us did a fab job.   Mayybe I'll check it out again; think the name changed to Murphy's Law.
Comfortable and relaxing. Good beer, had a real black and tan (guiness and harp), food tasty and football on the screens. What more do you need. Thanks for reading.  The Bike Chaplain
This place is happening! Live bands, large screen tv's for the games. Great veggie chicken mac n cheese, nachos and fish n chips. Big variety of drinks and more than 1 cider beer to choose from. Authentic Irish pub and kitchen stays open late!
Came in from outta town, and a coupla friends insisted on bringing me here, even after I mentioned that I didn't wanna go anywhere noisy. Thankfully, we went somewhere else for dinner, and came here for drinks afterwards.  Centrally located in old town Chandler. Well, yes, and it was NOISY. I know that I shouldn't expect anything less from a bar, but just sayin...couldn't hear my friends talk.  So, my buddy and I order a coupla beers; I ordered a Belgian HOEGAARDEN, if only for the name!  My buddy's wife orders wine. After a solid minute or two of silence, she said that this was the absolute WORST WINE that she's ever tasted - like it was past its shelf life. We called the waitress over, who kind of implied that it was a box wine - enough said.   We stopped having fun, and left. Basically, if I was in town again, I wouldn't bother coming back.
It is a shame that I have to give an Irish pub one star, but after my last experience here I will never go back. I met a friend out one night for the typical laid back night of drinking which ultimately ended up turning into a long night of drinking and socializing. The only problem was that when we I got the bill there were tons of drinks on it that were not ours.   We had been sitting on the patio and anyone that we would talk with who randomly stopped by our table and ordered a drink, we would end up with the drink on our tab. We also had another friend stop by and get drinks and we actually watched him pay his tab, but there his drinks were at the end of the night. This service was horrible. The waitress wasn't willing to do anything about this to help us. Our bill ended up being nearly $300!!! Granted about 200 of it was ours between food and our drinks, but they were never able to explain the other drinks on our bill.   The next day I called the manager and he stated he would take a look at it and get back to me. He never did. I ended up eating the cost on this one and just chalking it up to a place that I'll never return to.   This happened a while back but since I am new to yelp, this experience was so terrible that I couldn't not give this place a review. I have to imagine that this has happened to several other people. I hope if you do make the poor decision to go to this place that you double and triple check your tabs.  There are so many better places to have a good time in Downtown Chandler stay away from this place.
Just alright. Used to be better. Wait staff nice but not really knowledgeable about the menu. Ok as a dive bar but don't count on great food or ambiance. I think they went downhill after they changed to the Irish republic format. Now they say they're Murphy's law again but still feels like a chain. No thanks. I'll go to san tan brewery instead.
They could make me sit in the bathroom and I'd still go there to eat the nachos.  I love the setup, you have a great view of all the TVs even if it's busy. I like the funnies they stream on one of the sets. Seats are all hardwood so I can barely make it through a game before it's aching. Is that so I'll leave sooner?   Fine assortments of brews and alcohol. Never have a hard time finding something I want to drink, it's the deciding that's difficult. The menu seems chain-like but it's surprisingly good. I mostly nosh on the apps but give all those 2 thumbs up.  It's a superb place to watch football, except on Thursday night when they let the live entertainment play while the game is still on. Maybe delay that during football season? If not for me, then think of the children.   I like this place but the service at the tables could be improved. It's not usually the servers themselves (although they might benefit from more training)  but that they are understaffed when it's busy. Hulo? It's busy, have more servers and bartenders and you'll get more of my business during non-busy times.   Cool stuff to look at all over the place!
You know that look you get from a waitress when you order something off of the menu that they think might be questionable? Well, I got that look tonight. I met my sister on the patio around 5:30. The patio is small but nice if it's not too busy. Stephanie was our waitress and she was very sweet, she had a great personality and I would definitely give her more like four out five stars but the food not so much. They do have a good happy hour on Monday and Tuesday nights from 2pm to 8pm so I will give them that. The app selection on the happy hour menu is quite slim however. We did decided to get the pretzels with cheese, the cheese is $2 extra which I honestly think is kind of ridiculous because pretzels and cheese should be a given. They were not bad, not great but honestly I could get a pretzel that is a million times better and much bigger a few feet down the way at a particular brewing co...  On to the entrees. My sister had asked before I had arrived what the waitress suggested off of the menu. She suggested the fish and chips hands down. I should have also heeded this advice but I was kind of craving a burger so I decided to take a chance and order one. I should have known right away that it would not be what I wanted when Stephanie told me that they did not have american cheese. I am an american cheese burger type of girl, cheddar just doesn't cut it for me. The look on our waitress's face when I ordered the burger was one of disdain. I know that she did not purposely mean to make the face but she did. I honestly wish she would have told me not to order it. It was not good, it was very bad in fact. Dry, tasteless, overcooked meat with a semi hard bun. I should have sent it back but I instead decided to suffer through half of it which is retrospect and a stomach ache later, was a bad idea. I did eat most of the sweet potato fries that came with the burger with the $2 cheese sauce that was left over from the pretzel. It didn't make up for the disappointing burger. My sister did enjoy her fish and chips and the tarter sauce did look good as well.  Overall I have come to the conclusion that this is a restaurant/pub that is very hit or miss when it comes to food. If you want to come here to drink and have an appetizer or two you might enjoy your visit more. If you come here to eat dinner, by all means do not get a burger and I would also suggest to avoid the sliders. Honestly, you can find a much better meal a few steps down the sidewalk. Most likely will not return. Stephanie, you did your best with the hand you were given.
Seemed like a great Irish Pub for the after work crowd. Nice outside eating/drinking area that was covered from the 105 degree heat. Very friendly and knowledgeable bar staff. I was planning on only have a couple of cold ones and an appetizer before I decided where to go for dinner. I had the Turkey Avacodo bites which were delicious. Fresh Avacado with Chilled Turkey on lttle crostini bread. Yum Yum. Their beer and liquor selection is the standard items.    I noticed the crowd picked up for an hour or so, and they made me want to stay a bit longer. Oddly enough, a band began warming up and it cleared out half the bar. The other half was watching a hockey game and could care less. So once everyone packed up...so did I.
So maybe our 1st mistake was trying this place out on Easter.  My fiance noticed in a paper they had an Easter brunch special with bottomless mimosa's and it was also my birthday so off we went.  My 23 year old daughter and her boyfriend joined us.  We sat inside and they did not seem that busy.  From the moment our server came over it was clear she did not want to be there.  She had a scowl on and was just not friendly at all.  I will say the nacho's are great and we all enjoyed them. My 2 stars is just for the nacho's. The brunch was just ok very average.  The mimosa's came very slow and our unfriendly server seemed irritated to even drop them off.  We were never asked if we wanted anything else before she dropped the bill off.  I just have to say I have never had a server completely ruin the experience for me but she did.  We all agreed she ruined it for us all.  towards the end she was giving off the GTFO vibe seriously.  It was so bad my daughter who is also a server almost asked her if she might be in the wrong industry.  I asked my fiance what our servers name was because I was going to include it but I don't think she told us and he said "miserable blond B...."  We love the downtown area but I am not sure we will try this place again.
Made the mistake of stopping in again for a beer today.  Pitifully slow service.  We almost left and I wish we had.    They now have paintings of nude women!!!! Even more family friendly!
It's such a shame that I have to give Murphy's only 1 star, because overall I like the place and wish that we had a better experience, but due to one employee, we will not be back... We stopped in today for lunch and my fiance ordered the chicken strips (which is the same thing he's ordered for the past 5 years that we've been going there), as usual he asked for extra dipping sauce (BBQ, Buffalo, and Jameson) instead of the ranch. Our server, who was actually very sweet, told us that she would have to charge us extra for the dipping sauce (which is bizarre because I've never heard of a restaurant charging for dipping sauce and we've never had an issue before). My finace proceeded to tell her that he's never been charged for it before and asked if she could double check on that.   Next thing we knew, Shae (the manager) "graced" us with her presence. I've never seen anyone be more rude to a customer... If only her delivery was slightly nicer I wouldn't be as offended as I am now... After arguing with her for several minutes she finally agreed to substitute the ranch for 2 dipping sauces, but no more than two. So my fiance settled for the BBQ & the Buffalo sauce.  When the order came out however, not only was he brought the ranch that he didn't want, he was also brought all 3 of the sauces he originally asked for. Which at first seemed like a great sign that maybe Shae had decided to change her attitude and settle on the fact that the happiness of her customers was more important than her urge to be rude and belligerent. But then we got the bill... Sure enough, Shae charged my fiance for each one of the dipping sauces.   When our server came back to collect the check, we asked her why we were charged after Shae had agreed to sub the ranch for 2 sauces. The poor girl got super uncomfortable, because unfortunately she was forced to play the middle man. So I told her that our issue was not with her, and to please bring Shae back to the table to sort this issue out.   When Shae approached she started mumbling under her breath and rolling her eyes, which is always a great sign that you're going to get the resolution you're seeking... So I pulled out my phone and started video taping the conversation in case she decided to pull the same type of attitude as she did the first time she graced our table. That seemed to get her to change her tone and she reluctantly removed the sauces from our bill.  It's a shame how one employee can completely ruin what could have been a wonderful experience. Owners - if you're reading this, please do yourselves a favor and find a new manager.
We almost passed up eating at this diamond in the ruff.  We were staying at the Marriott and one night it was late, we didn't feel like going out, so we were picking between the places there... we picked right!  This is a quiet little place tucked away down restaurant row at the Rampart Casino.  While unassuming from the outside and the setup, the food was great!  While I can't say that its the best pub food I've ever eat, its defiantly in my top 3. If you are looking for a decently priced simple place in Vegas with good food, then check it out.  While its probably not worth the drive from the strip just for the eats, its great if you want a change of pace.
Fish and chips typical irish fare, have some good bands that plays there as well great for happy hour and hang outs great staff as well. U2 tribute band Joshua tree usually plays out there.
Your typical Irish Pub, Wooloughan's is located inside the Rampart Casino/JC Marriott Hotel on the far west side of town at Summerlin Pkwy & Rampart.    We arrived about 8pm on a Friday evening and the place seemed fairly busy.  We waited at the door for a hostess to serve us, but after several minutes with no acknowledgement of our existence, we walked in and got the attention of a server, and she sat us in her station.  She was very friendly and seemed to be in good spirits.  It is always nice to have a server with a happy disposition!  We both started with a cup of their roasted corn chowder with bacon and it was thick, flavorful and very satisfying. For my entree, I went with their grilled vegetable salad and added grilled salmon to it for $3 which was a bargain, because it was a good-sized filet (about 6 oz).  Our server said the salad was really good, but I am going to have to say it was just good.  While the salmon was cooked perfectly, the vegetables were just OK. Some were rather bland and the lemon caper dressing was a little boring too. Salt and pepper helped, but couldn't make up for an uninspired salad.  And while the menu lists asparagus as the first ingredient, there were only 3 very skinny spears, which was a bit disappointing.  My date chose the shephard's pie, which was a bit of a let down too.  It tasted like canned chili with mashed potatoes on top. I've had shepard's pie before, and they usually have a beef stew flavor, not a beef chili flavor.  Oh well.  He ate all of it anyway.  Our dessert was actually quite good ... We shared the apple crisp and it was a generous serving of Granny Smith apples baked with cinnamon and sugar and topped with pastry crumbles and served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Very tasty and the apples were cooked just right.  Overall, it is an "A-OK" place and I would eat there again if I was in the area, but I don't think I would make a special trip for the food.
We've been going to Wooloughan's for more than five years, and discovered it even before we decided to move to Vegas.  We like the food a lot, especially the special burger, which has a lot of good seasoning.  DH really likes the Shepherd's Pie.  The best part of the food, though, are those fabulous potato croquettes, which you can get as a side instead of the usual fries that are served everywhere else.  If I could order a plate of those, I might consider killing the diet for them!  Our favorite attraction, though, is John Windsor, a British/Irish singer and guitar player, who's terrific.  He plays on Wednesday and Thursday nights, and does a lot of traditional and fun Irish numbers, as well as a lot of contemporary stuff.  He has a really nice voice and is a very accomplished guitarist.    My rave for Wooloughan's doesn't extend to the Rampart Casino.  It's close to where we live, so we were going there quite often for our low-roller gambling adventures.  But it took me too long to realize that the Casino does not value its loyal customers.  All those visits and never a single freebie or comp or anything.  Unfortunately, this has translated to many fewer visits to the Pub, since it now requires an AHAH moment to remind us that it's there, it's nearby, and that we haven't been there in a while.  Maybe tomorrow night!
This is another one of the better restaurants at the JW Marriott resort. They really pulled off the irish pub atmosphere and had a great traditional Irish menu. The staff were also very friendly and accommodating.  Unfortunately when I was there for lunch at 11:30, they were out of the dish that I wanted (a Guiness beef stew). I settled for the shepherds pie which was good, but not great. I would give it another shot if I am ever staying at this hotel again.
Pretty underwhelmed.  Service was pretty good and servers offered suggestions, prices are reasonable, however the food was a major let down to me.  I judge an irish restaurant by their corned beef and cabbage and this left much to be desired.  Corned Beef was dry, cabbage was a little undercooked, and I am used to the traditional mashed potatoes.  JC offers fried mashed potatoes and cabbage cooked with bacon.  While this experience wasnt horrible... I have had much much better.
This review is strictly about the food... J.C.'s is a nice pub and is a fun place to hang out with friends...That said, the menu has been pared down significantly.  They used to have an awesome thatch (sp?) salad and more Irish breakfast items.  For "bar food" they are fine BUT I wouldn't drive to J.C.'s for the food.  My husband had the fish & chips.  He said the batter was "gross". I had their chicken tenders which use to be awesome  (they weren't your ordinary tenders) but now they are sadly, ordinary indeed.  The "chips" were nothing to write home about either... My husband ordered the apple crisp desert to go.  He thought that was the best part of the meal.  Our server was very pleasant and confirmed that the menu had been reduced.    I still prefer J.C.'s to Three Angry Wives atmosphere wise but if Fado's were still open, there would be no contest.
A good stop on the St Pattys Day pub crawl.
I went there for their st. patrick's day kickoff, and it was terrible. I didnt eat the food, but I ordered a smithwicks and guinness black and tan. The bar tender sank the guinness, and left a head that filled half the glass... then tried to serve it to me. When I sent it back she made an excuse about the guinness coming from a new keg and she couldnt make me another one. Then when I complained again, she went to the back to talk to the person in charge. Out walks some Italian guido who tells me that this is how guinness is SUPPOSED to be poured. Being an alchy, ive probably had a pint at 200 different pubs between the UK and US, and i've never seen incompetence like this. How do you own an Irish pub if you cant even pour a proper pint? Never again will I enter this cheap excuse for an irish pub knockoff.
This is my favorite Irish pub in town.  It has a very authentic feel for being attached to a casino, (probably due in no small part to the fact that the interior was reassembled from a true Irish pub deconstructed and shipped here,) and it doesn't try to be more than what it is - a pub.  No gimmicks.  The service is good and the appetizers are in my opinion better than the entrees, (as it should be for a pub.)  Try the sausage bites or the fries with white gravy.  Depending on when you're there, the atmosphere can get lively, too.  Lots of locals.  For the person looking for an honest pub, this is your spot.
This pub is buried deep inside the Marriott in Summerlin, so park your ride in the back of the hotel and you can walk right into the restaurant area without breathing in the exciting smells of a Las Vegas casino floor.  Quaint decor, dark wood  dart boards, it's what you would expect in a reproduction Irish pub. It's fine.  Seat yourself in a booth or table, your choice. We were served by Monika, a delightful server who made us and our angelic boys extremely welcome.   Food; it's ok, the menu is not large but has the staples expected in an Irish pub. Bangers, Pies, Fish & Chips. I had a steak, nicely cooked with mushrooms and onions and a side of mash. Wifee had sausage rolls which she raved over. Kids had chicken tender/finger/nugget things. What else?   Guinness was cold, there were a table of noisy New Yorkers adjacent who kept us amused. Great night, we will return.
I'm going to assume our poor waitress has experience with people walking out without paying because during both times I was there she brought up the question: "so who's paying for all this" to our group.  A little odd to me, you don't usually get asked that in a restaurant.  The service was quite slow, notably when it's not busy.  The bar is in a resort though, outside a Casino, so maybe I just don't understand their clientele and norms there.  The beer still tasted great.  I can't see you spending much time here though, unless you're grabbing a beer after a long conference or meeting...I'd rather head to the strip for more selection and location.
I came in here looking for something other than a typical Las Vegas buffet and found J.C. Wooloughan. It is a quaint Irish pub that serves great food!   My husband and I found this cozy nook to sit in that had it's own television. It's nice having privacy after a long day at work! The inside is practically all dark wood . It looked so warm and inviting It made me feel like I was stepping in from the blistering cold into a warm cozy pub. We all know it was like 109 degrees outside though!   The waiter stopped by to get our drink order. I asked for Mountain Dew he gave me Sprite. My husband said they might have not had Mountain Dew and just replaced it with something equal . In my book nothing is equal to the Dew! I found out later while we were paying our bill that they do have Mountain Dew! It's okay though the waiter was tending bar too so it was an honest mistake.   The appetizers looked yummy so I ordered those instead of a full meal. I started with the Potato Croquettes which were like fried mashed potatoes . They served them with Ranch sauce and their home made mustard. The mustard was really good!   I had the Pretzel which was okay it was like the ones you get at the movie theater. They served it with what tasted like a beer cheese sauce. I found myself dipping more into the mustard then the cheese sauce. The sauce tasted too bland for me.   We ended the meal with Sticky Toffee Pudding . It was plum cake drizzled with warm butter toffee and served with candied walnuts and Devon cream. It was delicious!   I would want to come back and try their other offerings on the menu like their Steak Tips or their Corned Beef and Cabbage. I'm always up for something new!
Stopped in for lunch and grabbed a quick bite.  Not terribly busy on this Saturday afternoon.  Wife got some kind of soup and sandwich which looked good.  I got the sliders.  Kind of expected them to come with cheese, but this was more my fault since it did not say anything about cheese on the menu.  I guess it was wishful thinking on my part.  The sliders were ok, but inundated with carmelized onions.  Probably a lot of folks would like these, guess it just did not hit my palate the right way.    If you are staying at JW Marriott or in the Casino, then this is an ok choice, but not thrilling.  Guess I mean to say, "good enough".
Nothing terribly special about this pub though it was pushed heavily by the hotel staff as the place to hit when there.    I had the vegetable beef soup and a hot turkey sandwich which came on Texas toast. The soup was tasty but the sandwich was kind of meh. My husband had sliders which werent cheesed. Some places cheese the sliders, some don't. I think that those that don't should ask if you want it cheesed. Just your basic courtesy. ;)  Considering we were the only people in the restaurant who were eating anything, I was surprised at how slow the service was. The other 3 patrons were all drinking beer and watching the game so it was very low maintenance. Our server was nice enough though and kept my drink full.  So while some people get their panties in a bunch over 3 stars, for me, 3 stars just means that it was an average place doing average stuff. Nothing special, nothing bad...just average. And JC wooloughan's Irish Pub was average at best.
One of my all-time favorite pubs.  Great design and atmosphere.  I like that it's in a casino.  Food is great.. bangers & mash my favorite.  I wish they hadn't gotten rid of the potato croquets though.  Those were the best.  They also have Franziskaner!!  Beer prices good... great during happy hour (wish i remembered the hours).
I'm a sucker for a good Irish pub. Probably because of all the Irish, freckled, fair-haired, fish and chips eating, Guinness drinking blood in my veins. And J C Wooloughan's provides just what I need!  The decor is very nice...I'm a fan of authentic Irish bars that are shipped over from the Emerald Isle and reconstructed here. They have bands that play a few nights of the week.   Unlike some of the sloppy bars, they pour a proper Guinness here. And for beer mixes, I advise passing on the Black & Tan and instead head for the Black & Black...Guinness with a squirt of black currant juice. If you've never had it, try it! It changes the taste and complexity of the drink tremendously! If you're a Blue Moon fan, go for the Black & Blue, or Eclipse as it's sometimes called which is Guinness over Blue Moon.  The happy hour is great! It's daily from 3-6 and 10:30-close. It includes 50% drafts, including the great beer mixes, and an appetizer special that changes daily. With the HH discount it makes the drafts something like $3 each, which is a fucking bargain in my book!  I haven't eaten much here yet. The pretzels are tasty. The fish and chips were really good, nice big pieces of fish cooked perfectly! And the beef stew was very enjoyable as well.  So even though it's a little ways away from my house, I'll continue to make the drive up here for the tasty grub and the awesome happy hour draft deals.
Our retreat from the walkers and blue-hairs that surrounded us in the Casino.  We had no idea that we would be the only people between the ages of 21 and 60 in the hotel/casino.  We had an absolute blast here! They do have live music and the band was great.  We ordered some bar food - potato skins and chicken fingers - and they were just a greasy and delicious as I hoped.    And to my surprise, they make awesome cocktails.  The best sidecar I have had to date! I was glad we found this place, it definitely made our night.
It has become a tradition for my hockey family party every St Patty Day here at the Irish Pub. I know there are lot of others Irish Pubs or lets be honest any Irish Pub on St Patty Day is going be great time! I just review the things I like about this particular Irish Pub. Its located in the Rampart Casino first of all so if you feel like getting some gambling in same time that always plus or minus. They have beer garden set up right in the courtyard area right outside the Pub with stage and have band (usually U2 cover band) plays that night. Unfortunately you could not have asked worst weather so this year they shut it down all night. =(    Restaurant inside or the bar area not that big so once it gets packed. Crazy. They have lot of different beers on tap and even have table personnel tap pour Guinness (think couple other options; charge by the amount) fresh. Lot of widescreen tv around the restaurant keep you update with sports. Think most nights sure on weekend they have live band plays in the Pub. I like the food although mainly go here too drink. I had the reuben sandwich. Enjoy.
Good food, good live music, good service & good prices. Try the hot dog with your beer, you wont be disappointed.
I've been here a handful of times.  If you are in the Rampart then by all means you should stop in for typical Irish grub and Irish beer...If I am heading out with an Irish pub in mind however, I am not coming here.
First time at this pub. Its inside the JW Marriot back in the shop and restaurant area. But you pretty much go thru casino to get there unless u know back entrance. Don't try it.  Parking kinda sucks. So do all you can while inside the resort. Authentic Irish pub feel and decor.   Bar was busy but alot of seating and barstools so no problem. Tv's going with sports and emphasis on soccer but when not on all games open. Bartender was friendly and poured a couple different beers for to try. I always ask the barkeep to recommend a local or favorite to try something new. Sometimes you find a gem.  They had food but I was just taking a drink break. From what I saw it looked ok but wasn't feeling the food.  Good happy hour deals.   Overall experience I liked the vibe, the feel was good and priced right. Will repeat.
Great corned beef sandwich with cole slaw.  I would eat here the next time I stay at the Marriott.  This meal was surprisingly tasty and a good value for the costs.  Was kinda quiet and empty so 3 stars instead of 4 but it was 4 star food.
Still looks like a cool pub but the management has a knack of ruining the menu.  First, the took out the potato croquets... probably their most popular appetizer type item, they've switched up their bangers and mash with new bangers that aren't as good, they don't have soda bread anymore and now they got rid of the Franziskaner Hefe which is my favorite so I'm back to going to YardHouse to get it.  I used to like to come by here, place a few bets on a mon. night football game and watch the game to some Franz and irish food... but now I'm going to find somewhere else to hang out.
Worst onion soup I had (and it was part of a special), bad service, we never got the dessert (also included in our menu), the ribeye steak was very tough and the mixed vegetable consisted of a spoonful of peas with two thin slices of carrots. We aren't going back there for sure.
Good beer place.  Had soup and it was fine, not home made for sure but ok. The bartender was efficient but not friendly.
Man, I just don't like this place.  I've tried it 3 times now, and every time I leave disappointed.  The food isn't great.  It's an Irish bar, but their Shepherd's pie is bland!  That should be one of their specialties!  Tonight, I had a teriyaki chicken sandwich.  The chicken patty was one of those frozen ones that have the fake grill marks on it and the teriyaki sauce was so salty, I had to scrape it off.  And the drinks aren't that great a price, either.  My glass of house wine was $8!!!!  Also, the service just isn't there.  We waited at least 10 minutes for a waitress to come by, then heard the couple next to us ask for their check.  This is how that conversation went: "Hey, we haven't seen our waitress in a long time and need our check." "OK, what's her name?" "Ummm, I don't know." "Well, if you don't know her name, I can't get her." (umm, wtf?) "We just want our check." "I can't access other people's checks." "Can you just get a manager to give us our check?"  ...and the waitress walked away.  They were just left there, hopelessly waiting for their waitress to come back.  Just go somewhere else.
Great food. Very slow service.
The decor is nice, like an Irish bar.  I had the cuban sandwich and it was good.   Nothing to blow my mind ,but i finished it along with the crunchy fries.  Good in a pinch, but I would not go out of my way to really come here.
I'm struggling to find something redeeming about JC Wooloughans.  The bartenders were oblivious and when we did place our order it took 15+ minutes whether it was beer or a glass of water - while sitting at the bar.  We asked for menus, which took a while to get too.  So, when we attempted to place our order the bartender told us the kitchen just closed 5 mins ago.  Seriously, wouldn't that have been important info to share when we asked for menus?
Service was decent--we were in a hurry and were hungry, and the food came out fairly quickly. Our waitress was on it with refilling our water. Chicken tenders were hot and tasty, minestrone was hot and okay, salmon was cooked well and tasty.
Good atmosphere, decent selection of beers. The bangers and mash was spot on. My go to place to relax, have a beer and a bit of food. If your in a hurry this probably isn't the place for you.
The first time we ate here, it wasn't bad.  Tonight, however, I couldn't eat my food.  I ordered a corned beef sandwich, which came on rye with jack cheese.  I also ordered a small green dinner salad.  I was disappointed that the salad seemed to have only the "leftover" type lettuce found in the inside of iceberg lettuce, near the core.  Worse was the corned beef.  It had no flavor and definitely was not salty like it should be.  I told the waiter that the meat tasted like it had been sitting in water for 2 weeks.  He did not apologize, but said he would tell the "chef".  No one came to apologize and nothing was taken off the bill.  The sandwich was so bad, I only ate about 1/3 of it and left the rest.  Service was pretty slow.
This was our time there. We walk in not knowing what to expect. First, we were looking for a hostess counter or somebody to seat us. Did not see one nor any signs that said " Seat yourself". So, I immediately turn to you a lady that had dirty dishes in her hands and asked her, "Do we seat ourselves".....her response was " If you can find one".......rather rude. We then ventured in and found a table. After waiting about ten minutes, mind you there were no silverware or napkins on the table, the waitress appears and takes our drink order. That went well. She then takes our order which included an appetizer. Shortly, a server comes with our appetizer, potato skins, but no small plates for the appetizer, AND our meal??!! She asks, " Did you want the potato skins as an appetizer"? Of course, a little puzzled, we responded "Yes". The server says, " I'll keep your meal warm for you".....huh...what? After the appetizer, we are served our "warmed up" meal, which was, not surprisingly.....dried out from the heat lamp. Subsequently, probably won't return.
This a cool place to hang out and have a beer. They have excellent fish & chips. It is inside the Rampart Casino. I like to go here in Sundays after I put a few bets in at the sports book on some NFL games. I would recommend you try this place if you like fish & chips.
Surprisingly good food!! Not usually a fan of Irish food, but I'd go back to this pub. We had the steak tips, shepherds pie, & beef/ Guinness pie. All good.
I arrived at about 6pm for dinner at the bar for myself.  It took about 10 minutes before someone came over to take my order even though it was not busy.  I ordered a beer (great selection) and the Angus Burger.  The beer was delivered promptly.  After 30 minutes, my burger and fries arrive.  I ordered the burger Medium and it came out quite well done and very dried out.  I was offered ketchup or a side of mayo to "help". The obvious question you just asked is, "Why didn't you send it back?"  A) I didn't want to wait another 30 minutes for a burger and B) by then a large group had arrived and the wait staff was in a frenzy. The fries were crisp, not greasy and not over salted. Very good.  Needless to say, I finished I the beer and fries, not so much the burger. Lower rating also due to the waitress showed no interest in being proactive with the food and was solely focused on boosting the drink orders. I even had to ask for the  check after sitting there for 10 minutes with my plate covered with my napkin.
Our group of 4 got yelled at by the tall male bartender because we moved from the bar to a table. He was yelling something about "bar etiquette". I wonder if it is proper "bar etiquette" to yell at customers like that and cause a scene. Table service was excellent, thank you Zana. Happy Hour beer prices are awesome, hard to beat $2.50 for a pint. They also have 4 food items for $5 during Happy Hour so we got good value for our money.   Overall, we had a good time; guess the lesson learned is to stay in one place when the tall male bartender is working, ha ha!
I judge a bar/restaurant by the drinks and food.  Happy Hour has great beer prices, but wine is $8.00 a glass and it's cheap wine.  My husband and I went there today because we wanted Corn Beef and Cabbage.  All I can say is that an Irish Pub should have good Corn Beef and it wasn't.  It was like think sliced processed lunch meat.  with a cream gravy on top, yuk.  They can afford to stock better wine for $8.00 a glass. and put a roast in the oven people.
Worst place on the west side.  Bartenders don't know how to keep track of anything.  Charged me the same amount twice on separate debit cards.  Won't be returning
I went to this place when it first opened and many times thereafter. I also enjoyed some of the best Irish food to be had in Vegas at Wooloughan.  I went back a few days ago and what a surprise, remember this is supposed to be an Irish Pub, but it was and is no longer such a place. The new place has the same decor but that is where it stops,       The menu had a total of 5 Irish dishes on it. The rest were plain bar food, hot dogs,hamburgers, and stuff like that. I ordered potato soup leek soup and got a thin soup with TexasToast !. Asked for soda bread and was told they don't serve that any more.  I ordered corned beef and cabbage and got chopped cabbage,fried in bacon grease and sliced deli corned beef that was over cooked. It WAS AWFUL.       If you want Irish food, DO NOT GO HERE.
The same tall male bartender that others have complained about, is the same guy who charged me twice.  He scolded me and said I hadn't paid my tab when I knew I already had.  My phone was already dead so I had no way to show him I had already been charged.  I had a few drinks in me so I figured I could've been mistaken at the time so I gave him a different debit card for him to charge and noticed the following day the exact same charge on both debit cards.  That bartender is a joke.  Surprised they keep this guy around
Plain... We ordered the buffalo sliders and beef soup.  The soup was salty and the sliders were just buffalo wings n a biscuit :/
The sign in the front says that everyone needs to learn to drink somewhere. It's funny because it's true!  Biddy's was the first bar I was taken to in Scotland. They have live music some nights and decently priced beer. They also have food.  I went there on my birthday also. The friend I was visiting had to get up early the next day, so she left me with two guys I'd never met before. I had a great time with them. One of them met me at my hostel the next morning, and in return for a meal at Biddy's, he showed me around Edinburgh while my friend was in class.  I ate haggis. It didn't kill me. I wouldn't eat it again, but more because it was boring than because it was "icky". It tastes like bround lamb with indian spices and oatmeal. So, imagine oatmeal... OK now brown some ground lamb meat... OK now put some cumin, coriander, and cayenne pepper in the meat... OK now mix it with the oatmeal!!! HAGGIS! Euan had Nachos, which he pronounced funny because he has an accent. Kind of like he's about to say "natural" but then says nachos instead.  And and and... you can buy condoms and vibrators and inflatable sheep in the bathroom. Who doesn't want and/or need an inflatable sheep?
I haven't been to many pubs, so I don't feel like I can give this a full 5. But, came here last week based on the recommendation of a friend who studied abroad a year ago.  Went up to order my fajitas and a burger and the bartender asked if we were students, I said I am... and he asked to see my student ID and BAM! 2-for-1 deal on our meals! so we got our food for 7.50 pounds! what?! hahaha i love unexpected deals. that alone bumped their rating to a 3,  but the extra star comes from how good the food was for the value! They give such a big portion of fajitas and only 4 torillas?! hahaha sad. you can ask for extra though i suppose... but really, fajitas were yummy! the burger was ok. their meat tastes different compared to meat here in the US, but it's a good thing according to my friends who ate it.  I must mention that we came here on a Wednesday at 2pm, so it wasn't crowded at all.  The place was clean and staff polite! If I was in Edinburgh, I'd definitely come back here!!! Love it!
I wasn't sure if I should give this place three or four stars... four stars on week nights but more like 2 stars on weekends... I think I'll stick with four because everwhere sucks on weekends and it's not Biddy's fault!  I used to be obsessed with this place.  Ok "obsessed" might be a little strong but what I mean is that I lived 5 minutes away, the beer was really cheap (student recommends deals ... which, by the way stop at 11pm and the staff never said a word when we each bought 3 pints at 10:55... sometimes they'd just give us the deal even if it was after 11.  That's what I call love), and there's live music on nearly every night of the week.  My friends and I started coming here regularly when we developed a somewhat overly-extreme crush on the guy who plays there Tuesday nights (Matt).  Then one night Matt switched with his brother Andy (who plays Mondays) and the love bloomed.  Basically Matt and Andy are awesome musicians and Biddy's is a fantastic place for hosting their talent.  Other than the music, I have to admit the food here is pretty damn good too.  Ok so I've only had the steak and ale pie and the fajitas but OMG the fajitas are amazing and I want one right now.  My friend Mel and I used to go there for dinner whenever we were hungover.. mmmmm.  The food's got a student deal too so it's 2 for 1.    Biddy's is, however, extremely shitty on the weekends because it's in the Grassmarket near the Cow Gate and it is therefore full of loud drunken twats from about 6pm onwards Friday and Saturday nights.  This is extremely unfortunate, but it's week-day coolness makes up for that.
my father and i ate here on our recent visit and we loved it!  the people were very friendly, the food was a great for the price you paid! in the US their meals would have cost us twice as much!  you must have their Sticky Toffee PUdding! this was the first time we had ever heard of it and it was to DIE for!  the sign outside was hilarious! especially since i am 18 and a US resident!
this is a grassmarket pub, which means it's absolutely balls-to-the-wall heaving on weekends but otherwise a rather nice spot to have a pint and watch the sports any other time. watched my first hurling match ever here, live via satellite from ireland.
Slap bang in the centre of the Grassmarket, if you're heading out for drinks in this neck of the woods then you should definitely stop in here for a few, whether afternoon or evening.  For starters, if you're a student then you can bag yourself a Student Recommended card which gets you drinks from as cheap as 1.50. More importantly, they're drinks you'd actually choose to buy and not just because they're cheap as is usually the way in bars with promos - Magners is only 2.50 and a glass of wine is only 2.25, whilst you can get yourself a Vodka + Mixer for as little as 1.75. What's more, with the outdoor seating area you can take full advantage of the few rare sunny Edinburgh days by enjoying your drinks al fresco.  Lots of people criticise this place, and the majority of the pubs in the Grassmarket along with it, for always being full of stag/hen parties getting rowdier and more annoying by the minute. Yes, it's true that a lot of these groups come here, but this place is more than big enough that you can always find a table out of range of their drinking games. In fact, in my opinion it makes for a much better atmosphere in the place when there are always people up for a good time.   That said, when the beers go to your head then I'd definitely recommend taking advantage of the Soup & Sandwich combo for 4... from personal experience I can say that the fresh crusty bread, heaps of fillings and home-made tangy tomato soup will sort you right out for another few hours of pub-going.  Aside from the tourists, if you're into your sports then this is definitely your place. As far as girls go, I love watching the football in the pub with a few drinks and this place has so many screens up and so many different Sky Sports channels that they're bound to be able to accomodate your requests.
I had heard from a friend who worked in Biddy Mulligans that this place got rather rowdy with stag/hen parties over the weekend, and had frankly avoided it like the plauge. However, having been persuaded to go along to Biddy Mulligans for a swift few pints under the promise it wouldnt be as bad as my friend had described, I must admit I have come to like this pub.  Yes, there was the obligatory Stag party - but truth be told, they wernt out of control, and rather added to the atmosphere of a lively and well enjoyed pub.  The drinks were cheap, but after the third round and finding out we could get a student discount card thingy - drinks became even cheaper. HAving been there for a little while, a live band set up who were rather good - if a bit hard to here over the general hubbb of Biddy's.  Food is also available, and is pretty good if standard pub fair and the staff are frindly.  Over all, I have taken a shine to this place, even if i do have to put up with stag/hen parties.
I used to frequent Biddy Mulligans quite often, and my boyfriend and I had a few dates here. Well not so much dates, just getting drunk with each other to ease nerves. But it was always pretty good.  I think the appeal was the SR card which gives you cheaper drinks. Compared to the other bars that accept the SR card, I prefer Biddys. It attracts a good crowd. Granted it can get very busy with stag do's or Irish people watching the Rugby, but it doesn't ever get too over the top and maintains a good atmosphere.   During the week there is live music. It can be hit or miss, if it's good it adds to the atmosphere. Just a good, fun bar which is reasonably cheap.
This bar fits in nicely in the Grassmarket - it's a hot spot for stag and hen parties and is always crammed with various pub golf pub crawls, fancy dress nights out etc etc. The prices are really good and you can quite happily spend the whole day/whole night here without breaking the bank.  It's really nice to sit outside here in the summer with a cider and watch the world go by. When it's busy, it's not the best place to be because you're constantly fighting to get anywhere, but it's got a good atmosphere.
Another of a plethora of pubs scattered in the Grassmarket area of Edinburgh. Rather than housing any special attractions, Biddy Mulligans seem to just nail the basics. Indeed (as many other reviews have stated) the bonus with this pub is the discounts available with an Student Recommended card (SR Card).  With this handy piece of plastic you can bag a number of cheap drinks. Although you'll get nothing special (no ales on tap here). Nonetheless, everyone likes cheap cider, right? The central oval bar and rickety character add to the pubs charm too.
The Irish are a bit like the Scots, except unlike the Scots who tend to wallow in their status as Europe's lowlifes, they do quite a good job of tricking foreigners into thinking they're nice, genuine, fun-loving people.  They're not of course, and deep down they're just as hostile and embittered as the rest of us, but you wouldn't think it from the constant fiddle music, pints of guinness, and undercurrent of religious hatred that combines to give Biddy's it's unique atmosphere.  Avoid at weekends or on St Patrick's day, it's a living hell.
Biddy Mulligans is a decent bar which has a friendly atmosphere and great service.  It offers the standard drinks with a good range of beers, ciders, wines and spirits.   All the drinks are pretty well priced with most pints costing less than 3.  Further, the decor is stylish and makes you feel at home right away with adequately comfortable seating and lots of tables to chill out at. It attracts a good range of customers, from locals to students who all seem friendly and chilled out.  If you're in the area and after a relaxing drink with friends, this is the place.
Fun place to have a pub meal, a few beers, and a few laughs =) Minding the obnoxiously drunk Scottish men spraying and not saying the news on my arm. Other than that, chill place for an early evening meal before heading out to other festivities. Very friendly waitstaff.
Biddy's is very hit or miss, seemingly depending on how drunk you are.  As a pre drinking venue, it is good. Plenty of space for larger groups, and the drinks prices are very reasonable considering it is on the Grassmarket. It supports the Student Recommended Card which is handed out to Edinburgh students during Freshers Week or available at the bar upon flashing your student card. This offers students great deals such as vodka and mixer for 1.95.   However (this is where I disagree with some of the other reviews), this place is not suited at all for a quiet drink.  The interior is minimalistic and dull, and as result there is next to no character inside this pub.  The music played is just loud enough to make conversation a chore.  Also if you go during busy times such as Friday and Saturday nights, you will be subjected to very drunk people stumbling into one another, fights and bucket loads of sleazy men trying to hit on young females.   Overall, great as a quick stop off and meeting point before heading to one of the nearby clubs on a night out, but if it's a quiet few drinks you're after, you'd be much better off heading to one of the other pubs on Grassmarket such as Last Drop or White Hart Inn.
Being a tourist from the States, I freaking' loved this place!  It was really festive and crazy - just what I'd imagine an Irish pub to be like.  There was a huge bachelor party at the time with a bunch of guys from Liverpool.  The owner of the bar gave us a couple free drinks, and a bunch of the guys ended up buying for us as well.  It was awesome!  The drinks were very decently priced too.  I wish there was one like this in the States...
I'll admit - Biddy Mulligan's would have been my archetypal stop about ten years ago, back when my liver was healthier and I had more interest in drinking and smoking than in much else. Now, sitting in the corner with the boy and a bunch of hammered university students, I can see the attraction... it's a great student pub. But if you're middle aged, sagging, and like drinking more for the taste than a pleasure akin to being on a ship in a storm, then bugger than, plenty of other opportunities. As for cheap, our two drinks came to a hefty 8 quid (with warm Magners at that...) - if that's cheap, then I'm glad I was a student in the 90's, and not the naughties or later.
If you're looking for good food in Grassmarket, you're crazy - it's Edinburgh's answer to Trafalgar Square. Just bad food all round. If that doesn't put you off, here's a review to do the job;  Typical dark cliche Irish pub tourist trap. More fool us for walking in (out of desperation and hunger and rain). The girl at the bar told us to sit at the back (in the pitch black) and someone would bring us menus. After 20 minutes of waiting - and having had the tables sprayed and wiped all around us, inhaling cleaning products, urgh - still no menus, waitress, attention or anything. So we left. The other 3 couples who came in and started waiting are probably still there... waiting for a menu. All the best gang, hope you packed a lunch!
This is always the first and last place I drink at in Edi. I don't know why. I just seem to land and leave here, but that is more than ok.   The last time I was there was my favorite time, mainly due to the company, a good friend I was drinking with and the lovely, and by lovely I mean the "oh my god I want to have his beautiful Norse god babies" Norwegian guy I met. We talked about golf and shared a cigarette and then went our separate ways. However, it is a memory which will last a life time.
Apparently this bar is a local favourite.  We stopped in here more than 4 times in 2 weeks, which is less than our travelling companions.    I was introduced to strawberry lime ciders here by recommendation.  I'm glad I tried it.  It's delish.  The staff is friendly.  There is also live music.  I didn't have a chance to try the food here.  But the drink selection was good.  The Joker beer is not...
The beers are great, the service is good, the food is Delicious and the music selection is VERY good!(granted its 6:30pm on a Tuesday and we're listening to an iPod) I give it 2 very enthusiastic thumbs up! Had the club sandwich with a side salad and Magners cider, yum!! Definitely worth a trip for a great low key pub. :)
I visited Biddy's quite frequently in my first year of uni and had some great nights out there. There's always a good atmosphere, and the crowd is good banter. In the last few years I've barely been in, but I was in again quite recently, and they've done it up a bit. Well it's hard to tell exactly what they've done when it's rammed with people but the toilets have changed. The womens are now where the mens used to be and the mens have moved...elsewhere! One of the doors seemed to be missing off one of the loos in the ladies, but this didn't stop anyone using them...with the help of an obviously good friend standing in front of them! There does seem to be more seating which I guess is a good thing. It's still pretty dark in there though!
Great pub - good food.
All right...dragged the kids in.  The son thinks the wings are comparable to New Yorker...hubbie now thinks they are better than the New Yorker.  The hot wings have to be a big bonus for my guys since they like things HOT.  Medium does it for me.  Hubbie commented he doesn't feel as full after Vine wings, so maybe something they do w/ their prep causes less bloat????  Daughter liked her chicken salad.  It definitely beats any salad the New Yorker will serve you.  I think we have a new go-to place when the guys are hankering for wings.  So we made it 2 weeks in a row and I am wanting wings again tonight.  Maybe 3 weeks?????  So Woohoo for the wings!
I have not been at the Vine for years.  I have frequented the original by the ASU campus...but we will not go into how many years ago.  A woman is allowed to keep her age a mystery.  We met up with friends we had not seen in a while who frequent the Vine for the wings and fries.  So my review is for wings and fries...big favorites in our household and worthy of rating a restaurant since it is probably the only thing we get at said restaurant (i.e., Native New Yorker).   So if you go to the Vine on my recommendation and order something other than wings you've been warned.  However, Iowans rarely screw up food, so you can probably deviate from our normal palate selection and get a burger and be happy.  Next time I go I do have to try the breaded pork tenderlion sandwich to see if it transports me back to my days in Des Moines.   I like the Vine wings better than New Yorkers.  Crispy, decent amount of meat, but not too much.  Wings that are too big tend to be more mushy in the mouth and loaded with fat.  The New Yorker will sometimes serve wings so small I start wondering if they are mutant and have been bio-engineered.  The hot wings at the Vine are hotter than the New Yorkers.  I ate a few hot wings, then switched to a medium just to cool down.  They have Stella on tap, the fries were excellent.  When we are hankering for wings, we will definitely go back.
Went here with friends last night and the wings were among the best I have tried in Phoenix area. Burgers were excellent, MUCH better than any of the fast food places. Service was very good also. Hope to be back again soon!
I have three words for you -- pork... tenderloin... sandwich. That is why I'm giving the Vine four stars. You often can't find these delicious treats in Phoenix -- it's an Iowa thing -- which I find surprising, since so many people from Iowa live here. I'm a native of Arizona, but my roots are deeply entrenched in the corn fields of Iowa. My parents are from there, and they brought with them a love of the pork tenderloin. So, when they heard about The Vine, and their offering of a pork tenderloin sandwich, they woohoo'd their way to the nearest Vine (which at that time was on Indian School & 28th St -- now called McKenna's). And ever since, the whole family have been fans!    I have dared, on occasion, to forgo the p.t. sandwich and try something different, and I have never been disappointed. They have your typical sports bar/pub food, which is decent, but I must say their french fries are fantastic -- thin, shoestring fries, that are crispy with just the right amount of salt.  And, to go back to the p.t. sandwich, I'll say that it isn't totally a typical Iowa pork tenderloin. Its breading is a little spicy, and they include a side of chipotle mayonnaise, both of which adds a nice kick. I guess they decided to add a bit of Southwest flavor to a Midwestern standard. No complaints here!  So, if you're ever in the mood for a sandwich that reminds you of your Midwestern roots, or you're just in the mood for some great food, visit the Vine, and you'll wonder, "Is this heaven? No, it's Iowa."
This place has the best wings I've ever had. I am always happy when I come here. I order the wings crispy and they are never soggy like most places...I also like the buffalo chicken quesadillas.
Been here a few times - my friend Mark comes so much he practically owns the place.  Staff does a good job,  nice sports atmosphere,  enjoyable hangout -excellent wings. Had a midori  sour, tasted either watered down or a little light on the alcohol.
Woohoo! As good as it gets! For what it is.  Now I had fun here. Great staff, The food was good bar food. Its not a 5 star restaurant and the food doesn't require preparation and planning by some Le Cordon Bleu trained chef. But its bar food and its bar food done right! I had a great time with friends here last night. We split some wings, a pizza and appetizer sampler. Everything came rather quickly and was very good. And cheap! Our waiter was great. Very funny and friendly. I was also very appreciative to our waiter for brewing me a fresh pot of coffee. Now we picked this location over the other one because this one never has a cover charge and as it was further away from ASU, we figured (correctly) that it would be perfect for a laid back night out.  Apparently I am getting too old to stay out as late as we did...
Still great wings and a great staff.
This bar is straight up awesome. I've been coming here (exclusively nights) for the past two years, and it's always a good time. The drink specials are great almost any day of the week, bar food is good (best wings around, get them on Tuesdays for $2 off), and the service staff is full of funny and professional people. This location is also by far better than the one by campus; it's populated by tons of cool regulars rather than unruly college students. Come by tonight!
Update:   They now have Coors and Miller Lite on draft.  Yay!  They're a real bar again.  I don't know the drama, but apparently the management has been "let go" and the owner is now managing the place.
The staff makes this place great.  The ownership takes away.  I've been coming to this location for years, living very close by.  They updated the TVs and sound system about a year ago, which really made it a great place to watch a game.  The prices are good, and they have good specials.  The wings are the best you can find in Arizona.  They have a business dispute with a beer distributor that prevents them from having Coors and Miller products on draft, which I think is absurd.  I always sit at the bar, and can always have a pleasant conversation with people at the bar.  The bartenders are the best.
Transports me back to my college days in Iowa City on stein nights and wing nights-I think the were either 25 or 50 cents back then. Frequented the downtown Iowa City location on too many occasions to count! They have the best wings I have ever tasted-well at least the best flavor, I always get the maple honey hot. I was so excited to find out when I moved to Arizona there was not one, but 2 vines here. They would get 5 stars, but same goes at this location as in both Iowa City locations, the service can be at times horrendous. Ok, the Coralville one is the one that takes the cake on horrible service!  But, the still have great wings, great beer, and it's always a good time :)
Local dive bar which I will give 3 stars -- pretty chill and quiet for my taste.  Every now and then I'll take a stroll along the neighborhood and bump into a unicorn and ask for a wish.  She might grant me 1, the cost of a shot of stuff unknown.  Though I can't complain since it was a tad bit fruity and tasty -- yum skittles!  Our server was cheerful and fun recommendations many she had, more shots? please yes; it's my friends B-day I add.  Well drinks and beer, the more the merrier!  A picture? Sure so fuzzy it came out, but the same for my sight after the night and I was out - Enjoy!
LIke the other raters said: you gotta know what it is: what it is is a dive bar that caters to the college kids. Once you know this genre then it needs to be rated on par with other college dive bars.  The beer: cold and cheap. 5 stars. Lots of beer selections on tap. $1 PBR. I'm all over that! Food: 3 stars. I ate it, thats all I can say. Had a burger and it was very average. I'll save the details about the smelly lettuce and tomato. I could do fine without eating here again. As a matter of fact, there is a Wendy's that shares the parking lot with The Vine. Go there and eat and then get a beer at The Vine. My daughter had the wings (of course being dad, I had to try them). Being a wing expert I would say 4 stars on that: Better than average but not quite outstanding.  The service. 3 stars. It is what it is. Average and cheap.  The place could be so much better with a really good kitchen. The menu should be rethought a little. A better menu and food and you will have a standing room only business.  Think of a place like the chuckwagon except they serve alcohol.
Walked in and noticed a sign with alcohol specials. Said bloody Marys were 3.50 but when I ordered one was told that was only for weekends. So ordered one anyway, tasted like it was straight tomato juice with lemon squeezed into it. Had the medium hot wings, good flavor but they made u pay an extra 50 cents for blue cheese. Whoever heard of hot wings with no blue cheese? So next time ill stick to the ice water and bring along my own blue cheese,
Parking: Nice lot, good amount of spaces and good lighting.   Curb Appeal: Strip mall Bar and Tavern; Clean entrance, no major issues. Big tinted windows on the side facing Elliot to keep the sun out; the front looks like strip club (not a bad thing, just sayin'); It has glass block windows and a solid oak door.   Layout: Cool layout; right side is a large dining room with good amount of tables and some booths. Off to the left of the entrance is a large "U" shaped bar with plenty of high top tables surrounding it. On the dining level there are numerous booths and table tops.   Ambiance: VERY clean, noticed that a table stayed unbussed for only a few seconds before it was taken care of. Good sound system, lots of TV's showing variety of sports. I can only vouch for the Mens room, but it was actually REALLY nice. Good clean area with lots of room, plenty of soap and towels.  Food: My group had a little bit of everything on the menu. Sliders were actually good, wings were good with healthy amount of sauce (Get the Maple Hot...different but good).   Drinks: Plenty of beer on tap and at a good price. Even PBR for your hipsters out there; good micro and import selection, but not great.   Staff: This is were they earn the 4th star. AWESOME. Everyone was friendly and seemed to actively look for ways to make the visit more special.    The Skinny: This place is good. I'd be comfortable bringing the guys here for some football or happy hour beers...and it's equally comfortable if you want to bring the wife/girlfriend/husband/whatever  for some drinks and some  fun. I suggest you give it a chance and don't let the "dive bar" reviews get you. I've been to a lot of dive bars, and this place is a few steps above that for sure.
The vine has seriously legit wings, and on Tuesdays and during happy hour, they are only $4.99 for a dozen (woah, right?!). There are a lot of TVs, so it's also a place I'd recommend watching a sports game.
This place is okay. They have good happy hour prices but the food is regular old bar food, nothing special. Lots of people go here to watch football.
Yes this is a local dive bar. However, it is quite good in the food dept.as well.    Came here last night for a quick dinner. Quite a lot to choose from on the menu.    My girlfriend was even able to get hot green Tea,and you would not expect that would you!    We both opted for sandwiches.  Very good, they subsitute without a problem. Our waiter was very good and our food was hot.                                                           They have a different menu speical every day of the week.    Lots of pluses here. They have 14 TV's all with differnet channels going.                        So you can't say you couldn't find anything to watch.    They have resone all the boots so they are nice and comfortable. Bathrooms are claen. Lots of  parking in the lot.....We like it!
Best wings in the valley, period.  Don't agree with being charged for ranch or blue cheese but eh, not too big a deal.  Service is always solid.  Bartenders friendly.  Regulars although nice can be creepy at times.  They pretty much act as if they own the place.  Overall, I loved the Vine on Apache while attending ASU and I love the Vine in S. Tempe just as much.  The wings are absolutely incredible.
Let me start off by saying the food here is great, I've never been unsatisfied with my meal! That being said the reason I give this 3 and not 4 or 5 stars is because of the staff and overall atmosphere.  Every time I visit its a hit or miss with the kind of service I'm going to have. I either have a great server who's on top of their game or a terrible server who I see once every 30 minutes. I once waited 45 minutes AFTER I was done with my meal until I saw my waiter returning from out front and was able to flag him down to ask for my check, which I then waited another 15 minutes for. Before that my order had come out wrong and there were all sorts of problems with correcting it. You either get the 5 star treatment where the staff is friendly, in a great mood and does their job well or you walk in and it feels like you're an inconvenience and their "too busy" for you even though there's 6 people total in the place.  As I said before the food is great, and I will return to The Vine again, but it's not my favorite place to go.
I love this place. Good drinks, food, and service. The menu has something for everyone. Everything I've eaten here is good and the sour cream and chive fries are amazing!
Been a regular here for more than ten years now.   We come by a few times a month usually for lunch or dinner but I also come with friends about once a week for a beer. I don't think of this location as a "dive bar" but more of a neighborhood restaurant.  I frequently see families with young kids dining at this establishment.  I used to say the Vine has the BEST french fries.  Lately they haven't been up to par AND they've been holding out.  Portions have decreased.    Most of the items on the menu are pretty good and they have set special every day of the week.  What I don't like about the Vine: *They charge for a ramekin of anything extra.  Really?  You have to charge me for buffalo sauce?   I swear it takes longer for them to approach the table, then you got another wait for them to bring the drinks.   I realize part of the fault could be the kitchen but the other delays are exclusively the server. We don't come here to watch the game or just drink a few beers, we come to enjoy a meal and then we our out of there.  Wish they had a better selection of beers on tap. Also wish they would put the races (drags) on when they're playing instead of multiple tvs playing assorted ball games.  Really, a little improvement with the service would be a welcome upgrade.
Poor management. 1 server 1 cook on a saturday. Would hate to work here. Upset customers.
Damn it... I really wanted to give this place a great review! We were in town for a Cardinal game and wanted some good wings before heading home. Let's just say the food was great, with great prices. Everything was hot and tasty, but the service. The gal that helped us was ok, not too friendly but not rude. The service was terrible. They took forever to take our order, then to bring our food, and even longer to get our bill. If you are not in a rush you should give this place a try...just remember we warned you! If management cared to improve on staffing this place would be perfect.
Ok, I am all about customer service.  And, this place does not have very good customer service.  It is sad that such an attractive, and spacious restaurant/bar with such great happy hour specials would not train their bartenders to acknowledge everyone that takes a seat at the bar.    I walked in, and was greeted by two young men, whom I noticed later were servers.  That was really nice, and I told them that I was heading to the bar.    When I arrived at the bar, it was not very packed, but not slow either.  I sat down, checked my phone, responded to two text messages, and was greeted by two gentlemen to my right before the female bartender even looked my way.  It is as if she had tunnel vision and was oblivious to the new customers who had sat down, including myself.    I finally received a napkin in front of me after almost 8 minutes, while she chatted on her cell phone.  OMG, disturbing!  Moving on, she finally asked what I wanted to drink, ok about 11 minutes into the visit (Unacceptable)!!!!!!!!!  The guys next to me also commented on how long it took for her to serve me and, from what I found out, them too.    On a positive note, their beer selection is very nice, with pints at $2.79 during happy hour 3-7 I believe.  I tried the Orange Blossom beer on tap, and fell in love.  I then enjoyed one of my new favorites, Four Peaks Amber Ale on tap.  I did not try the food, because I was heading out later in Scottsdale for some food and drinks with friends, but it did look good.  After she finished her shift, several attentive male bartenders then took care of my new guy friends and I, and thus, my night ended on a positive note.
Been here for many years but have seen a recent decline in quality service. Felt scolded by the bartender today at lunch. Felt disrespected as a customer. Service sucks stay away. "bad service = bad review"
Not clean. Poor service. Attitudes. Not helpful. Insensitive. Rude.   WACK
I love this place. Old time dive. This is a place where everyone will know your name! Food is great. Amy, Ben, and Matt are amazing so is the rest of the staff!!! Awesome happy hour deals that can't be beat!!!
Wanted to post ago of review since a lot of people were hating on the service. Sat down around 6pm on a Friday and Margie did an excellent job meeting our every need. The orange blossom beer was delicious with a hint of vanilla and tangerine. Guys don't often like it! Portions are appropriate sizes.
First time visiting the other day.  Good service, awesome wings and rings, and lots of tv's.  I was on lunch break at work so I couldn't drink or let loose, but overall a good bang for your buck. Didn't receive any attitude when we used a coupon either.
always awesome wings and fries!
I can't say much for the service since I usually get food to go on the way to work, but the food is delicious. I recommend the mojo burger. Burger with mushrooms, bacon, and swiss cheese, comes with fries. The burgers are always cooked to perfection. I give it four stars because it is really greasy, some people like that, but I could do without.
I went there on Tuesday. I had a great vanilla porter for $4.25 -- and the best thing -- it was a giant mug with about 32 ounces. They have that special all day on T, Th. Service was prompt and friendly.   Their draft beer selection was OK and at that price that's all I need to get there.   Can't review there food or mixed drinks because I didn't have any.
First time here and really enjoyed this place.  Very popular obviously from the number of patrons there on a weeknight, the service was great, the food very good, great prices too especially on happy hour drink specials!
Wings are great, have never had a bad meal here. However, service is beyond slow always!
Eaten there several times - been sick feeling after 3 of them. Not a clean place, service is slow and with the exception of a few beer specials the menu is overpriced ($8 for a dozen overcooked wings?)   Had hope for them to get better after they remodeled about a year ago but I won't be giving them another chance.
Okay, Vine.   This is place is a pub and serves pub food--there's a problem here:  As I am a vegetarian and I ordered the Gardenburger, it's not really all that fair of me to review a place like this based on what I ate.  If the Gardenburger sucked, it really wouldn't be the fault of the restaurant.  To review a joint like this, you really have to try their meat dishes (most of the menu) and/or their beer.  Since I neither eat meat nor drink alcohol, I can't do that.  The Gardenburger turned out to be better than the one I've had at a lot of places, so at least there's that for what it's worth.  So what's left?  Well, the fried zucchini was quite good.  Service was excellent and friendly.  This has apparently been a favorite family restaurant for many years and still holds this distinction.  Minuses?  Well, it's noisy, but with all the kids and ASU students present on a Saturday night, that's no surprise.  The plates they give you to hold the food are surprisingly small, but that's about the worst thing I can say about this place.  Overall, I had a very enjoyable time here.  Next time, I'll have another veggie Jo burger with fries, a Diet Coke, maybe an appetizer, and just chill.  Fair review or not, I recommend Vine Tavern & Eatery.  I think you would too.
I was excited about trying food from this place...but it was a huge letdown for me.  I ordered some food to go and I did not care for it.  I ordered 6 bbq boneless wings and 6 traditional wings (medium sauce) with fries.  I also ordered a breaded tenderloin sandwich...which most restaurants don't have around here.  I am from the midwest so it is more popular there.  Anyway, the boneless wings were not good at all and they even gave me the wrong bbq sauce.  I have had better frozen wings from a grocery store.  The traditional wings were just average at best.  The fries here were below average.  The only highlight of this place was that the food was ready on time and they lady at the bar was nice.
Mmm, the Vine!   I'm a huge fan of the Rural and Apache location by ASU, but this one is closer to my neighborhood. Great place; chill ambiance, perfect for catching up with your friends over a beer, or even watching just about any game. Friendly service.    Speaking of which, funny that people are griping about ASU students frequenting this location and being out of control . . . Found it to be the complete opposite here. Sounds like y'all are describing the other location! Maybe this is just my experience.   Delicious wings, never slimey and always have come out crispy. Best flavors are the Superhot and Spicy Garlic.   Thirty two ounce beers for $5 and under and Happy Hour is seven days a week.   Thanks for having Leinenkugel Summer Shandy on tap, guys! :)
Best traditional hot wings in Phoenix.  Great ranch.  Ask them for crispy if you like them a bit dry.
Despite the far from stellar reviews on this place, I went here for dinner and a drink one evening. Not holding much of an expectation I had the wings and the rest of my party had all kinds of things from burgers to the Shepherd's Pie.  The service wasn't bad, wasn't stellar. For the venue it was what I expected and nothing less.   The food was good. I liked everything on the table. Yet again, it wasn't an adventurous culinary expedition - but it deserves the credit its due. For a Tavern & Eatery it was definitely up to par. It didn't let me down. I can even see myself going back for a shot of my own towards that Shepherd's Pie.   Pricewise, yet again it was what was expected.   If I have friends coming in from out of town, I probably will not take them here. But if I just want to get some grub and a beverage - yeah, why not.
Quite crowded on a Friday during the tail end of the Happy Hour. Lots of big parties and some regular oldies crowding the bar. The happy Hour deals are Ok, but nothing crazy. Two bucks off about five appetizers including their popular wings that everybody swears are the best in the Valley. I did not try them, but my boring date scarfed down almost a dozen and liked them. My $8.99 turkey melt was a good sandwich that included fresh sliced turkey, bacon, cheese and lettuce and tomato with a good honey mustard on the side. The fries needed improvement as they were skinny and not cooked enough. About a buck off on domestic beers and a real friendly bartender made for a good experience at this bar. Prices very reasonable across the board.
When ever you mention "the Vine" people auto matically assume you are talking about "the wings".People have told me "the best wings in arizona"  I can tell you they also have a exceptional hamburger. The menu offers all kinds of cheeseburger choices, I would personally suggest the fries as the side dish, but the coleslaw is also good. The place is some what of a "sports bar" with tvs all over, I see a lot of small groups watching different games. What I really like is that the place is large enough that you can always get a booth "away from the noise", LOL.  I do notice that it is "family friendly" which I really like.  I notice that phoenix metro transport has stops on both the n/s and e/w routes running through the corner. Definitely  would recommend
The Vine continues to be a local hang-out for a few choice beers, some wings, and a burger. The food is good enough, but the service is incredibly better. I do appreciate that you're listening to your customers. We'll continue to visit here and hope for improvement in all areas - maybe a few more beer choices???
Well I grew up in Tempe and always went to the vine! For starters, they have horrible customer service. You will rarely leave there feeling like the servers, hostess, or bartender went out of their way to make your experience better. You'll notice that the employees are all very fairly young... maybe this has something to do with the poor customer service? They take short cuts all the time! Especially when they are busy. Be careful on your To-go orders! If you get wings they will most likely be dished out to you cold. This has happened to me a few times when I dined in as well.   The Vine just has a 'whatever' feel to me. Honestly It's like going to Applebees but with worst service and less selection.   Pros: Decent bar food, normal service times, lots of TV's for sports viewing  Cons: Bad service, Rude staff, the kitchen let's cold food go out, cutting corners, horrible salads
First time here and ordered wings. I usually don't like mine hot (spicy) but when I got them they were cold. Warm in the middle and cold tips. The flavor was good and I could eat them fast but having parts of it half frozen was a big turn off. The waitress was pretty fast at taking our order and delivering our drinks.
The service and attitude at this place is so bad, I hate to waste my time on a review.  I am a biker, and visit quite a lot of places.  This place rates near the bottom.  I am use to pubs being homey and friendly.  Didn't find it here.    In the survey I stated no waiter service, they were there, but not attentive.    There are better taverns in town...
Not a good place to go if they are busy.  Poor service and attitudes.  Don't know about the food as it never came.  We arrived there at about 6:30 pm on Thursday.  We were told 5 to 10 minute wait, no one ahead of us on the list.  After a 25 minute wait, I approached the host to tell him to take us off the list, we were going to leave.  He said a table just cleared, so we decided to take it.  Walking to the other side of the bar, we found 3 available tables and a booth (I don't understand this), so we took the booth.  It is now 7:00 pm.   The sever came over and within 5 minutes we had our drinks, and placed our orders (two of us).  My Guinness was empty in a couple of minutes and although the server walked by several time, I couldn't catch her attention for another, and she never checked in on us.  Finally, with no service at all, at 8:00 we left our table, I gave the host $5 for the soda and pint of Guinness, and told him we were leaving.  He said he would get our server, but after waiting a total of 90 minutes and only having a single Guinness, I wasn't interested in continuing with the same server.  The place is extremely loud, mostly small tables with lots of people crowding around them.  Parking was very limited and tight.  We live only a block away, but will probably never go back.
Best wings in town! If you come into the Vine expecting world class service, impeccable decor, and expensive delectable dining, you're going to have a bad time.  If you plan on expecting a dive/sports bar with good prices, great beer, and amazing wings, you're going to have a great time.  That's all there is to it, I have been going to The Vine for probably 8 years and I have visited other establishments along the way here in arizona.  When I want the best wings you can buy, I still come here.
Where do I start with this place.... I LOVE The Vine!!! It's my neighborhood bar where I can always come for a drink (who am I kidding more like several drinks) and some great wings.   The actual place itself is perfectly laid out with multiple flat screen TV's and I love how the bar is the focal point of the whole place. The staff are amazing, Amie and Ben are the best bartenders in Tempe. They make you feel at home and are very personable. The staff for me is what makes the restaurant experience and the folks at The Vine do not disappoint.   If you are in the neighborhood and you're looking for a chill and friendly place to have a drink, watch the game, or even kick it with friends The Vine is a prime spot to go to!!   Love you guys!!
Service, it has always been above average, sometimes if you sit on the patio it is a bit slow, but that is understandable. Food, I love the wings, I would venture to say these are my favorite in the valley, I like my wings grilled and they always let me do that. Drinks, the drinks are strong and they have a very good beer selection. Bathrooms, the bathrooms have always been stocked and clean. It's a bar, they get busy, they get a little behind, but the wings and beer selection makes up for that for me.
This is the best bar food in the neighborhood and really priced right.  Love Wing Tuesdays!!!
Good place to come eat and chat or hangout with friends - since I am a local and come often with my room mates, we are always running into friends and making new ones. Great atmosphere. Upbeat and friendly!
Came here for a quick burger and a beer. We were disappointed. We ordered queso thinking it would be a white dip and it was velveeta cheese. Very unlike a restaurant. Our burgers were decent but very obviously frozen pattys. Service was slow. We won't be back!
Great happy hours. Asian garlic wings are fantastic!  Great onion rings. I would rate higher but I've only been here for happy hour. They have a full menu but haven't tried it yet
Average bar food, but a lot of drink options including full bar and a ton of beers on tap.  Good place to watch sports too.
Go here for wings. One of the best wings places around. Tuesday you get them cheap. Spicy garlic, maple hot and traditional are all great flavors, but you got to get them Bryan style, which is sweet chilli with a side of Frank's sauce.
Went to dinner at Sens Saturday and noticed that Turf had opened, decided to give it a try after dinner.   The decor was comfortable, a little too safe, but nice. The room felt a bit stale as did the owners, but the waffle fries were good and the scotch was priced well. I think it was $8 for a Glenmorangie which is pretty good. The bartender was friendly but useless when it comes to making drinks, she had no idea how Absinthe is supposed to be prepared, but that didn't stop me from drinking it.   I would say this is a place that in time could end up being decent, but will never be great. The owners sense of Aesthetics come from roughly the same time period as the scotch I drank, and this will always hold it back.  As a side note, in the 40 minutes I was there I heard 5 Blink 182 songs, this struck me as being quite odd.
Have my bar prayers been answered by the Phoenix Gods?   The Turf quietly opened today and the only reason I know is because I walked by on my way back from the Matsuri Festival. Thank goodness we decided to walk up 1st instead of Central! It occupies the same space as Sens and PastaBar and is a very welcome addition downtown.   A large space that straddles the fence between traditional pub and modern resto-bar Turf fills a void that exists in the area. Its a place that my husband can enjoy a beer (they have a decent selection on tap) and I can get a mixed drink. (Rum and cokes are cheaper than Smithwick's!) You can choose between the comfy bar stools, a high back leather chair at a table, a booth or a high top.  Obviously its still finding its identity but I have high hopes for the new kid on the block. If they can figure out music it would go a long way. They don't have a full menu yet, just burgers and wraps, but the wrap our neighbors at the bar ordered looked huge. The bartender, Jonie, was very friendly and informed us they will be open full time for lunch and dinner, plus happy hour specials, starting next Friday after their soft opening.
The official opening for The Turf is this Friday night (2/27), with full menu, decor, entertainment, etc. The owners, Frank and Andy, who also own Seamus McCaffrey's Irish Pub downtown, are committed to the classic design of Old World pubs that Irish pub goers insist upon, but also created an interior design that recognizes the unique environment of a 21st century Irish pub.   There will be live entertainment Thur.-Sat. starting at 9 pm. and the place is open until 2 a.m. seven days a week. The menu is extensive, and the food is great! As for spirits, they have 12 taps, and the  second-largest assortment of Irish whiskeys and single-malt scotch in Arizona. (Seamus McCaffrey's touts the largest selection).  And something that is sorely lacking downtown on weekends, they will be serving a full Irish breakfast menu from 7a.m.-noon Sat-Sun and 7-10 a.m. Mon.  Hope everyone eventually comes to know this new Irish restaurant and pub as their own "turf."
My husband and I checked out The Turf on Friday. I arrived first at about 5:15 after taking the Dash from my office and it was a nice 10 minute walk from Washington and Central. There appears to be valet parking available, but with plenty of meters lining 1st street, I'm not sure there is a real need to valet park. At 5:15 on a Friday, the patio was full and the inside bar had only three empty seats. By 6 pm, most of the tables were full and every bar at the seat was occupied. Perhaps it was due to The Turf being so new, but live music started at 7 pm which to me was very early for a pub.   For happy hour, drafts are 50 cents off and wine is also marked down, but not sure what that special is. There appeared to be eight-ten beers on tap and the selection seems like it will appeal to a wide variety of people. There are no food HH specials which I am sure is attributed to the already low costs for much of the food on the menu. I did overhear the owner talking to the people next to me at the bar and The Turf will be open for breakfast on Saturdays, Sundays and Mondays from 7-10 am. My husband and I attempted to order food while we were there to split, but after 45 minutes of waiting, we still had no food. We are not sure if the male bartender forgot to key the order in or if the kitchen lost the order, but in any event, the female bartender gave us our credit card back and told us that we were not going to be charged for the beers we had drank that night. It was a nice touch and very much appreciated.  The thing that stood out the most was that The Turf was that it's an urban space and it does not give off a true pub vibe. Pubs to me should have wood floors, dim lighting, and be cozy and intimate. The Turf has concrete floors and the tables are much too spread out. Plus the menus are much too glossy and reminded me of menus I would see at places like Red Lobster or TGI Fridays.  All and all, it seems to be a nice addition to the neighborhood, but I am not sure how often I will go out of my way to go there because I think some of the other pubs in the Valley have a more authentic pub feel to them.
Well I almost feel like I should just edit my Seamus McCaffrey review and place it here.  Nestled in with Sens and Pasta Bar is the brand new Turf Restaurant.  A great addition to a great part of town that already has the best breakfast diner in the world, Asian tapas, and all the fresh pasta you can eat.  We showed up for their Grand Opening Friday Feb 27th.  Walking in, you notice a couple things.  There is a patio for smokers that is a bit more out of the way of the main entrance than McCaffrey's is.  There is also no host (like McCaffery's).  I love this and think there needs to be more places with this sort of seating arrangement.  The place is dark but classy.  Well lit at the tables and the bar looks beautiful.  Lots of dark woods and some subtle paintings of hill sides and whatever else Ireland has.  Very nice inside.  We tracked down a table and were discovered by a waitress after a couple minutes.  She brought us menus (something that should really be AT the table) and took our dink orders.  They have a standard array of non-alcoholic drinks and then the typical Irish pub beer list.  The menu says they have a wide assortment of whiskeys and, while I'm a whiskey drinker, that will have to wait for an update.  I ordered a Guinness & it was poured perfectly...as expected.  The food menu is similar to McCaffrey's but with a few notable exceptions.  The biggest one to me is the addition of Bangers & Mash.  One of my favorite dishes and it was executed wonderfully.  Two sausages, nice pile of potatoes, peas, and carrots.  Everything tasted fresh and the sausage wasn't over-spiced.  The gravy on the potatoes was wonderful.    The wife ordered the Corned beef and cabbage boxty and it was good as well.  It came with a side of horseradish sauce that really brought the beef alive.  We had also ordered the mini corn dogs from the kids' menu for an appetizer.  There were four corn dogs and a pile of fries.  Also very good.  For dessert, we debated over the "Chocolate Decadence Cake" or the "Whiskey Cake" & decided on the Whiskey Cake.  It was a nice-sized piece that was saturated in some of the best whiskey I've ever had.  I have to find out what they put on it.  The homemade whipped cream on the side really made the cake wonderful.  Really, the menu is about the same as Seamus McCaffrey's.  The ambiance and vibe of the place is much higher end.  Seems like a great place for after work or to go before an event.  It also seems more suitable for kids than McCaffrey's is.  There are a few HDTVs that had the Suns on when we were there as well.    The only other thing about The Turf was that they had a live band playing on opening night.  They were excellent; playing traditional Irish music and really rockin out.  They weren't so loud that you couldn't talk and they were out of the way enough so that everyone could enjoy them without being overwhelmed by them.  Not sure how often bands will be there, but it seems like a good venue.  All in all - great experience.  UPDATE: We've been back multiple times since The Turf opened.  Once for just drinks and once for breakfast.  I still love this place.  It doesn't try to do too much.  I agree with the reviewer who complained about the music, but there is a jukebox and whatever people pick, that's what we hear.  Service is always great once the waitress knows you are there but I still wish they would put the menus on the table like Seamus.    The breakfast food is pretty decent.  They have some traditional Irish breakfast that I was too scared to try (black & white pudding, no thanks) but also had breakfast burritos, omelets, and biscuits and gravy.  I tried the latter and it was pretty good.  It would be nice to see them make fresh biscuits every morning though because some of mine were too hard.  The soft ones were great and made the meal quite enjoyable.  I would like to see them scale back the amount and offer a side of fruit with such a heavy meal.  In all, it was good.  It wasn't as good as Matt's, but if you don't want to wait in line for an hour, it makes a good alternative.
If you put an Irish pub into a Walmart, this is what you'd get. Don't get me wrong, I love the idea of having more than one joint being open past 10pm downtown. However, the real disappointment is the everything to everyone idea of it. I guess any place that serves domestic Guiness or Strongbow can be called a pub.  Tips: Bring your own cigars. At least try a shot of Middleton. Native New Yorker meets Seamus. Try Seamus, Rose & Crown or George & Dragon for TPE (true pub experience).
Full menu with standard bar fare, kitchen open late and Downtown. 'Nuff said! Everything I've wanted is now complete. CenPho is complete IMHO. They even have breakfast on the weekends!  The fish and chips is straight outta Seamus' kitchen (i.e. it's Fucking fantastic).
I'm a fan.   Turf is what you get when you want an average Irish bar crossed with a high end urban pub with leather-backed chairs. This is nothing more and nothing less and has been delivered downtown to much success.  I do like that they know me and my friends already after one week, and have handled complicated car key situations, Mayor Gordon sightings with grace and easiness. Kudos them.
We tried The Turf on their big opening night.  They had a band playing some great Irish music at a volume that I could actually still communicate with my husband.  There were even a few girls who got up to do that step dance business during a couple songs.  I'm not sure if they were with the band, with the owners, or just so happened to be eating at an Irish Pub dressed like Irish step dancers.  When we first walked in, their was no hostess table, just like Seamus McAffrey's so we spotted a booth in the back and nestled in.  Unlike Seamus though, there were no menus at the table, so we had to wait a few minutes before we were noticed and given menus.  In the meantime I noticed that there was absolutely nothing on the table.  It was a refreshing change from most places where you see salt, pepper, ketchup and all sorts of other crap on an otherwise beautiful dark wood table.  We ordered the kids corndog bites as an app, a corned beef and cabbage for me, and a bangers and mash for the husband.  The corndog bites are wicked good.  They should make it a full size entree.  They're super crispy and perfectly battered.  A side of seasoned waffle fries comes along with it.  The fries were also super crispy and delicious, and I don't even like waffle fries.  I had never had corned beef and cabbage, so I didn't know what to expect.  The meat was very tender and slightly salty.  Paired with the slightly softened and piping hot cabbage, it was certainly a winning combination for me.  The steamed carrots and baby potatoes were also tasty.  I could have used a bit more seasoning in the veggies though.  I didn't try any of the bangers and mash, but I did try the gravy and it was excellent.  Thick and salty, just the way I like it.  Feeling very satisfied, but ready to get the full experience, we ordered the Whiskey Cake.  WHOA!  I was not ready for it.  The bundt style pound cake was dense, soaked with whiskey, and served with fresh whipped cream.    I mean soaked.  I took one bite and couldn't eat anymore so I scooped up and ate the foamy fresh whipped cream covered in green clover sprinkles.  All in all, a positive experience.  I will definitely be back.  The staff just needs to learn to be extremely watchful of new faces in the crowd so they don't sit unattended for too long.
Pros:  The best bartender in Phoenix, Jonie, is now at the Turf. It's not nearly as dirty as Seamus. The patio is nice.  Cons:  What's with the feeling that it is a music venue. The most empty space ever.  In no way do I feel like I'm in an irish pub. It would be better fitted in say, DC Ranch where old douches could hang out and feel "Irish" before they go home and bbq in the back yard while listening to Jimmy Buffett. There is no soul, feeling, or unique aspect of this place whatsoever.
We tried The Turf for breakfast this weekend.  We were definitely not in the mood to wait a lifetime for Matt's after perusing the market, so we decided to head over to the Turf.  As expected, the place was empty except for one guy at the bar... considering it was like 9 am I am really hoping this guy was just drinking apple juice.  Our server was very nice, and I am pretty sure we had her on our first night here.  After explaining to us what black and white pudding was, ewww, and then running away, she came back for our breakfast order.  I got the Bacon and Cheese Omelet and the husband got Biscuits and Gravy.  My breakfast was served with hashbrowns and toast.  The hashbrowns were thin and crispy, just the way I like it.  My omelet was stuffed to the max with bacon and oozing melty cheese.  It wasn't a big fluffy omelet like at IHOP but it was a dense solid little guy.  I much prefer my omelets to be like this.  The husband was a little less than pleased with his meal.  We both agreed the gravy was pretty good and we really liked that there was actually sausage in it, the way it should be.  The disappointment was definitely in the biscuits though.  They were certainly not fresh and definitely not homemade.  Considering how easy and quick biscuits are to make, this bummed me out.  To the owner of Turf:  If you want me to, I will be more than happy to come over and show you how to make a good biscuit.  If there are good, fresh biscuits, this could be a great dish.  Not the best for breakfast, but a good alternative for when we don't feel like waiting for hours in the hot morning sun.
Yay! I'm a fan!  Tried out Turf last night for HH.. and even though I arrived exactly at 6pm when it was ending, I saw that the waitress still gave me $0.50 off my Strongbow.  I was actually surprised at how busy it was! We were able to finagle some extra chairs for our table from the nice firemen next to us, but at one point throughout the 3 hour visit I had, the whole place was slammed!  I don't think that they were expecting such a crowd, so the service was a bit slow until they had another waitress show up. She was probably at home watching sitcoms and pissed she had to come in on her day off, but whatever.  I ended up selecting the garden burger, which was delicious and paired with waffle fries. I was really surprised that they had as many veggie options as they did. They also have a veggie boxty, grilled cheese, cheese quesedilla and a couple of salads!  I could not resist trying a slice of the whiskey cake. It was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!! Check the photos for a shot of it :) I swear, it will make your night!!!  I will be back, especially since the Roosevelt/Central light rail stop is like 1/4 mile away!!!!!!!!
i'm giving turf 4 stars for now, i expect 5 stars will be on a follow up.  first time here and i have to say i already love the place, its within a 7 minute walk from my apartment and that is something i have been dreaming of since i first signed a lease. my only full bar options are Portlands (meh) and carley's (good god no!!) and the bikini (way too far to stumble home, and HIPSTER) and sidebar (close, but not really stumble home close). so here i am meeting my roomie for drinks after work, i walk in and wow. i expected allot worse from the reviews from John V and Pierre.   let me correct the misconceptions, its not in any way empty space, yes it's not overly crowded (yet) but i had a mental picture of the brickhouse empty. it is nothing like that. the floor plan is laid out with seating for sit down comfort..split with a bar and tall bar sit up tables. i was also expecting barren walls. but from what i can tell there wasn't a barren wall in the building.  as far as pierre, i havn't trusted a review of his since i read his review of Sing High (god awful) so his interpretation of a dive bar is completely off. after reading his review i expected to walk into an updated classy newsroom..but was surprised to find a complete opposite. just a nice bar with a really friendly staff.  the seating at the bar is attractive green tweed swivel stools. (tweed..what is more irish then that?) adjacent to the bar is a comfortable seating area with leather arm chairs and high back booths. the prices are far below what i expected. 8 bucks for a sandwich and fries. completely acceptable. this is certainly going to be my go to bar. i expect many years of being trashed and being sweeped out the front door at 2am.   turf thank you for opening, and thank you for the quaint patio for the smokers of the downtown area. much appreciated.  after i get my shit together, expect me here weekly, in fact i'll forward my calls to this place like Norm on cheers.    5 star review surely in the future. bless you.  oh and since i know you will read this, it was nice to meet you Melissa.  come on downtown yelpers, this WILL be the bar you are at on a regular.
5 minute walk from my spot.... full bar, they open at 9 am.. perfect for day drinkers. awesome staff.   melissa is a queen, and is really, if she keeps working day shifts - she will quickly become my new bff.
Talk about disappointed.  I had high hopes for this place, what with its location and idiosyncratic name. But after an hour or so and a couple drinks, I couldn't get past the 'meh' feeling that was permeating both my inner ennui and this bar as a whole.  That's when it hit me.  Coldplay started to play over the speakers and I knew I had found the musical analogue for this joint.    Turf = Coldplay.  Trying to give you what want and failing epically. All the things you are supposed to like - the things you like about similar bands/bars have all been included.  You liked it once, you'll like it again! Right?    Much like Coldplay's pomp and circumstance that is ultimately soulless, Turf Accountant fails to be genuine on any level.  Its all carefully crafted to give you some blend of quasi-upscale, Irish, hipster cool, but it just fails to deliver. I knew it was time to go when I heard Chris Martin's voice. If you find middling boring, I suggest passing on Turf.
This joint is definitely the newer, modern version of ye 'ol Seamus downtown. Pretty much the same menu, Fish and shrimp with waffle fries is a must. Even though the menu says coconut shrimp it does not have same overpowering coconut sweetness that you get from Joe's or other seafood places. it actually taste better IMO!!!   Another reason to get my fish and chips craving here instead of Seamus is PARKING!  its almost impossible to get a spot whenever there's a game or event without paying top dollar.  i rather spend that parking fee money on a good scotch.  :)
Is it The Turf or the Turf Accountant?  The cover of the menu reads The Turf Accountant, while the receipt reads The Turf.  Either way, I like it.  The restaurant/bar is owned by Andy and Frank, the same owners as Seamus McCaffrey's Irish Pub in downtown Phoenix at the San Carlos Hotel.  The Turf is close to downtown on Central Avenue, just a few blocks north of the central bus station.  The menu is very similar to the menu at Seamus.  I ordered the shepherds pie, which was very good.  I have to say I like the atmosphere and surroundings of the Turf better than Seamus.  I went to the Turf  for lunch to celebrate a friends birthday, and everyone said their meals were good, although Manolo M. dropped gravy on his dress shirt from the bangers and mash.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful.  The Turf is located right next to the Arizona State University's downtown campus, so it would be interesting to return at night to see what the cowd is like.
Erin Go Bring Me my Check!  I applaud Seamus McCaffrey for taking it slow when opening his sister pubs (Rosie's and now Turf), but this pub near Sens, PastaBAR, and The Breadfruit has some serious deficits to remedy.  I took my Phoenix transplant friend, Katie C, for a late breakfast on Saturday around 11am before our trip to Downtown Phoenix Public Market.  Passing through the modest patio at the entrance to The Turf (Accountant), we entered a large open space with dark, wood paneling, polished metallic-speckled concrete floors, drop-down Starbucks-reminiscent glass lamps, and not a single visible patron to be found.  The glossy, just-opened cleanliness of the pub made it look like a miniature Yard House Restaurant: four flat-panel TVs displaying futbol and basketball, too far away to follow, too TV-ish to ignore, suggesting, "We are pub for a quiet pint...No, we are music venue (see the stage!)...No, we are a wee modest sportsbar."  Conflicted.  At the bar, I flipped through the menu to see if breakfast was still being served, and I was told by the bartender that the posted Sat-Sun-Mon breakfast hours of 7-10am had been extended to noon.  I mean, really, who's racing to the pub for breakfast before 10am on a weekend?  We chose a booth along a side wall and noted that the swirled, multi-green upholstery was either retro or contemporary or both. (Conflicted.)  When we sat down, the server at a nearby booth rose from her intimate conversation with a blond man and asked us for our drink orders.  Coffee and water.  After some deliberation and discussion of real Irish soda bread, Katie ordered the french toast and I ordered the Traditional Irish Breakfast, minus the meat (sausage or bacon; black and white pudding).  To her credit, the server said I'd be wasting money with that order and should order the simple eggs and hashbrowns and substitute in the fried tomato and soda bread.  I asked for poached eggs, but the server returned minutes later, saying, "We don't have poached eggs."  Okay, then, over medium.  Our breakfast arrived quickly; by now, only one other two-top was being served in the palatial pub.  The french toast ("Some of the best french toast I've had," Katie said) came with a giant ramekin of butter but no syrup.  We asked for the syrup, and at the end of the meal, Katie almost asked for the butter to-go; it was seriously an entire stick of butter.  My egg breakfast didn't have the side of fried tomato (a staple of English and Irish breakfasts), and when I asked for it, she brought two sad mealy tomato slices, unfried.  The soda bread was dense and dry and bland and dotted with four measly raisins.  Throughout the service, our distracted waitress (think: Reese Witherspoon + Jewel) was pleasant but forgetful.  She spent her time between tables sitting with the blond man in the booth, close-talking and smiling.  Was he another waiter or her boyfriend?  I joked to Katie that I should bring a girlfriend to my classroom and give her smooches in between the grammar lessons I teach.  She filled my water and coffee often, but her casual presence at the booth across from us blurred the lines of professionalism.  The bill for two breakfasts (including substitutions, which she didn't charge for) and a coffee was $16.  Very reasonable.  I guess we got what we paid for.  Katie noted that most people don't choose an Irish pub for their breakfast/brunch, but the Turf hardly tried, it seemed.  And with Palatte closing, I wanted to give Seamus a shot.    I will definitely return in the evening to have a $5.50 Imperial Pint of Guiness, but I will not return for breakfast.
The Turf Pub is a great, cozy place. Part Irish Pub, part Sports Bar, part Modern, all rolled into one. And I think it works. A nice fit in downtown, next to Sens and Pasta Bar. There is seating on the patio, at the bar, or tables or booths. The beer and liquor selection is great, Irish brews and whiskeys, Scotch and the like. The food is amazing. A great menu with great selections, from traditional Irish fare like Boxty and Irish sausage to bar favorites like burgers and fries and hot wings. They have vegetarian selections, too. All at a reasonable price and good sized portions. The proprietors of Seamus and Rosie's have done well. It's a great place to go for dinner or just for drinks, or like we did, both. But it doesn't stop there, they are open for breakfast, too! From the traditional Irish breakfast to French Toast or pancakes, the breakfast menu looks really good. I see more visits to Turf Pub in my future.
I really want to love this place. Great location, decent prices and run by the owners of Seamus, a spectacular Irish bar just down the street.  But I can't bring myself to.  Their servers are horrendous. Either they forget orders, ignore tables for 10-20 and then check back every 30 seconds and seem a bit socially awkward. I've also never seen so many not attractive middle-aged female servers anywhere BUT Applebees in my life.  I'm a big fan of gay or hot female servers. They seem to understand the give and take of serving, but Turf's staff doesn't.  The place feels like they took Seamus, threw it into the suburbs and made it more family friendly. If Cocktails (yes, the Tom Cruise one) sold out and franchised the bar to every mall around the country, Turf is exactly what it would look like.  Anyway, their beer selection is good and the food is tasty.
As far as "authentic" Irish pubs go, this one is not. With polished concrete floors, a high-gloss wood bar and a spacious, almost too clean atmosphere, the Turf seems a bit contrived. That's not to say it isn't cozy -- the cushy seating at the bar kick a barstool's ass any day. Their selection of Irish drafts is excellent and the food is average. It's in the same spot as PastaBAR!!!!!!! and Sens, but the atmosphere couldn't be more different. Last night I saw a guy writing his memoirs at the bar. An old dude with a Harley Davidson bandanna was swiggin' a Jack and Coke.   One thing that sucks hardcore about this place: the music. Why can't Irish bars seem to get this right (Rula Bula is exclusively excluded here)? They were blasting Yellowcard like it was 2002 and their clientele was solely 14-year-old girls.   I'll go back, maybe for happy hour, or to eat after midnight. But the other spots in this building are better options.
Well, the newness has worn off and the cracks are showing.  After our disappointing St. Patty's Day experience (I still want a refund), I had been quick to forgive my favorite pub.  But after last weekend, I couldn't let it stand any longer.  Being a big soccer fan, I have to watch my team.  Being poor, I don't have cable, so I called Turf and asked them if they had the Sounders game.  The girl says yes so we went over.  We get there, sit down, and are ignored for almost 10 minutes.  I finally walk up to the bar and tell the girl that we'd like the game on and a server.  The server came over (who was not our usual one), took our drink order, and then came back with the remote for the TV.  20 minutes later, she still couldn't find the game and I was getting pissed.  The food came out quickly but I was there to watch the game.  I could have at least streamed it online and watched it in crappy quality.  The food was good, as always, but the waitress finally gave up and put it on some channel that was just infomercials.  Thanks...So I missed my match even though they told me they had it.  They need to train their staff to work the TVs AND they need to have the soccer matches on when they are on.  There were two MLS games at that time and NEITHER was on.  Infomercials and PTI or some nonsense.    Really disappointing.  I'll be back, I can't stay away, but you guys need to have the games on.  What a joke.  Call this an irish pub???  I NEED MY SOCCER.
Pretty much what every one else had already said, its a modern type seamus.  I like the setup, and even though its just like seamus as far as the type of food they serve, it is a lot cleaner.  I still can't dog on seamus for having some wear and tear, after all it is in the downtown area and under a haunted hotel.  Let's get back to The Turf, overall I like the better parking situation, cleanliness and atmosphere.
had a great brunch there when the line was too long at matt's, awesome alternative if you like booze for breakfast like i do ;)
Happy hour was good but the music is a little loud, especially when someone takes hold of the jukebox.  I liked the setup and our server was great.  If you are looking for authentic Irish food, not the place to go but they do have a lot of menu options and the food wasn't bad.  I would go back just to sit at the bar and drink their great selection of draft beer.
okay the two stars are based on 3 series of visits to this new addition to the chemus mc caffreys family. the owners of the downtown irish pub have created this grown up, mature but very stylish irish pub just up the way from the other place, and one things for sure! they have the same standards when it comes to service.......non existent, scarce and brain dead. i've tried the pub area (tall comfortable chairs by bar), the lounge area (short chairs away from bar) and last we ate at the bar. the first two times i was in a rush and stated this before hand, we were trying to catch a play during fringe festival, and of course it took her 5 minutes to bring the bill after it was requested, but of course she was standing at the computer flirting with the other server. that day my burger was alright, but the lettuce and tomato served with it looked like left overs from the night before. the corn beef and cabbage was cut like proscuitto, not good very dry, served without butter, and very fatty. however, i gave them another chance a few days later when we return to see another few plays, and this time the service (from same girl-one i over tipped to avoid this lack 'o service-much to my dissmay the big tip meant squat) was horrible. we were one of 3 tables in the place too, however the chef salad and ranch dressing were delicious! the veggies, all but the tomato were fresh! so being that i fell in love with the ranch (so hard to find a good one!) we returned tuesday for lunch, and low and behold the same salad i ordered the other day around supper time was the same price, but half the size!!! what the FFFF????? bad service and cheating the lunch folf without a small discount for smaller portions? not right. the bar service was the same but luckily we weren't in a hurry. however i asked for the bill, it was brought and then the bartender went to take up shop at the server station to talk with the other servers. i litteraly heelyed (i was wearing my heelys -shoes with wheels) over there and took her my check and credit card. im amazed, but i will give them another try, the ranch is deo. don't go to the turf if your picky on service, heck or even if you just want it, they wont give it to you and you'll hate this place. but if your easy going and want to waste time in the AC go there, you will get lots of free air! oh yeah btw the waffle fries are deo too!
So, okay, The Turf isn't an "authentic" pub -- but no pub in Phoenix, AZ can be truly authentic. You'd have to go to Ireland or England to experience the R-E-A-L thing. Plus, the darn thing isn't even a year old yet. Of course it is shiny and new looking. Who would start up a bar that was old, dingy and worn down? Yeah, I know that is what makes a pub great --the character it has developed over the years.  So, I say give The Turf some time. Give it time to get dirty and dingy. Give it time to get that old boozers stench. It will get there eventually.  But for now, I quite enjoy the clean and modern feel of the place. The food is decent, the beer is flowing and the bathrooms are pretty cool. Oh, and I like the little stage they have for some entertainment -- although, when I was there, my friends were complaining about the guy singing Irish folk songs. (I didn't mind though.)
Food notwithstanding, this place is really top notch. My office mates and I stopped here on Thursday after work and invited a couple of our clients to imbibe with us. Because, that's what bankers do in their free time: drink. Heavily!  Admittedly, I'm a Guinness whore. However it's served up I'll drink it. Irish Car Bomb? Yes, please. In a stew? Yes, please.  The Turf is in a great location, though I must admit the walk from the Roosevelt light rail station was a bit much in this heat. Or maybe that was just me anticipating the drink and getting antsy? IDK. Whatev, I like this bar (until it morphs into Seamus it will not be a pub) and will likely be back. Next time, I'll try to eat more than I drink...which is easier said than done when you consider I'm Irish.
Melissa needs to develop her customer service skills. She could not have been more aloof and indifferent to me and other customers at the bar, even turning her back on all of us to "clean the mirrors" on the bar wall, ignoring us completely. WTF?! That is, of course, until HER "friends" happened to walk in. Then she actually demonstrated some personality. The 1/3 lb. cheeseburger I ordered must have lost it's weight from the grill to the plate, because there wasn't much to it. Thin and unsatisfying, just like the "flattened" roll it was served on. The waffle fries are excellent, with the right portion being served. The male waiter was the only employee I really saw at least trying to look busy and hustling from one table to another, and in and out of the kitchen. He at least made eye contact and managed a smile. That's who needs to be behind the bar. Give me a reason to come in again. It also deserves mentioning, that Melissa never bothered to check back on me ONCE while I sat at the bar for approx. 45 mins., to ask how my food was, or if I wanted a refill on my beer, or thank you for stopping in. THIS IS WHO YOU WANT REPRESENTING YOUR BRAND NEW ENDEAVOR?! Good Luck with that!
I kinda like the place during a weekday happy hour since the seats are real comfortable and there are usually plenty to steal if more friends show up than you expected.  My experience with the staff one night lined up with Tyler H. I couldn't really figure out who was our server, who was cleaning up and who might be a bartender covering for someone slacking. I have middle ground feelings on this as it was a night I didn't want to be bothered and just wanted to chill with a pal. So, in a functional perspective it worked out.  I think I want to like it more for the atmosphere, but there's something kinda bland going on.
Before I write a review, I generally first read all the other Yelpers reviews, if there are any.   Why?   Because I don't really need to write something just to exercise my fingers, I figure I want to ADD something to the convo.   (Hint, hint orangeheads!)  In the case of the Turf Accountant (still don't know why it's called that)... I would point you to both David B's review AND to Pierre Trudeau I's (guessing: not his real name).   I have to agree with everything they BOTH said, although they have dramatically different takes on this place.  That's because I've been to Turf probably a dozen times, on different days of the week and at different times of day, and have had a different experience each time.   So I guess what I can add to the convo is:  this place ain't consistent!   I tried breakfast today.   I work at Practical Art on Central north of Camelback (check us out, yelpers!)... and because we open on Sunday at noon, I make it a special splurge each Sunday to treat myself to breakfast out while I read the Sunday Times and Repulsive.   A leisurely breakfast - my favorite place to do this was always Palatte, which left me.   Sniff.    Anyway so I've been whoring around for a new fave breakfast place and haven't found it yet.   I have had many fun times at night with the great beers offered at Turf, and even had a delightful dinner one evening (my date and I split the vegetarian boxty and the shrimp dish, both were delish and exceeded our expectations).... and I kept noticing that they serve breakfast on Sundays... so I HAD TO try it.   Sigh, so sad.   A rather pathetic menu and inattentive service and weird blaring music as if it were a Friday night bar scene.   Anyway I'm still in favor of Turf, love it as a fun bar, and the dinner food is decent for an occasional meal.   Not for foodies as David B. notes, but decent.    Skip the breakfast idea unless you are FAMISHED and you didn't realize that there would be a multi-hour wait at Matt's.
2.5 stars (rounded up to three) for the drink selection, hours and patio.  Points off for lacking authenticity and bland food.  Decent bar, that attempts to bring some much needed diversity to the downtown scene, but ultimately falls a little short.  I appreciate the attempt at  bring an authentic Irish experience- unlike Seamus, it actually looks like a Irish pub, will dark oak wood, cozy booths, but unlike Seamus, it doesn't quite feel authentic yet.  Perhaps after it has a few years to wear in and replace the fresh paint smell with a stale beer smell and the bar stools and booths have gotten and little more worn in.  Also, i find the atmosphere a tad sparse and spread out for an authentic pub experience-  no real intimacy or jostling for position at the bar, even when it is supposedly 'busy'. On the other hand, I will give Turf gets high marks for one of the few pubs downtown to actually have a patio, which is a big plus when the weather is good.  It's not a bad place to grab a 'real' (i,.e 2- oz) pint of an Irish beer.  However, where thy really shine is their broad selection of Irish whiskeys.  Rumor has it that the have the second largest selection in AZ (one less that their big brother Seamus) .   Unfortunately, the food isn't up to par with their bar.  Yes, the waffle fries are decent way to soak up some of the booze you consume, but the real menu flats flat.  While they have a decent menu, including some attempts at irish classics like boxty, bangers and mash, corned beef and cabbage, and fish and chips (which can be quite tasty), the quality and tastiness just aren't there. This may have worked for Seamus, when it was the only pub in the downtown core, but it  doesn't cut it at turf, whose in the vicinity of several great restaurants and bars (including two in the same building and one right around the corner), which are are head and shoulders above Turf...    My advice?  A good place to meet a friend for a pint before diner, or to stop by after dinner on Friday's and Saturdays for the live music, but only rat here if you are desperately hungry.
This may be fiction.  I don't know for sure.  Here's what I pretty much think happened.  The other night I was at a bar.  two days later I heard that it was Turf.  So I'm gonna go with it.  In body I was there, however my mind was suffering under an oppressive weight called alcohol that blurred pretty much every little thing that happened.  For example: did I really find myself screaming piano man at the top of my lungs, to rapturous applause from the rest of the bar?  every time I tried to stop, I was goaded forth into the next verse?  (did the piano indeed sound like a carnival?)  Was I really and truly told assuredly that I was gay?  Did I really have an argument for what felt like hours with a fair-eyed girl who has severe trust issues and one fucked up gaydar?  despite the wedding ring and total pudgy married-guy look did I still come across as gay?  (my wife tells me that it can only be the broadway rendition of a billy joel song.  I begrudgingly concede)  Did I really hear someone who claimed to be a teacher misrepresent the very definition of a parallelogram?  Did she really say that a parallelogram could not have right angles?  Did I really scoff right at her and throw down the argument-crushing example of the square (QED biatch!)?  Evidently I did, because I do remember her backing me into a corner and beating my ass with a relentless barrage of haymakers, both rights and lefts, that left me bruised like a second-rate (albeit mathematically-savvy) prizefighter the next day.  Her-110 lbs at the very most, me twice that and then some on the most gravitationally-forgiving day, and I had no response but to cower in my own fucked-up rendition of the rope-a-dope.  Her: "flex your stomach so I can hit you." Me: "Are you joking?  that's me, flexing."  (#fat)  so I can tell you little to nothing about turf--I genuinely can't say for sure if that was the place we were at.  But since I asked right when I got there if I was allowed to yell, and the bartender said yes, yell to your heart's delight! I have to say four stars.  I would have said 5 but that looks really out of line with the rest of these reviews...
I have been to Turf twice now..   Once for breakfast .. I got your typical English breakfast, cant say it was the best ive ever had, or memorable for that matter, but it was alright. My bloody Mary was good, but I swear the second one only had half a shot of vodka in it.. and if im wrong I am sorry, but I could only taste Mary mix. As my friend put it, the bartender was a "charisma vacuum".. and yes, I didn't catch his name, but he wasn't cool at all. They had various sports teams playing on all the TV's, which is great if youre into that.   Second time I came I was with a group of extremely inebriated people.. and I FELL ASLEEP at the bar. I did not get kicked out, so 2 cool points for that.. I still cannot believe myself and how I got away with that I do not know. Either way, I remember a lot of weird shit going on, and everyone I saw, for the most part, was laughing.   I have nothing bad to say about Turf, but I also have nothing to rave about. If you're hungry or want a drink and are in this neighborhood, try it out for yourself, and try to stay awake. Its a little embarrassing when you don't.
Not bad, not bad!  Got here on a friday with an hour left of happy hour!  Sweet deal!  They have $3.50 well & $4 pints!!  Awesome for those of you that like to drink black and tan's or like a snakebite.  The little high top bar area had 2 tables open, so we squeezed them together and had plenty of room for us and those around us.  Our group ordered the mushrooms and zucchini, which I didn't try, but they said they liked.  I'm glad we stopped by this place, it was a great start before going back to Sens.  I will definitely go back for some real grub see how I like it.  Our server was great too, we had three rounds in the hour, PLUS she let us have separate tabs!  Not bad, not bad!
Great new semi downtown place. I love the area too. First let me say that the five stars is rare for me for anyone. If there was a 4.5 stars, I would have picked that one. Food: Much better than most "pub" fares, great Shepard's pie (my favorite). Fair price and quality food. Drink: Besides the Irish staples, they have a good selection of Single Malt Scotch. Service: A few faults as any place has with new employees. Overall good service. The level of service gets better as you are recognized as a return customer who appreciates what they have to offer. Music: Again spotty a few times but generally great. I have asked them to turn down the patio speakers so we could hear the live music being played inside. Local artists and traditional Irish bands. Ambiance: Modern Old Irish Pub. Yes that contradicts but you'll get over it -lol- It looks huge inside thanks to beautiful wall mirrors and wonderful murals. I like the stylish bathrooms with glass counter tops and a glass raised sink bowl. The bathroom mirror is tilted down which I'd never seen before. Patio: Hot nights. Cold beer. or Single Malt and hand rolled cigar. Take your pick. Extras: Fine liquor selection and many Irish beers. Cigars available at the bar for the patio.  Would recommend to anyone that likes good food and friendly people.
went here for breakfast, but ending up getting lunch. My dad and husband both ordered the Irish breakfast and I ordered the corned beef and cabbage boxty.  The boxty was good. way too much cabbage, but still decent.   I enjoyed the atmosphere of the place a lot. I think the decor is very nice and laid back.   The menu is your typical Irish fare and bar food. Good selection of beer and my server was very friendly and helpful.  I plan to go back and sample more food and definitley get a pint or two. I didn't get the chance to sit on their patio, but with the weather cooling off I look foward to hanging out and sipping a pint.
This place is just alright.  I came here this past Friday to meet up with a friend and distract me from the horrible date.  What I remember the most about this bar is my friend telling me I have to come over soon because Wee Man was hanging out there.  I missed Wee Man, but I was okay with that seeing as I just wanted to grab a drink.  I saddled up to my friend at the bar, and had no distinct impression about this place.  It seems like another nondescript Irish bar, along the lines of that Irish joint at Tempe Marketplace.  For some reason, it feels a little commercialized to me.  Anyways, I was excited to see my friend and catch up, but that proved impossible with the insanely loud live band.  And that live band was not good at all.  If you don't know Mary Jane's Last Dance, you are not a band in my book.  I could only hang for one Hoegaarden because that band was just that bad.  And foodwise, just expect the typical bar food with tons of fried eats.
One thing I miss as an East Coast transplant is a good fish fry.  Went there today with Jacqui and Dave.  Service was quick and friendly, but not overly so. The fish fry was perfect!  Not too much batter on the fish and it was perfectly crisp.  If you've ever had fried fish with so much batter that it doesn't all get cooked and you're left with soggy batter then you know what I'm talking about. Regular steak fries.  Great atmosphere. OH and they do comedy on Mondays.  I'll be performing Monday November 9th :}
I'm at Turf pretty often.  I never order food there.   On more than one occasion I have ordered Pizza Hut, walked across the street to pick it up, and proceeded to eat it while sitting on the Turf patio.  This, for me, is not a culinary destination.  Its my neighborhood bar.    The fact that they allow my friends to do things like bring in outside food (we have also brought in Pasta Bar...) is one of the reasons I love this place.  They are willing to turn an eye to all of my friends' ridiculous antics.  Jonie knows us and always takes care of us, whether it be by refilling our drinks without having to ask or turning on the DBacks game for us.  (She is by FAR the best bartender there).  The drinks are cheap and the bar stools are the most comfortable of all time.  During First Fridays its fun because it actually fills up with people and feels like a bar in some city with a thriving downtown.  Other Fridays you may just find my friends and I square dancing to whatever live band they have playing that week.  It all depends.  I don't think you can really go into Turf expecting it to be one way or another (Irish pub, sports bar, restaurant...) because it is whatever you want it to be.  It's a space to gather and catch up with friends, however you define that.    So if you are ever looking for me you can find me tucked into one of their bar stools drinking a rum and diet.
My date raves about this place.. he loves a hard cider that I had not tried til here called Strongbow.. Enroute to a dance performance downtown, we dodged into Turf for a hard cider and quick bite.. We never left! Fun place... casual.. good music (live folksy band).. and of course, awesome Strongbow cider... We shared the fish&chips.. being from a coastal/beach town in Cali, I cant say I loved the fish & chips.. but since all other things were awesome.. and I tend to like my boy .. Its still a 4 in my book..
Turf is a great neighborhood bar. If you like to go somewhere, sit outside on the patio, sip a Hoegaarden, and enjoy the complimentary WiFi, then this is your place. Here you'll find the typical pub-style food, and while satisfying for what it is, don't expect to be wow'ed over. That said, weekend brunch isn't that bad and the price is good.  During some evenings they have live music and the place becomes quite packed with patrons. As Turf lies within easy walking distance of the downtown ASU campus and the light rail, they are just as accessible as say Rula Bula is on Mill Ave in Tempe.  Overall, a great hang out neighborhood pub.
I came here on a Monday for comedy night and I loved it. The Turf isn't very authentic its more of a modern Irish pub. Everyone hanging out here was really friendly and the comedians were really funny.  We had a few drinks and shared the corned beef quesadilla. I had my doubts about the Irish/Mexican dish but it was actually pretty good. The servers were on point and never once corrected my cousin whenever he asked for a Carlsbad. I felt so at home here I can't wait to go back!
Just made our second trip to The Turf Pub last night and  we really like this place.  It has a clean modern feel to it, yet it maintains a relaxing neighborhood aura that we really like( and wish we had in our neighborhood!).  The color scheme, decor and the layout is super appealing and seems like it would be a great place for groups of friends to hang out.   Both our visits  found the place to be sparsely populated and had groups of friends dropping in and out.    Our waitress was quick to have the tv changed to the Suns game after we made our request and she checked on us often.  We enjoyed a couple of drinks. I had a Tullamore Dew and two Hoegaardens and the Mrs had her standard Capt. & Diet, along with a tasty order of wings.  I was reluctant to order them, but one of us is a wing fiend, so in order to stay in her good graces and all....next time we are doing fish & chips! :)  The Hoegaarden is now my favorite beer!  I am coming back just for that!  The wings were very tasty and as far as medium wings go they were perfectly spicy.   This isn't a sports bar and it is not going to make you think of a traditional pub, but it is a great place to really enjoy the company of others...hands down.  We will be back...and bringing friends.
Took a large group here last night, and it was pretty cool. As others have said, it's not your typical rough and rustic Irish Pub so if you want that, you're in the wrong place. We asked what the beers on tap included and most bars around here start by naming crappy domestics. Not The Turf. They don't carry those. Got drinks quickly and ordered food. Everything looked pretty good, so I had a fish sandwich, which definitely can be screwed up. This surely wasn't. It was almost not enough fish, but it was so yummy that didn't bother me. The waitress was just ok, but maybe she wasn't use to serving 15 people.  They have free WIFI, and that's always a plus for our group. Nice location, parking available, and good times.
We had a large group there this weekend for a friend's birthday celebration. I was quite surprised at how few people were there on a Saturday afternoon, but that was fine for us, we had over 20 people plus a few babies.  The staff was very friendly even though there were so many of us moving around and ordering food and drinks. The Buffalo Chicken Wrap was the perfect balance of spicy and cool. The fries are amazing. The boxty's are HUGE! The Grilled Cheese looked delicious too! You can add ham and/or tomato and they add the perfect amount of ham as to not overwhelm the cheese. MUST TRY: Quesadilla with corned beef and mustard!!!  The beer and wine were flowing for sure, there was a pretty good selection (mostly Irish, of course) and the prices were good too! Oh yeah, and Sofia split champagne cans for $5 - spectacular!  I'll be back for sure!
Been to Turf now three maybe four times. My reviews for each:  #SMUNCH: Basically a breakfast/lunch..brunch meetup. All I can say is that I didn't eat till late dinner. The meal was huge and very tasty. Lots to choose from and I had a great time. If you want a big meal and be filled with tasty food for morning wake up great stop. By the way if you want fish n' chips or other non- traditional breakfast.. they can and will do that. The only bad thing was they should of had more help in serving, we do bring a large group 20-30 so that many orders at one time can take time to distribute.  Special Happy Hours: Attended two of these, the specials were good although only on domestic beers. Sorry but while I am no where near a beer expert, I still know good beer. Pilsners and such, or basically anything but the US brands are what I drink. There is not much of that on the special. The drafts are a little limited. Then again it is am Irish pub, and sorry but I am not a Guinness person. The appetizers are ok, the wings are mighty spicy, I like hot wings, maybe its that I don;t like the vinegar hot.. the shrimp and calamari are the best part and the poppers are ok also. The appetizers are definitely made so that you will order more beverages.  The staff and servers are very nice folks. They will do their best to get you what you need. The owner is also a nice fellow and will accommodate your needs.   In the evening they have live music, I think it was alright. But then I don't tend to go out to listen to music but to chat with friends so the music gets in the way of that.
The Turf does a good job in some areas and falls flat in others. First, it isn't really an Irish pub, despite being billed as one. It's a nice urban place with an Irish theme. The space is large and well laid out, although I really don't like the high top chairs...they're just not that comfortable and there's too many of them. I wish most of the tables were lower, but with the half-height wall which separates part of the restaurant, lower tables wouldn't work.  The beer selection is great and I appreciate that. They don't stop at just the usual traditional Irish (Guinness, Harp, Bass).  I'll admit that I haven't had the fish and chips, so my review may be a little harsher than it could be. The only meal I've eaten at Turf is brunch, which was just OK. I had French toast with eggs and bacon. It wasn't bad, but wasn't much past a Denny's French toast slam. I know that brunch isn't necessarily their forte, but I think that if they're going to venture into the brunch arena, they need to offer something worth going for.  The service at Turf has usually been decent, although our brunch server seemed to not quite be up to the task. I was there with a large group (25+ people) and she seemed to be rather overwhelmed. Also, their only seemed to be one other server for the rest of the place while we were there. The reservation for the large group had been made nearly 2 weeks prior, so I have to question the management's ability to schedule staffing appropriately. If you know you have a group of 25 people coming in, you need to make sure you have enough staff and definitely make sure you have a server who can handle that many tables at once.  Overall, I think that The Turf does an adequate job at being a place to relax and have a beer. Their location close to ASU, light rail and other downtown attractions is great and I think that helps greatly. The free wifi also is a nice addition.  I'll still go to The Turf for drinks and I'll try the fish and chips sometime, but I'll stick to lunch and dinnertime visits.
Been there for lunch several times. Like the boxty, liked the fish and chips.  Don't like the corned beef/cabbage or the shepherds pie.  Like the location and the atmosphere.  Never been there at night so can't comment on the drinking experience. Interesting comfortable place for lunch and to chat.  Staff has always been prompt and friendly.  Won't blow you away or disappoint you.  Worth a try.
Before a Suns game.. we decide to head to Turf for a bit of pregame fatty grub and cider.. Hit the spot.. Do I love love this place.. umm no.. but my Mark does.. & it was one of our first dates.. So Ill have to always rate it high for sealing the deal:-)
So why am I a fan?  It's about a block from home, and they are open on Sundays, that's why.  Well not just that, I enjoy the fact that when I have been there it is not too over crowded (unless I need intense socialization I avoid most of these places on First Fridays).   Four Stars for Location, 3 stars for the food.  My friends and I stopped in for lunch on a Sunday.  The prices are fair for the quantity and quality.  My friends Club sandwich looked super yummy and he enjoyed it.  I had the fish and shrimp and another friend had the fish and chips.  Not bad and feed that hungover greasy craving.  The fish and shrimp were crispy and plentiful.  I have tried other things there, my favorite still have to be the seasoned waffle fries.  Yum!
I came in with the Sonoran Sounder Alliance to watch the Sounders and Red Bulls soccer game.  The tv was a bit small but they did give us the audio which was a very big plus.  They offer their beers in imperial pints which are nice you get an extra four ounces.  They are moderatly priced at $5.50.  I ordered the shrimp and vegetable boxty from a recommendation of our server.  It was very interesting as I've never had a boxty before.  The vegetables were thick cut and very fresh.  The shrimp were cooked well and the white wine sauce was very good.  There is a potato pancake on top of all this which was very good.  Overall we had a good experience even though our team didn't give us the result we were looking for.  Hopefully we will be back for future games here.
The first warning sign should have been the fact that this place was practically dead at 9 pm on a Saturday night. From previous Yelpers, I was prepared for the complete and total lack of authenticity for a so-called Irish pub... but I was not prepared for cold food and having to constantly fend off the drunk and/or homeless people who unabashedly walk right up to the table and brazenly harass you or ask for your leftovers. Some may find this kitschy. I do not.   Really, this place deserves less than one star. It gets a quarter-star for our poor server, who seemed sweet and somewhat embarrassed about the goings-on. It gets another quarter-star for the seasoned waffle fries, which were probably totally delicious when they were hot.  Bleh.
Frist let me start by complaining--They need more shade and misters, this is Phoenix after all! We ride bikes [bicycles] and we take our spoiled thirteen year old dog so we know and love all dog friendly places. We hit the Turf every weekend and just have a grand ol time. When they have the flavored cream for the Irish coffee look out!   Just had breakfast this morning and it was great. Great service, good price, and there is never a wait,[you can see those herding types up the street at matt,s]. Did I mention GREAT service!  If you're dogless the indoors is always cool, clean, dark,and not crowded. We don't do the late night scene so that is why I say it's not crowded.
We stopped in for breakfast today before shopping the PHoenix Public Market.  Nice breakfast selection and their whole menu is also available.  In our party we have the pancakes which were light and fluffy, the French toast (6 generous slices), a combo with eggs, and a Turnkey wrap.   It has a nice shaded patio in the AM that was very pleasant.  Other plusses  - it is a big place and there in no waiting  - it is close to the light rail - it is 50 yeards from the public market  Will have to go back for a beer and to try the corned beef quesadillas (Irish/Mexican fusion?) - it looks like a great pub!
I stopped in this afternoon during happy hour. It looked like a nice place with happy hour. I ordered my usual well drink; whiskey and 7. It took the barmaid a moment to first realize I set down and then to remember I ordered a drink and what it was.   I ordered a half price happy hour appetizer; Calamari, without questions. It came out fast! it was hot, delicate, fresh tasting and mostly rings with a few tentacles. The plate was cute, the garnish of old lettuce about a tablespoon of it not so cute. Served with a nice wedge of lemon and unfortunately cocktail sauce. To my surprise the cocktail sauce wasn't so bad, but I'm use to calamari with a different type dipping sauce. Still the Calamari was so good that a little lemon did it well enough. The portion size is good at $3.50 but not so good at the full price of $6.95   As others mentioned the staff is lacking personality, they weren't so busy on this Monday. I would expect a warmer greeting even a little acknowledgment when you sit at the bar from the other bartenders behind the bar, but nope of the 5 people working the bar and accessing the bar and stocking it none was as polite enough to say a hello! That's awful customer service!   Anyhow I looked over the menu and it looks rather good, they even offer 2 kids meals. And like I said the calamari was good. They also have a good selection of scotches and whiskey, that one seldom sees outside an Irish pubs, so i guess that's what makes it an Irish place along with a few menu selections. I also liked the layout of the place and the dark color scheme. I think that if the staff had personality and manners it could be a destination stop. So with that said as much as I would like to be fan, I'm limited to saying it's an OK place.
Overpriced drinks and uninspired bar food fare with the added bonus of crummy service from a generally dim and lazy staff. I've been to this place about half a dozen times, and it's always the same, so they get one star for consistency. The most recent and final visit had us wait 45 minutes before the waitress took our lunch order. In the meantime I left my friends, walked across the street to Pizza Hut, bought a pie, and brought back to my still-waiting friends. We were asked to leave, which was the best part of the visit. If you're looking for a good Irish pub, try Seamus McCaffery's on Monroe St. It's not great, but definitely better than Turf.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits): 8 Food 8 Service 7 Atmosphere 8 Value  This place does not inspire me - but she gets the job done.  I don't particularly care for the decor (George & Dragon is the superior British/Irish ambiance between the two) and the patio is often too smoky to enjoy, but the food is solid.  That's not to say that it entirely stays true to the Irish theme, because it doesn't, but what I've had has been tasty (which is pretty much just the chicken boxty and the chicken pot pie so far).  Walking in the door doesn't really feel very inviting though - i think it has to do with the angle of the bar and immediate openness of the resto, combined with bartenders and waitstaff that seems to not be very good at greetings - though they are not at all unfriendly, just seemingly distracted.  So basically, i come in here to mix it up when I don't want to wander far from home, but it's not something I often look forward to the way I do PastaBar, Breadfruit, or Cibo.
If I could review the food, atmosphere, and bar as different entities, here is what I would give them:  Food:  1 star (standard bar food that is not great-never eat the breakfast)  Atmosphere  3 stars (pretty decent, but the live music is too loud)  Bar:  4 stars (good prices, great fun, nice outdoor patio, really hoppin' on First Fridays)
[Food/Ambiance 3 stars plus 1 for proximity]  I don't go here strictly for the food. Don't get me wrong it is good, the seasoned waffle fries alone are worth 5 stars. But I come here when I need to unwind and have a drink or 3 or a quick casual no frills bite to eat. This is my bar of choice in the neighborhood.   The whole place has some feng shui issues but the clean openness is better than being hot and crowded in it's brother bar Seamus. Don't go in expecting an "authentic" Irish pub experience. This is Seamus and Rosie's dapper younger brother.   I enjoy going during the week and if Tyler is working the bar I know it is going to be a good night. He offers some interesting suggestions on drinks and I'm always down to try something new.
Awesome corned beef and waffle fried are to die for! Great service all four times we have eaten here...all around cool place to watch the game and grab a bite to eat.
If you are looking for a bar in the area then I would highly suggest heading 1 mile south of The Turf to Seamus McCaffreys. Funny thing is it is actually owned by the same people but unfortunately The Turf is under extreme need of new management.   Cons (Listed first because they should be strongly considered):  -You have to wait foreevvveeerrrrr to get a menu, etc.  -Everything is overpriced, everything.  -The food taste like their isn't one fresh ingredient but rather, it has been in the back of the freezer waiting for you to order up!  -The beer has been flat at times! Not cool when your paying over $5 a draft.  -After giving them chance after chance, they still cant get it right.   Pros:  -The furnishings are nice for an Irish pub but are a waste of money until they improve the service.  -The only reason I gave two stars and the only reason I would ever slightly recommend this place is because they do make a good grilled cheese. But lets be honest, that's not the hardest thing in the world to do.
Cold beer, good food in a relaxed Irish atmosphere.
Went here for Sunday breakfast  since Matt's was overly crowded.  We had the Traditional Irish Breakfast, which consists of 3 fried eggs, a rasher, some sausages, black and white pudding, a fried tomato and spuds. Side of soda bread. It was very good, but the puddings tasted more like sausages instead of how they normally should taste. I'm not that convinced that my rasher wasn't canadian bacon either. The rashers I've had aren't that round... But the coffee was strong and good. I will definitely have this again (I still dont' understand why no Irish Pub/restaurant in this town knows how to make decent soda bread, it's really not that hard. )  The many comments here about how this doesn't look like a "real Irish Pub" really made me chuckle. What they probably mean is that it doesn't look like an Americanized Irish Pub. This place looks like 80 percent of the Restaurant Pubs I visit in Ireland. Maybe if they played the Quiet Man in the background and had Tom Cruise behind the bar doing his best Irish accent, it would make more folks feel "at home."
Hurry happy hour ends at 7!  Great food and drinks!!!  design your own imperial black/tan... i MADE a Guiness/Kiltlifter....YUMMY.  Best Seared Ahi Tuna I have had to date...
As a midway point between the Southern and Northern stops along Saturday's Downtown Pub Crawl route, Turf enjoyed consistent traffic and was well-prepared for the waves of drinkers coming in and out of the door.   As an event organizer I was more interested in the experience of the Pub Crawlers than my own and by those perimeters Turf did very well but I will offer up some constructive criticism:  1. Music. On a night like Saturday nobody is interested in Local Singer Songwriter Guy; get a jukebox and give the people high-energy music they're familiar with. If you want to keep the Irish theme, mix in some Flogging Molly, The Pogues, Dropkick Murphys, Swell Season or, I don't know, U2.  2. Smile. Nobody likes a crabby bartender much less three crabby bartenders.   3. Bathrooms. Turf's sister pub Seamus McCaffrey's had cleaner bathrooms on Saturday and if that's not an indictment I don't know what is.  Overall Turf is a very nice drinking destination that makes a decent plate of fish n' chips. If you're making the rounds in Downtown Phoenix you should check 'em out.
My coworker and I were looking for a place for lunch near downtown...We didn't want Mexican or anything Asian, so we headed for the Turf.  I ordered the grilled shrimp skewers.  I opted for fries instead of veggies since I hate broccoli.  I feel fortunate for substituting the fries, because that was the only decent part of my meal.  My shrimp came out huge, but overcooked and without any flavor whatsoever.  I rarely, and I mean rarely, add salt to anything, and the shrimp is one of those things.  I didn't eat the mashed potatoes, because it had gravy (ick), and the salad would have been good if the Italian dressing didn't taste so bad.  The waitress didn't seem to remember anything we told her and had to ask what kind of fries we wanted several times.  Maybe if we would have come here for something to drink instead of lunch, it would have been better.  I will not be back to eat.
* Now that the weather has cooled here in AZ, I can look back on the Roasting HeatFest that was summer and comment on some of the more enjoyable moments... *  It is Saturday afternoon.  It is hot.  There is time before the Dbacks game.  Where should we go?  Hey, how 'bout the Turf!?  And so starts the afternoon/evening in Phoenix...  I am an Irish girl, and have a soft spot in my heart for Irish pubs.  The first time I visited the Turf (randomly in the morning after a HUGE breakfast... too early to do any real damage) I knew I wanted to come back.  First off, we were able to secure a great parking spot right around the corner and in the shade, too.  Score!  Be aware that the parking spaces are metered, so bring quarters and keep an eye on the time.  Nobody likes a parking ticket (no, I didn't get one).  The Turf has two things near and dear to my heart.  Comfortable bar stools and purse hooks.  Oh, and the fact that the staff is friendly, the prices are fair and the food is good doesn't hurt, either.  Boddington's on tap?  Why yes!  Those were paired with fish & chips with steak fries (to which the vinegar was liberally applied).  For some reason the bartender ended up with an 'extra' Hoegaarden that he gave to us as well (nice!).  Too bad the Turf Bar isn't closer to my corner of the world - I think it would be a fun place for Happy Hour.  Well, there is always next baseball season!
I like Turf's atmosphere...the dim lighting, big booths, wide open bar.  The service is always good, too.  The problem?  The food is generally mediocre...most of the items I've eaten were too salty.  They do have waffle fries, though, which are delicious.  I still come here fairly regularly, but it is a fall back, not a primary.
I was introduced to The Turf last year by a friend of mine who used to work in the area. I recently blazed in on a cross-country flight and was in desperate need of some food and drink. Downtown Phoenix seems to roll up its sidewalks at night, but thankfully The Turf's kitchen is open until 11. I've enjoyed a number of their sandwiches and found them to all be pretty good - granted, how hard is it to screw up a grilled chicken breast or reuben? No one's lying about the waffle fries. They're awesome. The imperial pints they serve felt a bit on the pricey side. A fellow diner who represented herself as quite the Irish pub connoisseur claimed that the Irish whiskey selection was outstanding. She seemed to know what she was talking about, and promptly ordered an expensive one, so I'm inclined to believe her.
First Off, love the shaded patio. Saturday mornings getting to people watch. Then the mimosas, the breakfasts, and the service and you have a fine morning indeed!!!!  The traditional breakfast is great, have to try the soda bread and stewed tomatoes. Don't forget the Bloody Marys.
Not impressed at all.  Went there yesterday (a Friday) with my wife and some friends of hers from work.  The placed wasn't packed yet at all as it was only 5:00 when we all got there.  Service was very slow for getting drinks but reasonable for food that was ordered.    Many apps were ordered including wings, mushrooms, zucchini, chicken strips and the reuben dip.  Reuben dip was pretty good.  My wife ordered the fish and chips which was good.  Reason I gave this two stars is because I ordered the one thing that should be perfect in ANY Irish place.  The Shepard's Pie.  Hands down the WORST I've ever had.  Can't believe a chef in an Irish restaurant would send that out.
Turf is good. Not really a place to bring to impress the hell out of people. Good though. It always works as an "I don't know where I want to go to eat...I'll just hit Turf." They recently added Off-Track-Betting. We'll see how that expresses itself !  Great Whiskey selection!   Servers have always been pretty friendly.   I've had their Chicken Parmigiana, its good.  Fries are excellent!
Awesome bloody marys by Kat at 8am...yeah..
"AY! HAAAAYYYYYYYY!! DUUUUDE. Where arrr youuu maaan! come to Turf me an Anthoneee are draaankin!" my brother slurred into the telephone.  "what? where are you?" I said confused and mildly entertained.    "TURFFFF!" he replied overly enthusiastically "We been drinkin' all morning duuude!" ensuing giggles and faint slurred speech is heard through the receiver as he and Anthony chortle with one another and assumedly forget they were on the phone.  "Hello?....uhh Hello?" I respond after a few moments ignored on the opposite end.   "HEY YO BOB!!!" a sloppy sounding anthony gargles into the phone, "Wherrre arrr yoo's! gedduh fugg down heer!"    "YEAYUH GET DOWN HERE!!" Justin echoes beamingly from the background.     I exhale a deep sigh, realizing how much liquor I'm gonna need to tolerate their company, "Dude, it's like 3 in the afternoon, you guys sound trashed..." I half heartedly say, to which they respond with giggling and more entreaties for my presence, "Okay I'll be there in 15."    When I stepped foot inside the Turf Bar, after enjoying a leisurely bikeride in the winter sunshine, I spot Justin and Anthony bellied up to the bar. They were unmistakable, and belligerently drunk, after a morning spent in various Irish bars in the downtown area. I cautiously walk over to them surveying the interior- mostly deserted except for a bemused barkeep and a few disinterested patrons enjoying a beer battered brunch of some sort. I strolled up behind them removing my wayfarers and smile, as I clasped their shoulders, they greeted me with the vivacity that only an overtly imbibed brother and good friend can. I could smell the stale reek of alcohol on them from a few feet away.   What followed was far too many rounds of liquor, and beer that could've pleased Andre the giant. We were warned by the bar tender to ease up on the profanity, my brother forgot to tip him, and Anthony rode on my bike handel bars most of the way home until Justin leapt at him T-boning the bike and flinging him onto the ground, they both laughed till they were red in the face. All in all I have to thank the Turf Bar for an interesting sunday afternoon that ended in my brother and his friend passed out on my front lawn and a brand new pair of my clothes with permanent grass and mud stains on them after angrily wrestling my brother into submission.
The Turf is a decent bar that calls itself an Irish pub.     The place is clean, has great selection of food and drink, and the service has always been more than adequate.  It is dark and cool inside.  After walking from the light rail to it, I ordered a Guinness, which tasted better than Guinness at most bars.  Today I had a BLT, which was fine, but their Irish food and seafoods are much better.  The appetizers are half price at happy hour, they weren't playing Irish music on the stereo, and that is enough to get me to return in the future.
Dark, cool, comfy, and serving up some of the best fish-and-chips I've had in the Valley. Guinness with a shamrock on top. A good place to wait out the hottest part of the afternoon.   It probably isn't an "authentic" Irish pub, but that doesn't keep it from being a good experience.  Oh, and they serve breakfast, too!
I really like The Turf. I would love to love it, but there is nothing that outstanding or memorable to make me do so.  The food is good. I like the menu and diversity of it. It's clean, somewhat hip though has the "I have seen this before" look.  Prices are average, drink menu and selection is average, and service is average.  Certainly a place I like to come to for a drink and some lunch or dinner. There is a small patio out front, a large dining area with booths and tables. TV's, live music at times, and a comfortable crowd.  I really wish I had more to say. It's just "average". Not anything overly memorable. Just a place to hit if in the area and you will probably have a nice experience.  Yawn.
Okay, to be fair, the two-star rating is based on a single visit to The Turf (no longer Turf Accountant, because that made no damn sense anyway). If it had been a better night, I would have given three, maybe even four stars.   The food was okay; better than average bar food, not as good as a restaurant that's really trying. We got a boxty, which was just a pile of veggies in white gravy under a potato pancake thing; kind of tasty, but weird. The salad wasn't bad. The chicken strips were average at best. The beer was good, the atmosphere was exactly what an Irish bar should be, the band was REALLY good.  However.  We got their around 9 on First Friday. It wasn't as busy as I'd feared; we were seated right away, placed our order. Then we waited. For almost an hour. I saw food coming out at a steady pace from the kitchen; I assumed they were just backed up from the First Friday crowd.  Our waiter came around to check on us again, and I finally mentioned that we were getting awfully hungry.  His response, and I swear to God I'm not making this up:  "Oh, did you order food?"  I blinked at him, and focused on not killing him with my pint glass. Through clenched teeth I said slowly, "Yes. We did. A lot of it."   He ran back to the register and put our order in, and our food came out within minutes. I don't know what brain surgery procedure he was prematurely released from, but HOW THE HELL DO YOU FORGET TO PUT IN AN ORDER FOR AN ENTIRE TABLE?   Yes, it was only one mistake, by one person and not the entire restaurant, but it was a pretty fucking huge mistake. If the rest of the experience had been much over average, I might go back. But it wasn't. So I won't.
What a snazzy little joint.  On a recent night out I found myself at The Turf.  The ambiance was great, with plenty of dark wood and metal.  The food that I sampled was quite tasty, though I admit ti sticking with standard bar fare.  The menu had tons of interesting options, enough for me to consider coming back to sample.  The Turf also boasts an excellent liquor list as well!  The bourbon list alone was drool inducing.  I'm not really up to speed on downtown nightlife, but The Turf will always be an option as a place to pass the night.
Came here for happy hour before the Giants vs. D-back game. The prices were great= $4 for a 20oz beer and 1/2 off apps. We also shared the shrimp & fish dinner which came with chips ( we substituted waffle fries which were out of this world!). It was amazing and a great portion. I think it was only $9 and change. Our server was great too, quick and pleasant- she brought the check quickly so we could rush over to Chase Field.   We were even welcomed decked out in our Giants' gear :)  Will definitely be hitting up happy hour here again soon!
Love this place for HH. I am not even sure of the specials, but the beer is cold, service is prompt, and they always get our checks right, even with big parties!
This is a tough one.... easily 3.5 stars if there was such a rating, but the fact is that the food is really mediocre for Irish -- quite comparable to the two McCaffrey pubs. That said, it's a great place to grab a drink, better than Rosie's or Seamus'. Ambiance is great, service is pretty good, and they have a great selection of whiskeys and beers.... but the food keeps dragging me back to 3 stars. This place could very easily grow on me, though, after a few more visits.
We have been here a few times for drinks and more recently for the fish and chips. It was good and I loved the fact that they allowed my dog and I to sit on the patio. A huge plus!! The service is good and friendly.
The Turf is one of those places that for me is not great but not bad either. In terms of atmosphere it is probably one of the nicest Irish places in Phoenix. They have live music some nights of the week so it's a nice place to hang out. Their food is good, again not great but they have an interesting menu with some more traditional Irish fare so this is a good alternative to other Irish places that call themselves Irish because they serve Guinness and have Notre Dame banners on the wall (much like Outback Steakhouse calls themself Australian because they have Foster's posters and Boomerangs on the wall....don't get me STARTED on that!!!) The service is always friendly but a bit slow so that, and because the food is not stellar is why I'm giving three stars. That is not a reason however to not check this place out. It is a great place for drinks and some munchies afterwork and the atmosphere makes it a great alternative to some of the other downtown watering holes.
Introducing the attitude of an Irish pub with the atmosphere of a nice lounge.  Classy. Or as classy as I can be when I'm pretty buzzed* and yelling at the Giants/49ers game. I wasn't going for either team, so I just laughed at everyone else getting fired up.   *But not buzzed enough to ignore some of the cooler features, like the projector showing games on the opposite side of the bar, the cool modern sink in the restroom, the extensive liquor selection, or the freaking delicious chocolate cake I had with my IPA. Staff was very personable...in overtime, they were right there watching the game with us, in suspense. Fun times. It's a really nice bar, and I'll be back for actual food.
It's okay.  The food isn't even remotely Irish.  They can do better.
Great happy hour and a too die for ruben dip appetizer that I wanted to beg the chef to give to me. (although I didn't I believe I can re-create it just  fine and maybe even tweak it a bit) The waitress (who's name escapes me right now) was fabulous and did I mention they have a kick ass happy hour. On Wednesday happy hour is pretty much all evening so double score! I will definitely be back to visit them again soon even if it is just for some of that tasty ruben dip!
We put our name on the long list for Matt's Big Breakfast and headed out to get a cup of coffee. The coffee shop at the grocery store across the street was closed on Sunday so we ended up here. The coffee was great and the menu for breakfast looked good, plus I was starved.   I am so glad we stumbled on this place! We got the Irish Fry Breakfast and a side of pancakes. It was spot on. Having had an actual fry breakfast in Ireland this really was good. The black and white pudding was stellar and I wanted more. The soda bread was yummy and the pancakes were really solid. The meats were really good and everything was perfectly cooked.   Was I upset that we missed out on Matt's? Not really. I would definitely choose this place over Matt's again. I don't feel guilty (even though I know we'd hurt Irenia's feelings) because when we walked back by our name was still yet to be called and the same tourists were waiting outside.   Suckers.
Great Irish spot - the boxty is great and so is the dessert!  Also go here when I'm in PHX.
We negotiated drink specials for a group of 30 + and they reneged when we arrived.  Best of all the manager was not able to talk to us because he was too busy. Yeah, too busy because we just tripled the occupancy of your bar.  Also,  we asked to put on espn and we were told it would take 10 minutes to change the channel.  Haha!  Probably not a bad place to visit if its not crowded, which should not be a problem.
great bar with great food at very reasonable prices!  the bartenders and service are excellent!  they are very conscientious as well and willl cut you off if you appear as if you have been hitting the sauce too hard.  they pour excellent drinks here and are very committed to customer service!  always a nice, down-to-earth crowd every time I come in here as well.
Nice to have another Irish pub downtown!  Nice decor, convenient location and good beer.
Every neighborhood needs an Irish pub, right?!!!!  Turf is a solid 3.5 stars.  Nice choice of pints on draught and everyone needs a Black & Tan from time to time.  Always a lively environment and they had a good house band the night before St Patty's day.  Have only eaten once and tried Boxty for the first time. It was a good hearty meal and they have a dog friendly patio.  They also have off track betting...hence the name...which makes for a lively environment when the races are on.  Have always had friendly service even when we're the loudest people in the place.  Slainte!
Love love love.. for class class class.. had a great live band and a quite patio outside. Good drink prices and from what I could tell I can't wait to go back to try the food.. bartenders were awesome.. great atmosphere for date night.. I will be back
I visited Phoenix for a conference over Memorial Day Weekend 2012. My friend & I were looking for breakfast, and we heard of a breakfast restaurant in the neighborhood. There was a line out the door, and we were too hungry to wait. Therefore, we stumbled into The Turf after we noticed a banner outside advertising an Irish breakfast! The plates of food were huge, and I had two eggs over easy, two slices of toasted Irish soda bread, fried potatoes, tomatoes, black & white pudding (blood sausage), sausage links, & some sort of ham. My friend is Muslim, and the server offered her several alternatives to the pork products so she could also enjoy the Irish breakfast. She opted for the Irish oatmeal, which she raved about. The food and service were great; the environment was good, and there was no wait! Don't settle for that same old American style breakfast next weekend. Try The Turf's Irish breakfast! You won't regret it!
I've been to this bar before and was neither impressed nor turned off. It did it's job, and I was fine with that.  I ventured back today with a friend for some breakfast and drinks. I was very excited about this breakfast concept, as I was not aware that they served breakfast. Well, we missed breakfast (our fault!) and decided to stay and get some lunch. I got a turkey wrap with coleslaw and it was delicious (which is always a huge relief with regard to bar food in general, for me). The beers were perfectly fine, as always. You can't really go wrong there.  What makes this place a go-to for me is the relaxed, yet helpful service. They're not going to hover over you, yet they come around enough to get you what you need when you need it. And actually before you need it. They seem to work as a team, too, because I'm fairly positive we had at least 3 people serving us. Normally this would be annoying to me, but they were all so helpful and friendly that it just helped to add to the good company I was there with. I haven't been a regular patron of this bar, but I'm thinking it's about time to step it up a notch.
Are you serious?! OTB! Great place just got better. Plus, Sarah totally took care of us! Great gal! Wish thru still had Hoegaarden on tap, but can't have everything...
Came for the Irish breakfast and couldnt even finish it because it was so terrible.  The food had an after taste like it was being held in steam pans that had old, gross tap water.  Only finished the soda bread, everything else was unbearable.  Drinks were good- black and tan and an irish coffee (nice and strong)
Average. Nothing stood out. Food was okay, nothing to drive out of the way for (fish n chips- that were NOT traditional English chips but steak fries- patty melt).  Drinks were good but you really can't mess up a Kiltlifter. Service was average. Never asked one of us for a refill so that was disappointing. Just so average if it wasn't for my company I wouldn't remember it.
First time, live down the street and decided to stop in for a beer.  The comdedian on Monday nights was talking about carrying weapons and how funny that is.  The bartender was dressed in a tie, but don't let it fool you, he's not polite.  At one point, he was threatening me with violence to leave the establishment.  No reason.  But beware, this place feels creepy and sketchy.  The beer was okay, but a bit over priced and less than I would expect from a gambling establishment.  My take on the place, there is no way I would cross their threshold again.
Great litle Irish pub in downtown. Always a nice atmosphere, great drinks and good food.
Turf is a neat little Irish pub. The food is decent, the employees are nice, and they have some good beers on tap. I wouldn't say that anything here is necessarily outstanding, but I always enjoy myself here. It's a good place to watch a sports game (so I've been told by others) or chill with friends over a few pints. It's never too busy and it's open late, so it's always convenient if other plans fall through.
The atmosphere was great! The service was extremely Slow for a First Friday night!! They had only 2 servers and a full house! Got my meal -  Ahi Tuna sandwhich and half the sandwhich was missing the tuna! Very disappointed. Posted a pic but it was deleted!
I am a fan for one reason, not that there aren't plenty of other reasons to be a fan but one and only one caught my eye and will bring me back many many times.....  They have the largest wine glasses ever! I couldn't get over it, I said, "Now, that is a glass of wine!" Not only that but the bartender was great about helping me find a glass of something I would like. He let me try a couple, which was awesome since the first selection I didn't like at all. Very accommodating, knowledgeable and friendly.   Thank you bar man!
I have nothing but love for The Turf.  This is one of those places where the servers/bartenders are one of the reasons that keep you coming back.  I recently celebrated my birthday, there, and two of the girls gave me a gratis piece of cake with relight candles shoved in (Which was a fun surprise when I couldn't blow them out haha). Honestly, I wasn't expecting much of anything for my birthday, there, but that extra little something was very much appreciated.  Additionally -   They're in a perfect location downtown, and right next to a convenient parking lot (hard to come by around the area) and the restaurant has the perfect mix of : High tops, low tops, booths and a bar seating area. Hell, they even have a patio to boot.   Live music on weekends is fun as well.  Le sigh...good ole Turf, like your favorite sweater...
How do you mess up a burger?    I visited The Turf for lunch last Sunday, and was very disappointed.  Among the three of us eating, two of us had less than desirable meals.  We started with Bloody Mary's which were just OK, if you are a bartender PLEASE learn to make a Bloody Mary.  There is nothing worse than a bad bloody.  Food came out after a substantial wait which was odd because there was maybe 5 tables of people.  My veggie botxy (Irish potato pancake) was tasteless and blah.  My friend who ordered the burger said it was not very good and he would be stopping at In N Out later in the day.  His waffle fries were great.  My other friend ordered the eggs and toast which he said were good.  After about a 15  wait for our bill we paid the $40 tab and left.  Not too bad when you figure we had two cocktails, but still a little steep for an unimpressive lunch and okay Blood Mary.  I may be back for a beer but not to eat.
I went to Turf this weekend as part of Erin B's bachelorette party and the London Bus pub crawl. I must say, I probably did not get a true to life representation of the bar. Apparently, the bar tender was not informed that the bus would be coming there that night and was, therefore, unprepared for the mob of people who swarmed the bar. Service was very very slow, but you could tell the bartender was busting his balls to get the job done. All I had time to drink was one Irish car bomb....really can't go wrong with that, and, as expected, it was good. This place is approximately 2 blocks from my apartment, so I will have to try it again sometime.
The bartender was a douchebag. I came with a large group for a London bus crawl tour so it WAS busy but this jerk looked directly at me twice and served the people on each side of me and never took my order. I moved to the other side of the bar and the same thing happened.  This was over the course of 30 MINUTES. THEN he had the nerve to tell me to get out when i called him out on his very poor service.  When I came back to take his picture to post to Yelp (which is in my comment in the "Tips" section), he asked why I was taking his picture.  When I explained my intention of posting it on Yelp he again told me to get out.  Fortunately, this crapshoot of a place only had ONE bartender and ONE server on a SATURDAY night, so he couldn't do anything other than direct me to leave.
If you go to "tips" you see another of my reviews of this same place.  Troy D., who calls my review "stupid," also works at Turf as a bartender.  So as you can see, more than one of their staff at this place put the customer first...
pretty cool little joint.  Very friendly staff and food was decent enough for a return.
I really enjoyed this place.  Parking is rough, especially on a school night, but after 5 the meters are free.  Worth the block or 2 walk.  Came for a happy hour with friends.  We had the chicken quesadillas, which were pretty darn good for it being an Irish bar.  Food and drink (Harp, yum) were 1/2 price for Happy Hour.    Good atmosphere, not overly loud so I was able to chat with my friends,
Dropped in for a beer while waiting for a nearby restaurant to open up. It was tasty and the place large. Why is it Irish Pubs always seem to have  haranguing barkeeps? We weren't interested in her growling issues.  Liked the homey feel of the place and the pub seemed authentic vs. strip mall Irish Pubesque.
I walk in to get seated, and it took about 15 minutes for the waitress to get our drink order.  I ordered chicken wings...an hour later (no joke, literally an hour), the wings came out and i ate 4 of them. My friend told me to look down on my plate. As i look down, it looked like the chicken had been murdered, yes, they were bloody and raw. Im not saying I wasn't a dumb@$$ for not looking at chicken while i eat it, but damn. I told the waitress and she took them off the bill, a small compensation for what ensued later that night. About 5 hours later, i get home from work, and i start crapping and puking simultaneiously. This went on for 8 hours. I called the doctor to see if im going to die, he said possibly... and to keep slamming water. So i did, i kept myself awake out of fear of death in my sleep by dehydration. So all in all, if you're looking to lose some lbs by crapping out your intestines and other non important organs, Turf is the place to be.
Drawn to The Turf by the pheromonic thought of people talking techie in both my ears, I found a bar and eatery I'd taken pics of last year. I'd loved the iconic murals covering the front elevation of the building.  Wednesday evening I got to go inside.  There was live music in the northwest corner.  A man was onstage, filling the room with what became a vast repertoire of tunes.  My favorite was a very quiet improv bit of blue jazz about the tip jar being empty on the stage.  He was accompanied by a percussionist.  The music was good and loud, making the outside seating the best place for a schmooze-a-rama.    It's called "The Turf" because there's an off-track-betting booth next to the main entrance, race of the moment playing on the big flat panel above the cage.  If you've got a gambling problem, a betting desk and giant beautiful bar serving everything might slap more misery up the side of your head than you'd care to experience.    Guinness is served.         I didn't try the food.  Pick parking carefully.  That probably empty ASU lot immediately North of The Turf has a large complex machine demanding it be fed so your wheels can stay where you parked them.  Enforcement is serious in this lot, even after six PM.  Someone mentioned some free space marked just for The Turf.  Find it.
Been there a couple times and the bartender's are never usually, at all nice.  A simple "hello" with a smile makes anyone feel good.  These people never heard such a thing.
Too bad my 200th review is for this place.  Typical American "Irish" bar. The music selection was good but not right for the environment. Service wasn't attentive. My booth seat was caving in around me. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting. A very small whiskey cranberry was $7.  Bottom line, I won't be back.
I stopped in here late in the afternoon with the boss man. I had the caesar salad and an iced tea. Not expecting much, I wasn't disappointed. The tea was good and the salad was a surpisingly large portion. The only complaint was the semi-average service. We ate and talked for about 45 minutes and only saw our waitress twice. At the rate I drink iced tea, that doesn't work for me. I probably won't be back but that's mostly due to the fact I don't drink....
A handful of us stopped here to watch the UEFA Champions League Final, and all were disappointed. It is a poorly dressed-up dive bar. Poor food, poor service, and a passable interior environment - except the restrooms, which both had standing water/mysterious liquid. Luckily it is an OTB as well, which served as a distraction to most everything else. The OTB and Guiness poured correctly are the only factors keeping this place from one star.
My favorite neighborhood watering hole.  Food has greatly improved over the two years I've been coming here.  Great service.
Neat little gem of a place.   Wait. Little isn't the right word.  The inside has copious amounts of seating. In addition to the traditional style bar there are high back booths. A perfect retreat as the summer heat wave cooks everyone outside.   There is an outdoor patio area which is dog friendly.  The seats aren't the most comfortable (wrought iron) but will do.   The only ding I would give is on the service. Maybe it was the time of day we went (Saturday night, 10ish) but it was really hard to get anyone to serve drinks outside. I say that this is odd as all the guests were outside. There wasn't anyone inside...so..well. Eh.
If you want drunk food or hangover food, this is the place for you. We looked this place up on other websites and it looked REALLY good. And as we are Europeans living American bodies we like a traditional Irish fair. The boxty isn't really a boxty. It was a plate of wet cold cabbage with a little bit of corn beef completely covered in a mashed tater paddy.   A lot of other reviews commented on the looks of the waitresses... I don't go somewhere looking for hot waitresses. It doesn't hurt if they're hot, but if not I don't hold it against the restaurant. She was at least nice.  What I will say about the staffing is that it was almost non-existent. There was only one girl for the whole restaurant at lunch time. She was serving and busing tables. The only table available when we got there hadn't been cleared from last patrons so that was a little gross. The Bloody Mary and Irish Coffee were both strong but lacking in the correct flavors. The Black & Tan was more like Flat & Bland.  We didn't have any homeless or deviants approach our table while we were outside, but an apparent regular customer did come up and harass us from over the fence.  The only other turn off was the selection of the Best of Kid Rock for ambient music.  I'm not yet dissuaded from returning. It seems like there could be hope for this place and that we just got there on an off sort of day.
These are the types of places I love to go into and enjoy when I'm downtown and there needs to be more just like it!  While my friend and I only went in here for a tasty cold beverage while waiting for Pomo to open for the evening next door, we still quite enjoyed ourselves as we sat at the bar and talked with the bartender.  I do wish they had way more options on tap though...Blue Moon was the only Hefe?...blech!  My friend quite loved her chocolate martini though and practically licked the glass clean (don't kill me for saying that Mary).  Apparently they have a really good breakfast, so it would be pretty nice to come back and try some of the food.
I found myself here at the end of a inebriated first friday night, my neighbor pointed me here.   So this review will most definitely be updated in the coming days\weeks when I make a sober, legitimate return appearance.   But I do remember hanging out on the patio, enjoying a few beers and the misters, I remember becoming extremely hungry at one point and I ordered a plate of Mozzarella sticks. WOW they were good, again I was under the influence, but honestly they were amazing.   Going to check back in here shortly and update this review.
This place was fantastic. My girlfriend and I stopped in here yesterday after walking around downtown for quite awhile. One of the best Irish Pub's I've been to in the valley. Had a great, friendly atmosphere with plenty of tv's playing various sports, and of course the races for betting. Great selection of beers on tap and in bottles. I also noticed a really good variety of liquors, especially whiskeys and scotches. We had the fish and chips, fish was very fresh and the steak fries were good. They also make this homemade mac and cheese that was highly recommended by the staff, and for good reason. The prices are very reasonable for the quality, and it looks like they have good happy hour rates. I'd recommend trying this place if you're ever in the area or looking for a solid Irish Pub experience.
Well, The Turf certainly was a fun, little pub. I had never heard of it, but my boyfriend's band played there last Friday, so I stopped by.  It has a nice atmosphere, with a variety of seating areas. I really appreciated that I was able to grab a table just as I walked in.  You can see the stage from almost every seat in the place, and the sound carries quite well. I think I can speak for myself and for the guys in the band when I say that we look forward to returning to The Turf!  Oh! And the prices were quite reasonable too-- I ordered a drink and an appetizer, and I think my bill was only about $12! And-- I discovered that they have a breakfast menu. Gonna see if I can get them to make me a waffle next time I am there drinking! ;-) (Just kidding!.... or am I?!)
Amazing breakfast!!! Fun fellow bar patrons! And Troy, the bartender, is so fun and nice and speedy! General manager came and introduced himself, I love it here!!! Come!
I used to be a fan of the Turf. I would go for Off Track Betting (OTB) with a group of friends. That was always a good time.   I went a few weeks back and the bartender told me that they are trying to get away from the "bar" element of the Turf and make it more of a restaurant. That being said, the drink prices are going up considerably. A well drink will now be over $6.   I doubt I will be back.
The only things nice about this place is the service. The waiters are really nice and always check multiple times during the dinner to make sure you have everything you need. However, the food here was not so great. I ordered the Irish Tacos, and felt like the meat came from a market deli; not to mention the tacos were super cold. It's disappointing because this place could have so much poetential. If you were to go here, only go there for refreshments and not the food.
Boyfriend had wanted to check this out for a while so we finally had the opportunity to go. The bartender was great and shook our hands which we appreciate. We sat at the bar and had the mozzarella sticks and the pretzel and both were delicious starts to the night.   Its a great bar for hanging out with a group or bellying up and making new friends like we did. It was an awesome spot and we will definitely be back.
This is the 2nd visit for me.  The first didn't go so well, but I was there at an off time so I decided to give it another chance.  We arrived in the rain after being told on the phone that the kitchen was still serving on a weeknight around midnight.  They were in fact still serving the entire menu.  We ordered sliders and pretzels with beer mustard.  And of course beers.  They were both good standard bar food served with a smile.  They had a band playing and some kind of game club playing cards. Everyone seemed to be having a great time.  Including me and the 2 others with me.  There were obviously many locals here ( some in their pj's)  How could the neighborhood folks be wrong !!!
Since I'm here at least once a week lately I should update this review.  I've decided to upgrade this place to a five star rating.  I have always received exceptional service not matter who is working the bar or waiting the tables.  I have started to expand my choices one the menu and there are so many amazing foods. Try the Ahj tuna appetizer a great way to start or end your night.  For the past month when I walk in I never ask for anything normal.  I always challenge them to create something yummy without cherry or jger is my only requirement.  I have never been disappointed. They can really make some awesome cocktails here.   This place offers many nightly fun from comedy nights to live bands.  This place is amazing  on St. Patrick's day.  If your downtown check it out.
Great bar, fast and friendly service.  Try the hummus plate on the happy hour menu to start.  Simple and a great way to accompany a good cold, crisp pint.
Loved the service and atmosphere. Fun place to have a cocktail and listen to a live band. Would recommend.
I have been going to Turf for years.  They recently changed management and the menu (twice now, actually).  The fish and chips used to be great--some of my favorite in the central Phoenix area.  Boy, are the F & C's lousy now---greasy, heavy breading and flavorless.  The hamburgers have good meat but also flavorless.  They got rid of the bacon and chocolate they had when they revised the menu the 1st time.  Booooo.  Everything is better with bacon!  And they got rid of my pub favorite: the steak sandwich.  The chicken wings are ridiculously huge and, again, not that great.  Plus no more steak fries, which my friend really liked.  The HH food menu is lacking and was really perturbed when I went there and they had no guacamole (a HH menu item).  The service has also gone downhill.  Husband waited 30 minutes for his flavorless hamburger.  The ONLY improvement is their wine selection got better. I will avoid eating here (will eat before I get there) in the future until they hopefully make some positive changes.  Please bring back some of the old menu items!  And go back to your old fish and chip recipe.
Great bar with a nice downtown location and super friendly staff. There is plenty of seating either at the bar (comfy tweed barstools with ample purse hooks) or the main area (high leather booths, armchairs and couches).   I haven't had the food but the drink prices are spot on incredibly cheap during happy hour. They usually have some sort of Irish bad or singer during the weekends. This is a fun spot to meet with a group before heading out downtown.
I used to love this place.  Came here with family and friends, always had a great time and good food. Not sure what happened but I'll NEVER come here again.  You could see thru the slice of ham.  The pancakes were at a minimum hours old.  $5 BloodyMary not worth the draw.  Don't waste your time.
I love this place. Traditional Irish bar, divey like you feel like you could run into your third grade teacher here and it's be totally chill.  It's never too crowded but there's always a crowd. Live music by a gruff old dude, sometimes a super hipstery band that plays acoustic type and Irish type music. I come here when I just want a drink and to be reminded of home. It really reminds me of the places back east and in canada( where I'm from)  Cheers! Try the full moon if you like blue moon!!
This was my first visit to The Turf for a meal. I was in the mood for a good Reuben and excitedly order just that! Boy was I disappointed at what came out: a fat riddled, tough, disgusting sandwich I would be embarrassed to call a Reuben. :( luckily it came with a side of fries to hold me over. I had the waitress take it back and ended up eating part of my friends fried fish dinner, which was pretty tasty. I also had a quarter of our other table mates cheeseburger which was ok. Would I come back for dinner? Probably not. I wasn't impressed. At all. If I'm in the mood for Irish fare I will be sticking with Tim Finnegans from now on, or Johnny Foxs Public House.
A late night industry hangout vibe. I've driven by this place several times without ever venturing in. I went with several friends last night and loved it. Wasn't super busy and the bartender was efficient. Low key and super friendly patrons. Try a shot of Jameson with pickle juice! Yummy combo.
Went for lunch yesterday..... As far as the food was concerned, it was average. Nothing special at all. The Fruit-ke-bob was a cool idea as a side, and the seasoned waffle frys were yummy, but neither were very innovative and amazing. The Reuben was thick sliced corned beef and thousand Island on Marble rye. Big whoop. (Couldn't carry the lunchbox of the Rueben at Windsor, see my review of that)  Atmosphere.. dark and closed off. Could let more light in for the lunch crowd. Service, my waiter acted like he would prefer to be anywhere else in the world. Common for servers, as I was one once myself way back when I was a little girl, but he did a poor job of hiding his true sentiment to his job.  What REALLY took me back about this place was that there was a patron that literally passed out on the floor (unrelated medical issue) and the restaurant staff did NOTHING to help her. Absolutely NOTHING. The bartender dropped off a glass of OJ with simple syrup in it and walked away. No cold rag, no offer of assistance, no compassion or concern whatsoever. Heres your glass of OJ, good luck with that...type attitude. I really couldn't believe that.   As a result of that alone, I would never spend another dollar in an establishment that shows ZERO level of concern for a patron that passes out and is laying on the floor and the staff does nothing.
The Turf is a great Irish bar; the kind of bar you would expect when walking into a true Irish bar. Guiness on draft tastes great. Lots of different whiskey. Nice and dark on the inside. And the food is quality. They have great burgers, sandwiches (turkey bacon!) and a Southwest chicken salad that is great.
They have great burgers and sandwiches. Definitely a place to come back to. Not too much parking around that isn't an hour parking.
This is a great place to have a cold brew or a nice drink. It has a good atmosphere and the staff at the bar are great. They are friendly, fun, and knowledgeable. The best part is the music, great selection. If your looking for a good selection of whiskey this is the place.  Plus where can you go where the bartender can tie his own bowtie. As the Doctor says... "Bowties are cool!"
My brother took me here speaking love for this place. I've always seen this place whenever I was on the way to PPM, but never stopped by. Its actually really nice. Mind you I went there an hour before close, but regardless it was an awesome experience. The bartender, Jessie, was a cool chap. It seemed like he really knew his stuff. It was also nice to see that they used actual beer glasses and served only imports on tap. The atmosphere in this place is awesome. This is what a pub should look like.  My only gripe is that prices could be a bit better, but other than that this is a solid place to get a drink. :)
Enjoy this place before it is really "discovered" by folks in the West Valley.  Located NW corner of the 101 & Northern in the large shopping area.  It's on the right when you enter the main street that leads up to the movie theatre.  Traditional wood snugs, nice lineup of taps, and proper glassware for the pints of Guinness.  We only had dessert and it was quite good, though the portion was a bit small.  Pints of Guinness were served well with a proper pour and the logoed glass enhances the experience for this beautiful ale.  Menu looks to offer traditional pub favories with a modern spin on some of them.  Prices were reasonable as far as pubs go, especially compared to that Lis Dun Varna up the street.  I will be back soon for appetizers and main course, but so far as dessert spot with a few pints this place is great.
Ok....my 2nd review of an "Irish" pub.  And we're getting closer.  Good ambiance - I really thought it looked much like a few pubs I visited in Dublin (tho no pictures, that I saw, of the famous revolutionaries, no flags, no old photographs.  But a good draft beer selection.  And a really good Irish menu - we had the fish sandwich and the banger sandwich (lunch menu) which included chips (french fries) and I ordered a side of curry dip for the chips.  Good stuff. Good Irish music (cd's) playing in the background - not obtrusive.  And a very good wait staff.  The bartender greeted us the minute we walked in. But sorry, folks, music is Thurs thru Sat and no Irish music that they admitted to - cover bands instead.  So I'll keep looking, but I'll stop here when I'm in the neighborhood.
Well this was the first #wvfn. The #evfn usually draws 40+ folks so many of us were anxious to see where things went. We had about 20 folks at one point and here goes the report. I got there about 6:02 made the wrong turn and so when I asked about Happy Hour was told I just missed it . I asked about a small extension and was rebuffed.  I mentioned that we were a larger group and that the should consider going to 7pm, and that it probably costs them $300 in sales by stopping at 6pm as oppose to the old stand by of 7pm. Deaf ears.  I ordered mu usualy Pilsner Urquel which came back a) flat and b) no foam ..come on Czech's like some foam and c) I think they flew to Pilzen to get the beer. I did not order food, I would have but since happy hour was not offered I passed.  I did get to sample a sausage from my buddy next to me. His meal came with 3 and while the sausage as tasty the meal was cold, as was the potato leek soup. We were outside in fairness but still I was expecting a little more.  The shining moment were the waitresses, they came by often and asked if we were ok and needed anything. So I am thinking it was not them who flew to Pilzen for the best beer made. We got plenty of attention which has always been a problem with #evfn. We shall see as our group grows.
I expected better food....   I met up with 5 other friends for some grub and some drinks. I had the Corn Beef with Cabbage and it so so freaking boring I needed to add the spicy Mustard to give it a little flavor.  Friend 1 had burger...dry and tasteless  Friend 2 had Turkey burger....bland and boring  #3 had corn beef taco's boring and tasteless ....a taco tasteless?????  #4 had a burger...same  #5 had fish and frys...the fish was good the frys were cold   The drinks were good, but I is not hard to make Captain and Coke, Stoli and Coke, Jack and Coke, some fruity drink and a beer.   I wish it was better....
I liked this place.  It was totally cool you could go and play the Wii or Battleship in the next room.  I thought that was awesome. Keeps the kids away from tripping all over my table.  Met up with friends one night... had a couple of super strong beers, it seems.  I like Guiness with Blue Moon (a black and blue) and this one seemed to hit me harder where even on just 2 of them I was like "Whoa I gotta stop".  For the dinner... I had those folded thingies like the one in the picture... for the life of me, I cannot remember what they are called.  Mine had the corned beef and cabbage... It got rich quick... I couldn't even eat a quarter of it.  A friend had a salmon one that wasn't so rich, but tasted awesome. Another had the fish and chips, which I usually never try but tried there, and they were good.  So good that I went to another bar in Surprise and was pretty disappointed with their fish and chips.  The music is fun... the people are easy.   I will definitely suggest going back.
Moist, fresh food from a chain, on the west side. Who'd have thunk?  --actual STEAMED fresh vegetables, not micro frozen. see what little effort it takes? --loved the "buffalo" potatoes; nicely cooked, bite-size, drenched in wing sauce with ranch for dipping. BING. --really pricey for what it is. $14 for a basic salad? where do you think we are, Scottsdale? --too many windows, too much light to be a proper pub --decor from some pick-by-page-and-letter Irish kitsch catalog. --um. there's a metal fishnet thing on the ceiling! --all two- and four-tops except for a giant picnic-table size 16-top: you can't bring your extra 0.6 out of 2.6 children -- who needed him anyway? --ding for leaving my half-and-half on the bar for 5 minutes; this is a PUB, lady! Don't keep me from my Guiness and Harp!  Something surreal about the popup mall that sits across from a dead field. And right on the corner is the Auld Dubliner. Far too many windows for a proper pub. Fill those in, man! And what do we get to look at? The empty dead field across the street.  Although very moist and fresh, the food here is mostly bland. Thank God for Coleman's mustard. Between us all we emptied the entire jar onto our food; ok, most of it was on my plate, but hey!
I am actually really liked this place. Despite the reviews being a little mixed we decided to stop in and try it for an after work happy hour. During happy hour their aps are half off which was an instant positive in my book. I tried both the corn beef tacos and the Irish quesadilla and enjoyed both. The tacos took my by surprise in a good way and definitely left an impression since I keep thinking about them every time we pass. Their nutella brownie was delicious and overall our service was very friendly.   My only complaint was that as the afternoon progressed our waitress disappeared. She forgot a cider refill and messed up the bill a bit, but it was obvious she was stretched a little thin. Some of the people in my party did not enjoy their apps as much as I did mine so I was glad I made the choices I did. I definitely see us coming back and trying out more of the menu.
Quite a few Irish Pubs have sprung up in the West Valley; one by the Peoria Spots Complex, The Auld Dubliner, and most recently one at West Gate. I have been to each spot and I have frequented TAD many more times. I like the atmos at TAD however I question the rusty farm tools and nets hanging on the walls. After coming here for a few happy hours over the last few months, and taking advantage of the special pricing, happy hour is a good time to come. Some of the happy hour specials are $1 off draft beers, half priced appetizers, and extended lunch menu definitely makes this time of day a better value. TAD has a selection of about 12 draft brews including one of my favorites Smithwick's. On one visit I tried the Fish N Chips which are pretty standard and tasty.   **Bargain hunter alert ** Tied into the happy hour, TAD offers lunch portions until 6 pm -- smaller portion and more cost effective.  The Auld Dubliner is a solid spot for happy hour.
Decent food, semi pricy drinks, decent service. Sometimes you feel ignored other times it's all good. They say they have strongbow which is my favorite cider / beer But they hit 3 strikes with me, I went there 3 times and every time they were out and said they always have it. The corned beef is a little plain but the steamed veggies and shepards pie is decent, I do see myself reaching for the tabasco and spicy mustard a lot there :( It's good enough to occasionally stop in but nothing to rant and rave about.
Been back several times now. The only fault  is the price which seems dissonant with the address. Isn't the  whole point of  Irish food, least as mythologized,is the hearty cheap nature of it?  $14 for a boxty is taking us for eejits. So far the best we've found on the West side but I'd rather hit McCaffrey's up unless I'm really close to this one.
I had a coupon for a buy one get one free meal, so of course we had to check it out. The staff was friendly but the building was small. The beer was good and the food okay. The entertainment was setting up as we set off to see a movie at the theater down the way. I am going to give it another try. If you sign up online, they send you coupons for free meals and money off your bill.
We made a trip to the Auld Dubliner after the movies a couple of weeks ago.  We arrived about 10 pm and the place was crowded.  They had a live band and it was so loud that I couldnt hear anything!  We sat down and ordered drinks and waited about ten minutes for them.  After that we ordered off the limited late menu and I had the Corned Beef Sandwich and it was one of the worst meals I have ever had.  The texture and flavor were horrible.  My wife had wings and was not impressed.  The prices were very high for what you received.    We will not be making a return trip here.
We made the trip to The Auld Dubliner on a Saturday late afternoon to have some drinks and a snack before the hockey game.  We were all hungry and everything on the menu sounded delicious.  First off drinks . . . Guinness please!  As they say, "when in rome," or in this case "when in an Irish Pub."  Now time to decide on food.  So many choices!  I ended up going with a grilled veggie sandwich called Ploughman's Sandwich.  My friend got the Chicken Pesto Sandwich and the boys both got a boxty; Shepards Pie and Cornned Beef.  Right as the server was leaving, we added an order of the Spicy Potatoes, I had to try them!  While we were waiting to get our food, which didn't take too long, there was plenty of fun stuff on the walls to keep us busy; for our first visit anyway.  When the Spicy Potatoes arrived, we couldn't wait to jump in.  Small, new potatoes, fried and tossed in wing sauce, sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles and served with ranch.  These were by far the star of the meal!  The Dubliner had a perfectly tangy wing sauce that I wanted to put on everything!  Once we finished those off, which did not take long at all, our food arrived and we were all pleased with that as well.  On my veggie sandwich, the ciabata was perfect; very soft, which isn't always the case with ciabata.  The sandwich was great, and also helped to clear my sinuses with all of the horseradish.  I love horseradish, however if you don't, I would suggest asking for it without the sauce.    The boxtys were good sized, not too big which is a plus when none of us wanted to get tired, we had a hockey game to go to!  They were served almost like a crepe, folded in quarters, with the filling oozing out of the side and scattered on top.  Very tasty!!  I can't wait to attend another sporting event in Glendale so I have a reason to return to The Auld Dubliner.
I have been to this place over 10 times...  I am sad to say the food is getting worst and worst...  What gives?  Each time we go, I hope it gets better.  Nope...  The service has gotten worst too.  Hum, I might not return again...  But my husband loves the place...
The original #wvfn meetup spot! Great spot just off the 101 for cold brew! Bring 4 friends and order Irish Car Bombs! They have a great "slapper" for the experience. Still waiting for the video (hint @clintus)
I came here yesterday before going to see the movie The Bounty hunter (quite enjoyable if you ask me, go see it!). I drank a Sniakebite (okay 2 really, but they're so good. Half Guinness, half cider) and we split the Corned Beef Tacos. The tacos sounded weird but came highly recommended by our server so we gave them a try. WOW! So full of flavor! The horesradish crema gave it the perfect kick. The tortilla had a slight crisp to it and the cabbage gave it a nice crunch.  Had our movie started 15 minutes later (okay, okay, I really mean if we got there on time) we probably would have ordered another plate....and more beer.
This is a nice looking and fun Irish pub for Peoria.  Located in the Park West complex, which is beautiful, but I feel was part of the overbuilt boom in the Phoenix metro.  This malls location is in an area that doesn't fit the demographics.  It's just to nice for the area and I don't know how it will survive.  Most of what you see are vacant store fronts and beautiful landscaping all around.  The inside of the pub is made to look like as authenic as can be.  This and the great beer selection make this a step ahead of several other Irish pubs out there.  The service I've experienced has always been good and I'd say if you're in the area pop your head in and take a look at the digs with a cold beer.
No major changes to report here. Tried the corned beef sliders this time and they were incredible. The cheddar ale soup on the other hand was just ok.
This place is fun and the staff at least from my experience were great.. The design of the pub is unique and is definitely designed for a social experience.  The lunch here is good the dinner is forgettable but this place is a pub and you need to expect that. The beer selection is great and that alone is a winner for me.
I should just stop calling these reviews part of my cider tour of the Phoenix area and seek sponsorship from Strongbow instead because it's the only draught they, being bars with an Irish theme, have other than the one blowing up my arse about these being Irish pubs that is.  Don't worry by my second pint this review gets friendlier.   Let's start with the appetizers and the curious price of curry and chips. $8.95.The price of the curry sauce and the chips ($2.50 and $4.00 when ordered separately)  is an application of new math that I find puzzling. *  Ok the first pint is warming me up and it's time to praise the banger wontons Nope it's not an Asian street gang but a dab of pork sausage and herbs within a wonton wrapper.  These are really good, pretty inventive and the spicy sauce that comes with them ( seems to be HP , Vinegar and something I can't quite put my  tongue on ( horseradish?)  , while good, is a little  overpowering for the center.  We really liked these.  Pint 2:  My wife had the beer battered fish and chips and loved them but she'll get to that in her review. I had the shepherd's pie boxty , basically ground lamb/ beef  wrapped up in a potato based crepe/ pancake.  The filling was light, moist and nicely spiced  unlike the usual attempts by most places to hide up a culinary crime scene. E.g If you can't do the thyme...  The accompanying veggies, asparagus and peppers were a nice touch and you can see the visual appeal of the dish on the accompanying picture.   Desert.   We had. ok we ordered,  the Irish whiskey creme brulee , most of the desserts here are about as Irish as George Takei, and it was absent of any whiskey taste that either of us could discern.It's OK but a let down given the promise.    Knocking off .5 stars for that and the appetizer pricing.   Food came out really quickly  in under 10 mins. It  was about 1430 when we came in and the place was kinda quiet. Mallory provided great service throughout.  *I wrote their corp office and Eric returned an explanation within an hour. the disparity in the chip/curry conundrum lies with the curry sauce. The "side" of sauce is supposed to be 3oz less than the appetizer.
My husband and I met up with a friend at the pub on a Sunday late afternoon (4ish).  It was fairly empty at the time.  The decor is quite nice, the place seems airy and open and overall the service was excellent.   We were mostly there to chat over pints, but sampled a handful of the appetizers.  The hush puppies were awesome and I would highly recommend them.  I don't tend to spicy things, but I understand that the jalapeno jelly was excellent.  A quick bit of spice with the sweetness of jelly.  We also tried the pork rolls which were crispy on the outside and tender and delicious on the inside.  The potato boats (or skins or whatever they call them), were well executed as well. Since we were there for a few hours, we decided to order the chicken boxty, which was excellent as well.  The potato was cooked just right, the chicken was tender and juicy and the white sauce was to die for.  It also came with a side of steamed veggies that was well cooked (not mushy, not too crisp). I would certainly visit again.  And try the hush puppies.  Trust me.
This place is one of the best places to go if you want great happy hour specials. Food is always great, beer is always tasty and the service is very friendly and always at your service.
If you remember and like the television series Cheers, this place is for you.   Stumbled upon the place while looking for a new neighborhood watering hole. Something different than the chain restaurants and bars popping up like shopping malls.  This is the kind of place where everyone knows your name, the bar was filled with regulars who knew each other, and on the afternoon I visited, the staff took the time to make me feel welcomed.   Good selection of national and premium drafts. Excellent happy hour price. Plenty of televisions to watch your favorite sports.   I ordered teh wings, nacho plate, and two pints of Four Peaks Kilt Lifter Beer.  I'll be back!
We were looking for a spot to grab a bite to eat after checking into our hotel the other night and since this was close by we decided to check it out.   It's kind of a combination of Irish pub, sports bar, and nightclub. More of a place where the locals go and the people staying at the nearby hotels hit up for a drink. Decent selection of beers on tap, bottles, and daily drink specials. $2.50 Harp bottles all the time! Really good happy hour deals too.  Lots of screens to watch the games, and even an outside patio area to hang out on. Then night we went there was a DJ spinning tunes and a wedding party was occupying the small dance floor area. Yeah, this was kind of strange but it looked like they were having a good time.  Tasty selection of bar food here. Chicken fingers and fries were actually pretty decent. Nice and juicy chicken and crispy fries.  Staff here is really friendly and attentive. We might hit it up again before we leave.
In another city, this would be a 3 star bar, in Mesa - it gets the boring-as-hell-city one-star bump. Definitely not the best sports bar, but there is enough going for it that it's definitely worth checking out....  Pros: Decent specials during the week Awesome, awesome, awesome wings! Cute waitresses (especially Ashley, who I might dare call hot) Clint, the usual night manager, is the man Pretty good food (especially the mac and cheese and aforementioned wings) Tons of TVs Nice outdoor patio Monday Night Football Bingo Free Poker Thursday  Cons: Bad weekend music (and in general the weekends are lame, but that's East Mesa for you) Octogenassholes during the specials No sun-blocking screen for some of the outdoor TVs No wing special for football and no pitchers Annoying and terrible trivia and trivia host   Like I said, not perfect, but if you want a nice place to watch a game or grab some after-work drinks, Sunday Funday, etc, it's about as good as East Mesa has....   (Oh, and in the purpose of full-disclosure, Ashley is my girlfriend....so yeah maybe I'm a little biased, even though she'd probably yell at me if she saw the cons in my review)  Update 8/24: She did yell at me
An Irish pub that plays club music.  Interesting.  Fun enough!
Great for watching sports! Had the Club Sandwich which was very good. Big enough to share. On the breakfast menu the corn beef hash is nice chunks of chopped brisket - very good!  Service has always been good and there are daily specials and happy hour prices.
Really cool hangout.  It looks a bit dingy, but it is great food, fantastic service, and $2.50 bottles of Harp all the time.  Oh, and it's not on the buzz time (NTN) website, but they have it.
Just stopped in by chance, it was close to the hotel.  Great sports bar, lots of tv's, even outside.  Good service, fish and chips were Awesome! Very large place, easy to get seated, people very friendly....
I had never been to RT O'Sullivan's but assumed by the name that this was in Irish Pub.  When we arrived it even looked as if it were an Irish Pub but the second our feet hit the threshold we could not have been more wrong.    The very first thing we noticed was the music that the DJ was playing.  It was vulgar, disgusting and degrading rap music.  Don't think me a prude....I like some rap music myself but every other word was the "F" word with explicit sexual content and I mean every single song the DJ played.  The clientele on the dance floor all looked like thugs (me thinks I'm going to see a throw-down on the dance floor any minute).    The place was dirty and it stunk.  I couldn't figure out what the smell was......We didn't order any food (the stink and atmosphere prevented me from doing that) and although my friends ordered a drink I did not.  I felt so uncomfortable there I couldn't wait to leave.  We stayed about 45 mins. which was 45 mins. too long.    If you are looking for an Irish Pub this is NOT THE PLACE!  It is so far removed from Irish (beyond the Irish decor) that you can get.  Not only do I not recommend this place I recommend you stay far, far away!
We've driven past RT O'Sullivan's a zillion times and always said we should eat there some time, but would always end up a BJ's instead.  We finally forced ourselves to stop and were we pleasantly surprised.  It's not much from the outside, looks like a dive bar.  The inside is dark as you would expect a sports bar to look, but it was very clean and had lots of TV's and seating options, including a large outdoor patio.  They had both Guiness and Four Peaks on tap and a wide selection of food.  I ordered the hot corned beef sandwich with a side salad and it was delicious.  The corned beef was lean and included melted cheese and Boar's Head deli mustard.  Just beware of the Leprechaun on the way to the restrooms, I'm sure I've seen him on some horror movies.  We will definitely go back and it might even become out new haunt.
First time here, but will be back
Weird little establishment put together with a weird crowd.  Maybe it was just this Friday night but everything about it was pretty obnoxious down to the server, clientele, and DJ blasting music. It seemed like the employees were doing the bare minimum and didn't really wanna help anyone.
R.T.'s is a hidden gem of a watering hole right in the heart of "snowbird land".  I mention "snowbird land" because after going four times I can make a generalization that the bulk of their income comes from people over the age of 65.  The food is very reasonably priced and the service is some of the best in the area.
My husband and I went for a glass of wine, late Sunday afternoon.  The waitress was extremely pleasant, but obviously had way too many tables, as it took almost a half an hour to be served our wine.  The place had a good crowd, but I only counted three wait persons for the large restaurant.  It obviously was not enough wait people for the football crowd.  I would suggest to the manager that he needs more wait people.  I am not sure that we will return.
The Wednesday night trivia guy is HORRIBLE.
Love this place, everything about it!
Great food beer and wine.This is a great place to have fish & chips & watch the games!
R.T. O'Sullivans and places like it are the reason people pretty much just stay home.  Terrible service, overpriced drinks and an atmoshere that makes watching paint dry seem exciting. Three dollars for a 14 oz draft? And thats when you can get the bar wench to acknowledge your existance. Oh, and you will need to go to the bar for a drink because the high school mentality wait staff are too engrossed in each others dialog to realize they actually work there.  Short of a pool table this place has nothing to offer.
you definitely lost me as a customer. my friend and i went in on a Sunday afternoon  specifically for the veggie tray. We sat outside considering it was a beautiful day. We waited 15 minutes, while flagging down  the waitress. she completely ignored us. the people at the table next to us noticed her ignoring us and said they would ask her to come over to us when she returned to their table with their drinks. Still, she continued to ignore us. Then I proceeded to tell the hostess and she did not seem very concerned and said she would send someone over. We waited another five minutes, still no service. So, we left. that is SO ridiculous! never again will i return to this place. That was the absolute worst customer service and made us feel very unwelcome.
One of the best places around for sports.  It reminds me of a good ol Midwest sports bar.
The patio was nice,  but don't expect to get good service when you sit there. Took over 15 mins before we got our drinks even ordered.  Everyone finished our drinks before our lunch order was take.  An hour later the food finally came out. It wasn't really hot and looked like it had been sitting out for a while. The server said they had a large party come in. So she was spending her time with them and forgot out the people outside. There was 4 tables outside and we all complained.  The food was not worth the wait
Nice layout. Plenty of TV's and almost any sport you can think of.  Service is just ok. I usually only go around lunch and happy hour so I don't know what the night time is like. The food is ok. Some items are better than others. The fish and chips can be really good at times and then not so much other times. The pizza was surprisingly good. I'm usually skeptical about pizza on the menu at an Irish bar but it was pretty good.
Great place to watch sports, cover charges on boxing matches are to high especially with never any drink specials.  Food is mediocre.  Service is decent overall not a bad spot, but there are better options close by.
.
I use to go here once or twice a month with my buddy.  There cheese stick are delicious and there dorky trivia games are fun.  The drinks are alright and I like that it's never crowded.  At least where I've sat it's never been crowded.  They seem pretty good at keeping the noisy crowd away from those who would rather eat, maybe have a drink or two, and just hang out with their friends and talk.  The bathrooms are you typical bar bathroom.  Ya know the kind that even when you scrub it for 2 hours straight it still looks dirty.  You splash a coat of paint and someone will still write on the walls like they are 12 years old and not grown women.  I suggest checking there website to see what events are going on before heading there.  My friend and I made the mistake of going there one night to talk and catch up and it turned out there a live band that night.  The band was so loud that even across the entire room they were able to drown out my conversation with my friend.  We ended up ordering food and waiting them out figuring they couldn't play forever and eventually they'll go away.  Which they did and it got better.  The place is pretty cheap too so I'll always go back here.
I have been coming here for years.  The happy hour is always a good deal.  The loaded potato skins with chicken are the best appetizer.  The restaurant features live trivia on Wednesday nights with Moses at 7 where you can win gift cards.  The fish and chips are excellent.  The service is usually good.
Great new Irish Sports Bar in Surprise.  The Boys from the 'New Dubliner' have done themselves proud in the land of the Blue Hairs.  Authentic Irish owned and operated and pouring plenty of the black stuff.
Irish Pub?  Gotta try it!  First time we went just for a drink.  They'd been open a week, so one pint of Harp wiped out their keg.  A pint of Murphy's Amber for me and we were both happy.  Good bartender - gal from Glasgow (that's a suburb of Dublin).  Friendly service, made sure we got to see their menu, told us about their Friday all-you-can-eat fish and chips, their Sunday 2-for-1 on traditional Irish breakfast and their unique sliders - corned beef and cheese on small rolls with dressing.  So today we went back for lunch.  Nice crowd and plenty of Harp (plus about 9 other beers on draft).  I had the fish and chips (not bad, but sorry, lads, I have had better - the fish sandwich is a better buy) and Jo had the sliders (very good). Chips were tasty and potatoey - just like in Ireland.  Slaw was very good.  Bill was $35 for lunch and four pints.  Not bad.  Most of their sandwishes were in the $7-$10 range including sides and their burger is 1/2 ponnd Angus beef.  We'll try the Sunday breakfast next and I'll let you know.  Slainte!
The drinks are good (if u order them correctly.) I recommend the sheppard's pie! Nice atmos, ok service. Has potential to be a very fun evening.
We stopped in at the Irish Wolfhound last night on a wim for a beer, little did we know that it was their "official" grand opening, they've been open for a few months and we've been meaning to try them.  We walked in the door and the man on stage playing irish folksongs on his guitar actually stopped his song pointed at us and said "DO YOU HAVE A RESERVATION"  the indoor part of the bar was packed, so we decided to check out the outdoor patio.  the patio was busy but we were able to easily find a table, let me also mention that the chair have this plush padding on them, and also not all of the space heaters were running just a few so there wasn't that weird outdoor sweatbox effect.  A server greated us within a minute or two and took our drink orders, they had my favorite irish beer "Smithwick's" a few minutes later we had our beers and they took our food order.  I decided to order the Ciaran's Fish and Chip's Sandwich which included a cup of soup, I chose the Irish Coast Seafood Chowder.    Now I have this thing about soup with certain restaurants, my theory is that if a restaurant has one good soup, usually all there other soups are just as good.  The soup I had was amazing, creamy chowder with either shrimp/prawns, calamari and I believe scallops, very hearty and we were very excited to find out you can get soup to go for very reasonable prices.  My wife doesn't share the same pension for seafood that I do, so she chose the Potato Leak soup with her meal which I also tried and was just as delicious.   Our meals came and my sandwich was good size with a piece of fish that took up most of the roll with coleslaw on top of the fish filet.  The sandwich was Delicious, imagine if the Filet of Fish from McDonalds had a cousin that went back to college and finished his degree, that would be this sandwich. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of it, I'm pretty sure they batter the fish with Guiness.  we stayed a bit longer and had a few beers, our server was on top of things despite the drunken chinese fire drill that was occurring on the patio and inside.  We will definitely be back.
Very good authentic food. I will definitely be going back again. Love the soups!
Total fan here- regular in the making for sure.   A little less than a month after discovering this place we have become weekly visitors. The layout is great and the patio is top notch. Great seating with a fire pit creates multiple opportunities for causal sitting arrangements, great for conversations. The patio even has bar access which is a really nice convenience. The inside is a lot larger than you would think with multiple types of seating including booths, tables, pub tables and ample bar seating.  Beer on draft runs you about $4 and this includes a tall can of Strongbow Cider (love that stuff). The menu has a good variety of Irish fare and burgers. For $9, I can get a really good burger complete with rasher, sauteed leeks and Irish whiskey aioli, chips, and a cup of soup. They have 4 standard soups and the 2 we have sampled have been delicious. The potato leek is my favorite- creamy with potato chunks and rasher bits- so good for a cold day. I really want to try other things on the menu but my love for their burger has prevented me from doing so. The husband get the fish and chips sandwich and sings its praises to everyone we tell about the Wolfhound.  With live entertainment, live trivia, and strategically placed big screens this place satisfies all of our needs for a great local pub- plus the food is awesome.
Finally, a great bar in the far west valley and to top it all off its an Irish Bar!!!  I've been there 3 times now  and the service and food have always been excellent.  The potato leek soup is as good as my mothers and thats saying alot!  The Declan's Irish Stew was so good it bordered on decadent.  Imagine a rich stew loaded with celery, carrots, leeks, and potatoes surrounding an entire lamb chop that is so tender it falls off the bone as soon as your fork touches it.  My hubby loves the seafood chowder and the corned beef.  The wait staff is very friendly and amazingly remembered us and our drink order after just one visit.  I
For the past five-ish weeks that I have been a temporary Surprise resident, I have been to the Irish Wolfhound numerous times. It's almost like I am a regular there. I guess I needed a new Irish pub since I am on the other side of the Valley from Rula Bula now.  Everytime I have been to the Wolfhound, it has been busy. Doesn't matter whether it has been a Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, or Monday. It's been busy. It's a sign that a)it has a good atmosphere (love the patio with the firepit); b) the drinks and food are really reasonably priced; and c) the food is way better than you would expect at an Irish pub in Surprise. The cheesecake with Bailey's is so much better than I could have hoped for. Is it NY Cheesecake OMG I want to die good? No, but it is still really tasty while drinking a Harp and playing bar trivia on a Wednesday night. The seafood chowder is a great soup and I don't even like soup!  Service is really speedy and friendly. The Irish Wolfhound hosts Team Trivia on Wednesday evenings which is when you can catch me and some friends defending our nerdiness. If you ever find yourself in Surprise, this is a good spot to check out.
This has become our go-to spot. With team trivia every Wednesday we are here at least once a week. The servers recognize us and are always friendly. The corn beef/Rubens are delish and I love the laid back environment. They always have full tables which must be a sign that they are doing something right! I encourage anyone in the area to stop in and give them a try!
I have been here twice now and both times the food was excellent, and the drinks were good as well.  Some of the wait staff is new, heck the whole restaurant is new, so they are still ironing out the kinks.  The first time we went was right before we left to go to Ireland, and I had the lamb stew while my husband had the bangers and mash.  Both were very tasty.  After returning from Ireland we took some family there to eat and the food was again excellent.  If you don't want a bar atmosphere, don't go here, but if you want good Irish food and drink, go, have fun and try the Jameson's :-)
I tried this place because I like Guinness beer and Irish fare bar food and it's close to the house.  I probably will not return though.  The food was OK, nothing to really get excited about.  My wife had the fish and chips but it was over cooked and rubbery but my burger was good.  The waitress did take the fish order off the check which was nice of her but because the food isn't reliably good, we would simply prefer to go to another pub (the one in Glendale) for our Irish food fix.
I love the way it looks inside.  Its the new bar in town so everybody goes, though i will say it is a much older crowd than the other places in town.  I went on a Saturday, they had at least 5 bartenders working.  I found it really hard to get a drink, sure it was busy but I've seen 2 good bartenders handle the same workload without a problem.   I finally got my beer, handed him a $20, got change for a $5 and he was out of sight before I could even say anything.  2nd time I came in I stood there and got bored of doing so before being helped and left.  Maybe they can get the kinks ironed out down the road and it will improve.  They got the patio finished and it is quite nice!    I recommend it if you're over 50.  Just not the spot for me.
There isn't a whole lot going on in Suprise, so when I saw the Irish Wolfhound being built, I was pretty excited to try a new place.  My friends and I started going after work on Mondays and Thursdays for beer, food and to watch football. We sat at the bar, service was always great and the food is excellent. I'm a soup guy and haven't had a bad soup, yet. The Guiness battered fish and chips should also be tried. They have a good beer and whiskey selection.  After football season, we've been back a few times on weekends and for St Pattys day. WOW has this place filled up! It looks like word spread and the Wolfhound is full almost every time we go. I've read some complain about the service time, but I don't mind waiting a bit.  I haven't gone as often, lately, but will definately pick it back up once the World Cup starts. Highly recommended.
Eh. The Saturday night that we showed up, back in March, it was just dead.  I liked the band that was there that night, but the service was ridiculously slow for how few people were there.  I haven't been interested in going back.
This place has great prices, great food and great music!  Beer prices are very good for going out and the fish and chips is fabulous!  The Biffo's is the best band they got, never miss a month when they are there.  Tons of tv's and screens and an awesome, comfortable patio.
Ok, I've been there 3 times now. Twice on Saturday, one on Friday.   First 2 times we were there, service was horrible. The servers were rude, very slow, and didn't really care.   First time we went there, it was Saturday. We got there 10 til 10. I tried to flag someone so we could get food order in before the late-night menu started. First girl I talked to said they were not serving food. I asked if they were serving late night menu then, she said "Ya, but I don't know where the menu is" and walked away.  We waited for few minutes but nobody came to our table, so we gave up and couple of us got drinks from bar (after 10 minutes of waiting at the bar too) Few minutes after, our server came to us and said "Where have you been? I was waiting for you all to sit down" Well, One of my friend was sitting at the table for the whole time and the server didn't go over for like 15 minutes, it just sounds like an excuse. We finally got late night menu, which was a one page print out of like 5 things... We got wings, Reuben sliders, and fish and chips. Wing and Reuben came out first. Wings were alright. It was too crispy for my taste and flavor was so-so. Reuben slider wasn't so tasty. Meat was dried out and bun was too hard. Fish and chip came out about 10 minutes later. It was 1 fish. One chunk of fish that was very over done (dark dark brown). Did kitchen guy forgot to take it out of the fryer? Or did server forgot to bring it out and it got cold so they had to fry it again? Either way, it wasn't so good. Chips were very greasy too. And speaking of server... she didn't know what half and half was, or black and tan... she kept asking which beer we wanted. Overall, we weren't happy.   Second night was 2 weeks later, on a Friday night.  Walked in, got ourselves a table, different server. Let's see if this night is any better than last time. Nahhh, it was still the same.  We ordered drinks, asked for a menu (unfortunately late-night menu again) and waited... She came back with drinks, no menu. So we asked again. Her response was, "Oh, you want menu? I'll be right back" She said that first time we asked for a menu! Anyways, she got menu... and disappeared for 20 minutes. You know... if somebody asks for a menu, doesn't it mean that somebody is hungry and wants to order a food? Maybe? Anyways, she wasn't paying attention, so my buddy got up, grabbed a random server that's standing by POS, and asked to put an order of wings in since our server is MIA. As he was sitting down, I see our server getting up from another table across from ours, walked towards us, and said  "Oh, did you want to order food?" so we replied with  "Yes, we asked for menu because we wanted to order food. But you were gone for 20 minutes, so we decided to find somebody else"  So then she responded with  "Oh, I'm sorry we are slammed. I just got like 10 tables."  Hmmmm, I just saw her get up from other table which I could see and she was there for good 5 minutes. What a way to give us an excuse! And we are not stupid, people were leaving, not coming in. The place had half the people compare to when we came in.  And also she was blaming other server for doing her job. Oh, and my buddy asked her what the writing on the wall meant. It was in Celtic. She was running around all over to find what it meant. She failed though... My comment on that was  "If only she tried that hard to get our order and drinks right..."  So... the second visit was a bad one too...   The next day! 3rd time is a charm. We'll give it a one final chance before we give up on this place.  Walked in, got a table right in front of the stage. (We also went 2 nights in a row to see The Biffos play) This time, a server came right away to take our order! So the night started good. She took rally good care of us, got our food, and checked on us more than other 2 servers combined. Later of the visit though, she was getting slower, but I could also see she had other tables she was tending. That's fine. She wasn't making up story about how it got mysteriously busy with no people.  After 3 visits, I give 2 star. The food wasn't something to rave about and service was way below average. I would rather go to other bars with cheaper Guinness and better service.
So...I'm not a huge fan of traditional Irish food, but stopped in to try something different last week. The place has a nice look to it...it reminds me of Rula Bula in Tempe. I went Friday afternoon and the place was dead. Literally 2 people at the bar and 4 people (other than us) eating. I tried the Guinness beef barley soup...has some nice flavor to it and some spice, too. Also had the Irish Wolfhound burger...while the burger was cooked a little more than I liked (ordered medium), it was juicy and hot, but lacked seasoning. There also wasn't very much aioli, I guess I should have asked for extra. Service was decent, but could have been better considering the place wasn't busy at all. I'm thinking this would be a good place to come after work for a few drinks, or when it's cooler out and you can enjoy a few drinks outside on the patio. I'll have to give the food another chance, too.
Been here twice now.  First time was back in July. Only stayed for one beer at that time. The atmosphere is your typical dark irish pub type of place where you feel you should be dressed in a turtleneck and drinking a Guiness. Definately not the vibe you want when it is 115 degrees out. So we bailed.  We went again yesterday for a business lunch. We ate in the game room which had a few more windows so it felt a little brighter. Overall not bad. The service was prompt and friendly. The waitress was quick with suggestions and complimented you on your choice. The food itself, while pricey (seriously, 10.00 for a burger is on the high side) was good. I wanted my burger medium and thats how it came. There was 7 of us and we got our food in a reasonable amount of time.  I am sort of looking forward to one of the 3 actual cold days we experience here in the valley so we can pop in and have an irish coffee or two.
Well where do I start...  When we walked in the tables that were not already seated were dirty with remnants from the last guests.  After being seated for almost ten minutes, we finally got our drink order taken.  We had drinks by about the 16 minute mark, although not everything we ordered...then we finally had food by about the 34 minute mark.  Look, here it is...service was a mess.  One server for what I could see was 19 people at various tables in the section we were seated in.  Wow.  That is not what I call service.  People were waiting for food, refills and the check.  The food was good, in fact it is a real shame that the food was so good, because we will not be going back.  A lot of places have good food, but usually when the service is bad as this, those places do not stay open long.
The food is awesome and the atmosphere fits an Irish bar.  Guinness is on draft and the fish and chips are excellent.  Service was great too.  I had the barley soup and really hit the spot.
We found our new (replacement) Irish pub after losing the Ol' Dubliner.  We came after a spring training game (saw an ad at the park) and we had the fish and chips, very tasty, not over greasy and good flavor.  The atmosphere seems spot on and we will certainly be back and try something else as well!
We started coming here just after it opened. It was a little slow then, but we liked it enough and came back. In fact, each time we popped in for a quick drink, we would leave and say, " I Like that place". We go about once a week or so. We typically sit at the bar and always have had great service. The food is great, especially the fish n chips, the burger and the reubens. I highly recommend.
We've been stopping here ever since they opened. We love this place and since it's a short walk from home, it's a winner to us!  The food is awesome, service is so-so at times, but hey, it's a PUB!   Stop in on the weekends and listen to some great live music.. a must for St Patty's Day!  Don't forget to try the new $1.00 street tacos.. the steak are my favorite..mmmm yum :)
This is a decent place to get drinks. I've never tried the food so I can't comment on that. The patio is also nice.
The Dubliner is gone :( but dang I found a better joint in the process!  First off I am not a fan of fish from the good old days in the navy where I ate some of the worst fish ever on the planet! But you need to order the fish and chips here if you like fried treats and maybe can stand a slight fish taste as long as its golden brown. BOOM this was the best fish and chips meal I have ever had, I even heard the waitress boasting to the Sun City folk that they are the number 2 seller in the US of friken A of fish and chips plates and I defiantly know why in this case. They say this is Guinness brazed fried fish, but I have a feeling it's way more top secret than that. Try this place on the non all you can eat days because you will be waiting an hour to get in (friday / saturday) just to scarf some good eats down. This is due to only one fryer in the kitchen (another note I overheard). The only flaw I tasted was the coleslaw which could have had a bit more mayo or taste, was a bit dry. The chips were perfect, and the fish was downright awesome. Once you have tried this place then you can venture there when it's packed and enjoy a cold one with me ! I will update soon when I can go there and not order the fish and chips (maybe in 2012) Check it, wreck it...
Love the fish n chips!
went for friday fish and chips  - very disappointed -  had to send first order back because it was soggy and cold as it was prepared 30 minutes before I ordered.. The waitress agreed that it had been sitting for awhile.. this place IS A BUST !!! George and Dragon and Pier 83 so much better! Don't waste your time or money...
Some real good food here.  Best Reuben I've ever had from here. I have loved every appetizer I have tried.  Large selection of beer and whiskey.  If they had a better red wine selection i'd go 5 stars.  I love to play trivia here.
The food isn't bad but it's not great. Avoid the shepherds pie as it's greasy and bland. The sandwiches,grilled calamari and soups are the way to go. The waitresses never look happy so don't expect a chipper girl to serve you. The bartenders make up for the depressed waitresses.
I love the Wolfhound! It is a great bar.  I think the service we got tonight was the best we have ever had... It was amazing.  Our server finally told us she has a degree in culinary arts and that she tries to provide the service she herself would want... Girl, you brought it and we appreciated it!  We all shared a plate of mussels; I still think these are the very best thing on the menu and they are, hands down, the best I have had anywhere.  The white wine sauce with leeks is divine and the meat just slides right out of the shells, I could eat them weekly!  We also had a plate of fish and chips; the fish was very good and the batter tasty but wow, the grease that soaked into the bed of fries... It made the fries inedible.  We also had a selection of the street tacos, fish and carne asada, they were fine but bland.  I realize they were only a dollar each, but for a small amount of meat, some cabbage, and pico on a tiny corn tortilla, the dollar was about .40 too much.  Cheese, cheese is a common taco topping and these needed it.  Sour cream and avocado or guacamole should have been somewhere... And let your customers decide what and how much veggie topping to put on the taco!  We were informed that there was some sort of sour cream based topping on the tacos but really couldn't taste it and I definitely couldn't see it!  If I can't see it or taste it, it wasn't there... Sorry.  These were great ladies lunch tacos... Ladies that aren't hungry.  But the Wolfhound gets the four stars because of the icy cold Stella on tap, the phenomenal mussels, and the impeccable service on this visit.  Pay this young lady more and put her in the kitchen... Her talents, while appreciated in the dining room, are wasted as I am positive she can cook based on our conversation...
I have to say I really like this place. Wish the beers were a bit cheaper, but they have a great selection so I can't complain too much.  Try the patio when weather permits; but it fills up fast on Friday & Saturday nights. (Dear Management, Please add extra tables outside. Thx)  So far I've had great food and pretty good service too (considering how busy they were at the times I've been there).  Chips and curry are amazing! I actually ordered it to go one night! Who on earth orders bar food to go?!? Yep, its that yummy. If you're going to try the Irish Nachos definitely share with someone - the portion is HUGE!  Chicken tenders and the pub burger are good and worth mentioning too.  Anytime I've been there on a Friday or Saturday night they've had a live band playing. Some bands have been pretty good and even played some of their own songs which is nice. And then there have been some bands that sound, well, like bad karaoke.
We love to go here and enjoy the Packer games. Just bought a bunch of gift certificates through our RE/MAX Rewards program so we can take more friends along! The food is good. The bloody mary bar is a blast. Friendly staff and a pleasant atmosphere top it off.
My husband and I love coming here to play darts and listen to the Irish music. The drinks are reasonably priced and they have a great selection of draft beer. The patio is wonderful and roomy with a great fire pit, if only it wern't for all the smokers. The menu is mostly Irish fare (obviously) which involves a lot of meat & fat. However, they have decent wings, good home made soups and the lamb shank dinner is divine.  The service is hit or miss, usually pretty slow to refill our drinks but it's usually pretty busy there. Chrissy (waitress) is super friendly and very accommodating.
I've been here about five or six times and I still don't know if I like it. I go here with my boyfriend, who loves Irish food.   The prices are pretty up there, even for the appetizers, so I always find myself scrounging through their menu, tying to find something small and reasonably priced.  They once let me order of the kids menu, but that was a one time shot. They won't let me do it again. Maybe next time I should "order a kids meal to go" and then sneak, sneak eat it.  The only other reasonably priced Item is a small side salad. FYI: My idea of reasonably priced is $6 or less.
Used to be my favorite place for chicken & curry until I came in for my to-go order & saw the chef through the order window boxing my food with his bare hands. I'm sure my food is touched with bare hands at restaurants more than I probably realize ... but when I asked the bartender if that's what I really saw, she gave me the excuse "That's all he touches. That's his spot." (yeah right - hard to believe he stands there like a statue all night and only places his impecably clean hands on food alone.) so I replied "he isn't supposed to be wearing gloves?"   No gloves in my own kitchen .... fine. No gloves in a restaurant .... totally grossed out.   Come on, even the Subway two doors down from this place puts on gloves every single time.  Offering to remake my food would have been nice. Still undecided if I'll be back - and that's saying a lot since they have a ton of great beer on tap and I could avoid ordering food.  Beware chef does not wear gloves!
Food & drink were good (tho our waitress seemed clueless as to the whereabouts of a wine list -- "We have a lot of other wines, on a big list, somewhere!" -- fortunately the house wine was fine).  Inside is excruciatingly noisy, which some might find energetic, and outside one dodges wafts of cigarette smoke.  Other than that, a decent meal.
Great just grab a drink and relax. Pretty good food too. My favorite is the Reuben.
We had lunch here and the food was wonderful.  I had the Reuben Sandwich, it was hands down the best corned beef I have ever had. The food service was very good also.
I enjoyed this visit to the Irish wolfhound!! We went once for dinner and another for the St. Patricks festivities!! So much fun!! For dinner I had a chicken caesar salad, and it was really good! One the St. patty's day there was dancing and food booths and of course beverages. For food I tried the Irish nachos, really good, and the brats..YUM!!! Will be back again next year, I'm sure!!
I go for the pub atmosphere.  The food I did try wasn't up my alley.  They have live bands playing often and nice patio area.
I visited this place on a whim. Two friends and I were meeting for a late lunch and this is near our jobs. It is a pub and definitely has the dark wood, beer drinking, rugby fans vibe, but the tables are large, waitstaff friendly, and food was delicious!  We passed on the fish fry (there were a ton of people who came in strictly for that) and shared appetizers and desserts. We shared the potato nachos, fried shrimp, and curry fries for our meal. The curry dipping sauce was tangy and perfect if you like curries....not burning hot, but obviously spiced. The shrimp were huge and piled high on their little plate. The potato nachos were the dinner hit, though. Wedges of red potatoes are smothered with a cream sauce, cheese, herbs, and mixed with slices of sausage. Yummy!  Being stuffed didn't stop us from sampling the dessert menu, either. Our order was for the ice cream sandwich drizzled with Baileys, cinnamon topped apple pie, and bailey's cheescake (which had a fun name that I can't remember currently.). Even with two chocolate-icecream-bailey's concoctions the mix dessert flavors was varied and hit the sweet tooth spot.   If you are ever on that side of town, it is well worth the stop.
The best things are worth coming back to again, and again, and again. I have never had a bad meal here: we get the boiled bacon sandwich-without the bread and mustard, and the fish and chips. It's always good each time. I know we should try something new, but these two things are always too good to pass up.  I love the boiled bacon ......it's just so good.
I am a regular at this restaurant, mostly for the fish fry Friday.  I went there with a bunch of colleagues from work on Wednesday to celebrate the end of school. Our server was great!  She was very attentive, and there were a lot of us, all on separate checks and all coming at different times.    The drinks were excellent and I ate the slider sampler.  YUM!!!!!  The only complaint I have is that they don't have a happy hour and the drink prices are high.
Not a must go to if you are in Surprise.  I have visited here 3 times hoping it would get better....Food was ok, price is ok..... I tried 3 different dishes and did not finish any meal.  We tried to make this a regular place to visit, but I need food with my beer and the food can be better. The service was ok, not really looking to refill my glass, or I would of had a few more beers.....   Wish I was a fish fry type, if thats what your into then go here.
This place has some good food and is a nice place to hang with friends after a good workout. I usually get a burger here and they come out pretty good. They have a bunch of beers on tap and the interior of the place is set up nicely. Live music some nights and a game room with darts and pool tables as well. The patio outside is great if you're a smoker (not me though). Prices are average to higher but at least it's going towards a real restaurant and not a chain.
This is a great place to hang out on a Friday. The all you can eat fish is pretty good, although I prefer the sandwich. It's a good deal for drinks until 7 and they usually have a band worth listening to after 8. We started going there because it was so close to the house, but I keep going for the food and service. Give it a try.
Me and my dad have become regulars at this place. The atmosphere is always great and we are never disappointed with the food or service. We go to trivia night on wednesday nights and always have a blast- good food, drinks and people. I'd recommend this place to anyone!!!
Maybe I'm too spoiled from living near Padre Murphey's and RTO Sullivans, but this place just isn't up to par.   The Beer is actually good, I like their bar and drinks selections.   But the Food and menu is horrible. Wing are shitty, I'm not a huge fan of Irish food but at least Padres has THE GODFATHER which is probably the best sandwich I've ever had. Plus their wings are awesome.   Also the customer service here sucks, bartenders hardly notice you when sitting at the bar or act as if its a chore to take your order.   Irish I know you're one of the only bars in surprise but step your fucking game up. Because once a better bar opens up, your going to be in trouble.   I much rather make the drive out to 59th ave and bell to go to RTO's or to 43ave and bell to Padre Murphy's.   In fact today I'm going to meet a friend at Native New Yorker instead of this place because the food sucks so bad, and I know I can count on Natives wings.  *UPDATE* So apparently Native New Yorker is closed, so I ended up meeting my friend at Irish Wolfhound, figured, geez what other place could we really go too, especially on short notice.   I had a burger, it was horrible. The fries were actually okay, not the greatest but better then the burger that's for sure.   We tabbed out after 2 drinks and talked. Well after talking for a while we decided on another beer. Waited and waited for our server to come back around and when she didn't I just went to the bar. I was STANDING at the bar for a while, even looking at the bartender in the face as she cleaned glasses yet didn't acknowledge me and there was maybe only 3 people total sitting at the bar. FINALLY she comes over and I order 2 IPA's.   Our server then comes back around and makes a comment like "oh you're still here?"   Uh wow.   After talking for a while longer with my friend, (we were sitting at a hight top) I put my feet on the open seat next to me to rest them while I chat.  then another SERVER actually comes up to me and says, "Excuse me sir, we don't allow feet on our furniture".  I had fucking shoes on and it's a fucking bar, i'm actually sitting indian style before and after that on my own seat and on my shoes anyway.   REALLY RUBBED ME THE WRONG WAY. I'll NEVER be coming back, FUCK this place.  Downgrading it to ONE star.
We had lunch here and the food was wonderful.  I had the Reuben Sandwich, it was hands down the best corned beef I have ever had. The food service was very good also.  This was about 3 mo. Ago.  Today  we went there for lunch, 11:20am.  about 23 people,there, I ordered iced tea and hubby had a Bud light,  we both ordered the Rueben Sandwich, he had the soup, I had cold slaw and the chips.  Reuben's corned beef was probably leftover, some pieces were very dry and had to chew, and very very salty.  The chips were not crisp, they were soggy, like old from yesterday, cold slaw was the best part of the meal.  For  the total at $ 34 format lunch, nothing to brag about.  Finished my ice tea no refill. Could of used something to wash the salt down.
Love the atmosphere here. Live bands, great food, and a good time!
Fish fry was good.  Irish stew was ok, it's a big bone in lamb buried in potatoes, carrots, parsnips and onions.  Guinness was fresh and delicious and mixed drink off the tabletop drink menu was good.  All around good place that I may or may not visit again.
Good food, but I have to admit I'm not overly adventerous especially with Irish food. I typically get soup and salad or a turkey sandwich.  We used to go for trivia but have stopped since we moved.  They have a good bar selection.
Been to several bars/restaurants and everytime I go into this place I just never seem to like it. Whether it be the service, the atmosphere, the food or most recently the security guards on a sat. night that were dressed like cops that seemed to be hovering over anyone at the bar they felt had been there too long. They actually went up to a couple and I believe cut them off from drinking...? I have no clue what this was about as I had never seen this before?  I just can't seem to get into this place. No wow factor, no good feeling.. nothing that makes me want to go back. Just bla...Alot more upbeat happier places to get a drink and good food.
I've been here probably 1/2 dozen times in the last 9 months. The corned beef and cabbage + the Fish and Chips are really the only two choices food-wise. The beer is always cold and at good carbonation levels. It's a good representation of what an Irish Pub should be. I disagree with Nicholas. I would much rather go to the wolfhound than padre murphy's or RTO Sullivans. However, there is one catch. The food really is too pricey. $14 for fish and chips is a little much in my opinion. The atmosphere is genuinely Irish. My brother lived in Ireland for 2 years and the first thing he said when he walked in was "Wow this is the most Irish place I've been since Ireland" With that said, I've always had good experiences and will go back.
Being Irish is very much a part of who I am. I take it everywhere with me.  I have a fondness for Guinness and Murphy's. So far this is the only Irish Pub in Surprise. They do a few amusing variations on the classic Black and Tan that are worth a try.  The tried and true fish fry brings in the faithful but the corned beef is my favorite bia. A great mint lamb dish was dropped from the menu. If enough requests come in they may bring it back(thats a hint paddys)  High pub style seats and lack of lower altitude chairs are a complaint that I've heard from my mother In law.
I come here regularly.  Their fish and chips are very good and the seafood chowder is excellent.  The beer is cold and they have a very decent selection on tap.  My only complaint would be that their happy hour includes no decent beer.
Whenever my friends want to hit a place up that's unpretentious, this pub always comes to mind!  During lunch hour, I love coming here for corned beef sandwiches and relaxing. Saturday nights are pretty popular. There's usually a live band playing on weekends, where some people end up drinking and dancing, but it can get super loud. The outdoor patio has plenty of seating and tables to escape from the music playing inside, when you want to be able to talk without shouting over one another's voices. There are flat screens outside so you can watch football or other sports when chatting it up with friends. There's a big crushed glass circular fire pit with circular seating around it if you want to chill by the fire instead of sittng at the patio tables.   Seeing as how weekend nights tend to get busy, service is okay. The waitresses will get to you when they can, but sometimes you may have to walk up to the bar yourself to put your order in. Last night I enjoyed a special they were having on Irish Coffee that was served hot with whipped cream on top. Perfect for the holidays! But wait a second, Arizona doesn't get that cold, so of course I had to cool things back down with an Irish Car bomb drink or two.
We were here for lunch on 1/3/13.  We had checked online to see what was on the menu and to read the reviews. We loved the atmosphere, there was a medium sized lunch crowd with people enjoying their food and lunchtime. Various ages from mid - twenties to probably a few 80 year old gents in for a toddy.  We had such a cheerful waitress who provided timely service.  My husband had the Irish Stew with Lamb Shank and I had the Pub Steak Salad with a great dressing. I had the Pear Cider and my husband a Guinness  draft. Very enjoyable and excellent food and service. We will definitely be back and will bring our Irish sis- in-law here when she is state side.  We both almost had the Irish Breakfast that is served all day.  Maybe next time.
I'm a regular at this bar but this is the first time I've decided to eat here. I can't say the food was terrible but I have a issue with calling something a "Shepherds pie" if it doesn't actually have SHEEP in it. Ground beef is used in a cottage pie....but it was bland regardless of the name. Also, quite over-priced. They have decent bar choices and only a quick drive from home so I do go regularly but only as a bar patron. Please be careful of your checks if paying by credit as I've been over-charged a few times. I had one of the bar tenders decide to give himself a $60 tip. Luckily, I was refunded but those "mistakes" shouldn't be happening at a place that would like to keep business.
Love the Irish Wolfhound! Haven't ever had a bad meal here.  Never thought I'd love 'corned beef and cabbage', but I do!   Best part is their beer list.  One of the few places in Surprise where you can get an IPA.
Came here after visiting another bar down the street. I've heard a lot of good things about Irish Wolfhound. On Saturday they had a live band which was very good and the place was packed, but not overly packed. I came here with high expectations but thought it was good, but not great. The rooms and decor looked a little generic. Guess I'm getting tired of bars that call themselves Irish bars by just look Irish by putting Guinness posters and a harp on the wall. But what can I expect from an Irish Bar in Surprise??  Not saying I wouldn't come back here.  Beer selection was good, Guinness was poured right, and good music, so I would come back. I didn't try any of the food so ill update my rating when I try the food.
Great food and service.
I love this place!  I have only been for night festivities  but it has always been awesome.  There are normally live bands and no cover charge, for those that want something quieter they have another room that is farther away.  The outside fire pit is the coolest one you will ever see.  The service is for the most part good.  The Reuben sliders  are amazing and the fish with the fish and chips is good.  the fish just has a little too much batter for me.
Great atmosphere, Guinness was delicious and the Corned Beef and cabbage hit the spot. Great service! Happy St. Patty's Day
I went here a week ago and the service was great. Then, I went back Sunday for lunch and I can't say it was the same.It wasn't even crowded and there were tons of servers. Our server took forever to give us our drinks and our food. She came to us twice... to give us our cold food and check. Wait, I take that back, three times, she took our order, brought our food, and gave us our check.  The decor is great and the atmosphere is nice. But, I can't say it was the same for the slow servers on a Sunday afternoon.
Ok, came here to enjoy happy hour and the service was ok?  Waitress really did not want to help us, she rather be somewhere else for sure.   I have had better times in other bars, outdoor patios than here so I must only rate this an ok place.  Wish I could give it a higher rating? Why you ask?  The place is nice, just the service is ugh and the crowd.  Wish it could be a younger crowd, but it seems to attract Sun City here and not Surprise.  Luckily the patio is big so our group could be far from the other patrons.
I love this place so much!!! There's live music sometimes, trivia sometimes or sometimes just people chillin. It's got great food, full bar, gorgeous an comfy outdoor sitting area with waitstaff. Love it here!
Nice restaurant and pub with friendly service.  The fish and chips were great.  The corned beef and cabbage was surprisingly good.  The cabbage was sweeter than normal and the corned beef was lean but tender.  I like the Murphy's stout in a can that I ordered.  Will be back on my next golf week with my friends who live near here.
Came here with a large group on a Friday for lunch and were totally impressed.  Service was quick to accomodate our group of 20. They moved tables, got drink orders, and then all food orders all quickly!  Food was also quite delicious. Everything from the Irish Nachos, Cobb Salad, Boiled Bacon Sandwich and more.Highly recommend!
Get the 3 slider plate, best of all the sandwiches. Reuben is my favorite.
If you live in the Surprise area and want a bar experience that isn't filled with bikers and the blue-haired crowd this is the place to go. With their good selection of beers (including Magners which is very hard to find) and on Fridays all you can eat Fish N Chip, it's a great place to go. On weekend nights I love getting some beers, sitting around the fire pit outside and then maybe playing a couple rounds of pool inside. They also have a great St. Patricks Day celebration around that time of the year.
First time there - flyin' solo and immediately felt welcome.  Seating could be more comfortable or I could be younger.  Delicious soup and sandwich with a Harp and loved the ice cream sandwich with Baileys. Server was great.  Will go again-patio looked interesting come cooler weather.
Still one of my favorites on the west side.  Steak sandwiches and Reuben's are excellent.     Prices are right and the service is always great.
Came here after a 8 month break.  Don't know if they had a change of management or what but I was not impressed.  The black velvet had a strange taste to it (had one at my last visit and it was great).  The soda bread was asbdry as sand and very hard/stale.  My wife's steak sandwich was very bland.  Wait staff preferred to talk to each other rather than wait tables.  I wanted so much to have a local Irish pub that I liked but this is not it.  Bummer.
Fish and Chips all you can eat!!! Outstanding!!! Very crispy on the outside and moist on the inside not dry! Very flavorful and not fishy tasting. Highly recommended. Very affordable at about $15 a plate for all you can eat fish n chips.
OK, this is going to be a narrow review.    Liquor and the "Reuben"  Went to the patio with a friend on a Friday night to drink some scotch and smoke cigars.  The outside patio was well laid out and not cramped or confined.  Plenty of TV's around if your interested.  The fire pit is smack dab in the middle of the patio, but this was summer time so nothing to report other than it was nicely sized for a patio that large.  The drinks were ordered and 2 scotch and rocks came out in decent size glasses.  I thought it looked good.  Then the manager approached and told our waitress to take them back and tell the bartender to fill them to the top.  WOAH!  We were pleased to see that our top shelf order was given top shelf treatment.  The Reuben was ordered later that evening and it was delicious.  It was classically prepared and the coleslaw on the side was a bit more crunchy then I prefer it, but it was a generous portion in a cereal bowl sized container. Not like one of those small ramekins that has 4 or 5 bites of food in them.    Through out the evening service was key, we always had someone checking on us to see if we needed anything.    Overall it was great, I feel I got my monies worth and I will return and recommend this spot to others.
First time here, I liked the ambience and the plethora of tv's. Beer selection was good. The slider sampler was delicious! Can't wait to come to this place at night when not as many kids are present. I don't like it when parents let there kids climb all over other tables and touch everything, that is my only complaint.
Nice Irish atmosphere, decent food,  great service, fun back room with pool & darts, & live music. Enjoyable experience altogether!
Cool place! Great beer selection, comfortable outdoor patio with heaters and TVs. Food was awesome, I had a burger with chips that I would definitely order again. Will be back next time I'm in town!
I have been here twice, once for dinner and once for lunch. Food is amazing! The Slider Sampling is great and the Reuben Sandwich is delicious. Great beer selection and you have to get the bread pudding for dessert!!! Loved it!!!
Always a good place, could use more bar tenders on the patio!!!! What's up with that?!?
First time there. Food and service were great!! I ordered the fish and chips and my hubby ordered the meatloaf. The only thing we found lacking was that there was no seasoning on the fries. Other than that, everything was great!!!! We will be back on a Friday so that I can have the all you can eat fish-best I've had in a while!!
Just moved here recently from CA, Toby Keith wrote a song that should be the theme song for this place " I love This Bar". Great atmosphere, awesome service, wonderful food and Andy is the best bartender ever. The staff is great and fun to be around, also if you are a fish lover Friday night is all you can eat fish and chips. John Taffer would find little wrong with this place and I have so much respect for his opinion, he is the best in the biz.  Do yourself a favor and stop in and have a cold $2.50 beer and sit a spell, you will be glad you did.
Love the atmosphere in the place. Corned beef was the best I ever had in my life. Service can be a little slow at times, but I can look past it somewhat cause the servers are very friendly. Lunch specials are a great value for how much you get.
New to the area and wanted to try it out. I loved it!! Great bar, WAY bigger on the inside then it looked from the outside which was a nice surprise. Great food, Great atmosphere and great people.   Would give it 5, but the service is a little on the slow side. Im not expecting super fast service and always being check on...... but the couple of times I have gone there It takes a while to get someone to us right away (usually you seat yourself) and the bartenders don't really seem very interested in the new people that walk in.....   Other then that!! I love this place. Went on a Sunday night by chance and they had a super fun trivia night! It was so cool to see people getting into it they way they do!
Food was really good!  I had the shepherds pie which tasted great but it was a Lil more runny than I prefer.  Service was good.  I wasn't really impressed with the atmosphere.  Johnny Fox's is better for an Irish setting.  We wanted to play pool while we were here but that room was over run with a bunch of meat heads playing darts, maybe they were rugby players I don't know.  It was dinner time and most if the customers were senior citizens.  Doubt I'll come again.
Love this place. Alecia is the best waitress. Great homemade soups, fish & chips, shepards pie. A keeper!
First time here for Wednesday "date night" with my mom. We decided to try something we've never had: pickleback (bushmills whiskey with pickle juice chaser) down the hatch! Not something I'd normally go for (and probably wouldn't again) but that's because I'm a huge baby when it comes to shots..I think I liked the pickle juice more than the whiskey.  Check that off my list and we're onto the mini irish sausages appetizer.. I'm not a sausage fan but again, for the sake of stepping out of my routine I gave this a whirl. Paired with the plum dipping sauce, it actually was enjoyable. Reminiscent of breakfast sausage with maple syrup. Mom and I decided to split our meals so we could taste more menu items. She ordered the Atlantic cod and chips with cole slaw and I got the Reuben with a side of Guinnes beef barley soup. Where do I start? How about with my most enjoyable food? The soup, although heavily salted for my taste (and mom's), was hearty and delish. I wouldn't mind eating that as a meal. The Reuben was stacked with flavorful corned beef and the right amount of thousand island and sauerkraut on a nice crunchy rye bread. Yum. Enough said. Mom's favorite: the cod. One good sized piece fried to perfection. With the included sides, this was a big portion size. I really liked how the "chips" were more or less potato wedges. I thought the cole slaw was a little dry and I think it needed more vinegar, as it fell a little flat on flavor for me.   All in all, we liked our food. We actually put our phones down ;) to eat so we didn't get any pictures of the meals like we did for the drinks and appetizer.   I thought about giving this review 4 stars but bumped it up to 5 because we had fast, friendly, and attentive service from a knowledgeable staff in a relaxed and unique environment. This was also reasonably priced at about $40 for the two of us (before tip).  I'm thinking I'll go back again!
My family and I love it here. We used to go once every week to two weeks but it's a little expensive and we're trying to cut back.  The food is always amazing. The seafood chowder, fish and chips, and bangers and mash are to die for! The wait staff is always super nice, they recognize us when we walk in.  I can't drink yet but my mom will occasionally get a beer and there's a wide variety to chose from.
Staff here is Amazing and very Friendly. Great place to take the family or hang out with friends and have a few drinks. They have a really nice patio with a bunch of Tvs on it with a fire pit in the middle.
Excellent food and service. Authentic Irish. Charming waitress!  We will be back again!
Good food. Good view and good service. Had dinner outside and had a nice view if the white tank mountain.  I had the Guinness meet and mushroom pie and it was well worth the wait for the crust to cook.
Loved this place! Amazing food! My husband and I ordered shepherds pie, and cornbeef and cabbage. Delicious! The waitress was super friendly too. The only complaint is the hostess seemed annoyed by everything. Maybe she was having a bad day.
I came here on a Friday night. There were four people in my party.  We arrived at around 7PM. When we got inside, the hostess wasn't there, but a nice girl let us know that she would be back momentarily. She got there a few minutes later and asked if we'd like to sit inside or outside. We opted for the patio. She asked if we were all over 21 (?). Not sure why. She let us know to just seat ourselves. Fine...  We sit down and waited about 15 minutes for a waitress to take our drink order. When she finally arrived, she also asked us if we were all over 21. We nodded, since we were. She took everyone's drink orders (everyone ordered beer), and when she got to me, she said, "I'm going to need to see everyone's IDs." Why is it that two separate people asked if we were over 21, but didn't  bother checking IDs? Odd.   I ordered Smithwicks (awesome beer) and the all you can eat fish fry. The fish was good, but they literally give you two tiny pieces of fish for every plate. It would make more sense to give more fish on the first plate, and less on the subsequent plates. The french fry's were okay, but the coleslaw was HORRENDOUS! There was no dressing on it whatsoever. They put dry cabbage on a plate and called it coleslaw.   The pricey food coupled with the below average service, along with the lack of effort put into the food gives this establishment two stars. I would only return for the Irish Beer (and any Irish pub can supply that).
They have it down. This place has good food and service. The review that tried it for first time on a Friday night at 7PM needs to try it again. This place gets very busy for their fish fry. And they ask for ID's because they turn in to a 21 and over establishment at 9pm for the live music on Fridays and Saturdays (Posted on their door before you walk in). The two pieces of fish they got on their fist order was probably because the kitchen was slammed with orders at that hour and wanted them to have their meals and not wait for them.
We had a great time when we went here to eat. My wife and I dined with a couple of friends and we ended up playing team trivia. It was a neat thing they had going on in the restaurant.  I found the food to be really good. They know how to make the reuben sandwich, so I would highly recommend that. They have high prices, but if the food is as awesome as it was when we went I would come again.
Gotta be honest, did not expect anything in Surprise to have such a classy ambiance / dcor.  My friend and I were here on a Sunday afternoon for a few pints and a quiet place to focus on writing our screenplay together.  The help was quick and courteous, and the Guinness was properly poured and came out at the perfect temperature.  We were here for close to four hours, spent some time out on the porch and ordered some of their fries.  While I cannot comment on their food per se, everything else about this place was better than expected.  If I make it back here and the food matches the rest of the experience I shall bump it to a five.    It should also be noted, that while the majority of the clientele there is exactly who you would expect to be eating dinner on a Sunday afternoon, the live music was specifically catered to that demographic.  He was quite talented, but there's only so much Eddie Rabbit I can handle before needing to escape on the patio.  My kingdom for some Dropkick Murphys!  And, to be fair, that's probably what they play on a Fri / Sat night... just sayin.
I'm definitely a fan.  A couple of friends and I came here for a birthday celebration on a Saturday night.  I thoroughly enjoyed the pub atmosphere and the variety of choices on the menu.  I had the potato leek soup, which was perfectly creamy and...leeky?  LOL.  And I couldn't help myself...I also had Ciaran's Fish Sandwich, which has their Guinness batter fried fish on an egg bun.  It was super tasty and went well with my soup and beer.    The only thing I didn't especially like was the Irish band that basically prevented us from being able to have conversations with each other.  It was way too loud.  I love it when restaurants bring in local bands (but just like The Yard downtown)...turn the damn volume down!  It's not a concert and people do like to converse over plates of food.
Love love love 2-1 Mondays and Carl! Never eaten there but it looks delicious... Karaoke night is always an experience. Def recommend this bar.
Went here for the first time today - what a great bar! Food was really good - especially the fish and chips and the Reuben. Patrick, our bartender, was fast and efficient - friendly as well. :) Bathrooms and the bar overall were spotless and nicely decorated. Even though we live more than 30 minutes away we will definitely be back!
After fours years of living here, and kept on talking about eating here. I finally had my chance!  1st mistake, do not take your wife who hates seafood, and can not stand the smell of fish here on Fridays! It's all you can eat fish fry! After getting over the smell, she was fine. Now I wasn't sure if this was a restaurant that serves beer? Or a bar that serves food. This place looks a lot larger from the outside, however it can still sit a lot of customers by using their outdoor patio. Now the food! I order the bangers and mash, I was very satisfied with this dish. Really enjoyed the sausage. Very good taste, loved the texture and seasoning.  Our girls both had chick tenders, both liked their dishes very much. I actually tasted the tenders and I also agreed with them. Again, very good seasoning. Wife had a cheeseburger, and after taking a bite out of it. I knew she liked it, because of the grill taste of it! She loves her charbroiled flavor. I also had to get some hot wings. The girls like to have them every time we go out. They were good, and very tasty. Service was great, even though they were very busy for the Friday fish fry. They were able to take care of everyone without any problems. This is definitely a place to come back to, and we will.
we were back again on tuesday night for a little happy hour action. i was sad to see the meatballs were removed from the happy hour menu. we ordered wings and the tuesday night prime rib dinner special ($8.99) - we shared both items. the wings were saucier (without me asking!) than they were our last two visits - thanks connollys! the wings seemed smaller than our last 2 experiences though, and they were all bony on the ends .... not very appetizing looking. they tasted fine though. the prime rib was better than i expected it to be. not the fanciest cut or anything, but what do you expect for $8.99? i requested cottage cheese instead of the included potatoes, and connolly's obliged for an additional $1. no biggie. service was prompt and sweet, again. i swear they hire the nicest ladies in the area at connolly's.  i really want to give connolly's a higher rating, but the food's gotta be better for me to do it. come on connolly's, impress me!
first: the restaurant itself. some curved booths arranged in a triangle are located in the middle with pub tables on one side and dinner tables on the other. the large, u-shaped bar in the back of the restaurant is next to the kitchen. servers wear tilted kilt-esq uniforms, but connolly's are much cuter. everything is clean and new, which makes sense given the age of the restaurant. there are a TON of flat screens for sports games, ntn trivia and poker. lighting is more than adequate.  now, the food. i've now been twice. the first time hub and i dined with a friend. i had the fish and chips, g had the burger and our friend had wings and a side salad. the fish part of the fish and chips was too greasy for my taste; the chips part was cold. in my imagination the fries are bomb if they're hot. malt vinegar, extra tarter sauce and ranch were provided without anyone asking =) the wings were tasty, but lacked a good coating of sauce. side salad was big and they weren't stingy on the good stuff. the burger was served more well done than the requested medium but hub said he liked it anyway and would order it again. my second experience was just hub and i. we ordered apps and beer for him, iced tea for me. the iced tea was good, but weaker than i like. the meatball app was yummy and each of the 5 had lots of sauce. the wings were again good, but lacking a good coating of sauce - next time i hope i remember to order them sloppy.  on both occasions connolly's had plenty of patrons. the food was ready quickly and service was great. i saw a promo flyer that they do texas hold 'em tournaments on mondays - sounds like fun! i'm looking forward to seeing if this restaurant will "wow" me over time. i'm hoping they're just working out the kinks right now and that we're in for some consistently great bar food in the north valley.
Meh.  Extremely mediocre food.  Fine if you're looking for a pint or two but don't expect anything spectacular to come out of the kitchen - my husband and I have tried a few different menu items and have yet to be impressed.  It's not BAD, perse, just not memorable.   Kudos to the wait staff, they're all super nice and helpful.
I, like Rebecca, want to give a higher rating, but I have been there twice and my wife didn't care for it.  Irish bar/sports bar is basically a perfect mix of what I like and I thought the food was OK.  I need to go there and just hang out to watch some games sometime.  I've had a chicken sandwich that was just OK and the Wings I had there were OK as well but again nothing special.  They do have Smithwick's on tap, which is my favorite Ale.  I'll definitely go back since I live so close to it, but hopefully next time I'll have a better report.
Environment is OK --- although if you're going to put women in school girl outfits... at least make them semi-attractive.  I know that seems shallow but if the company is going to go the extreme of enforcing the plaid skirt with white blouse unbuttoned for cleavage show as the "official uniform" then please make sure it doesn't come with a spare order of muffin top or thunder thighs.  The food is pretty good but the drink specials and the beers on tap are less than mediocre.  I go here when my friends do and wouldn't go if it were up to me...
Been here a few times and thought it was pretty cool. It is a nice stop up in the Way North end of town. There is not a lot of places to grab a bite & a drink out there in the wee late hours of the night. Lots of HD TVs and the music is pretty loud after dark.
I've been here four times and I'm digging it!  It's so far up north that it's a nice break from the 'watch-your-rear" Westgate thug-a-dub-dub-gangstafied crew.  If I were a gangbanger here I'd be throwing it up for the NORTHSIDE (carefree highway, baby).  Never had a real meal here but I've had plenty finger food and a few troughs of alcohol!  Finally a bar that has darts, pool tables, and yes, occassionally beer pong.    I do have to disagree with Chris T's POV on the women in the Scottish skirts....c'mon dude it's women in skirts, bro!  Heck, I'd take a semi-hot girl serving me beerski's over a dude any day!  The outdoor seating is fun, nice televisions outside and usually a good crowd.    It's a good mix of people.  It's a biker-friendly bar but you will find all types here and everyone seems to get along.  The only thing I don't care for is the setup of the mens bathroom.  It's set up so that when the door opens, anyone looking can see the mirror, which looks right at whoever's throwing a whiz.    If you're up this far north, it's definatley worth getting your drink on.
Best bar in BFE north Phoenix/Anthem for Sunday football.  Tons of large, HD flat screen TVs showing every game. Get there on time and you should be able to find a seat where you can see every game you want to watch.  Sunday breakfast is mediocre, but cheap. Never been to a sports bar that has good breakfast anyway...  Lunch/dinner items are a little better than your average sports bar.  Decent selection of beer.  Good service.
Me and some friends recently went to Connolly's on a Monday night.  To our surprise, it was Karaoke night but, not the normal Karaoke ... The crowd was so much fun and the owners made us feel right at home!  The host was a blast and made all of us in the bar feel like life-long friends!  We sang and laughed all night!  The drink specials are awesome and the food was amazing!  I guess they have nightly specials so I would check it out online to see what each night offers ( www.connollysgrill.com )  We will definitely hang out there again! I've been to a lot of bars but, the owner usually isn't around and if you are not part of the normal "click", then you're not welcome .... NOT this bar! The owner was there and made everyone feel like family.  What a great way to do business! Good job Connolly's!!!
Nice higher end b&g. No riff raff, an outdoor seating area and the female staff is very easy on the eyes!!
Great place to hang out on a Sat night when you don't feel like being around a bunch of kids. Nice mix of customers, friendly staff. Steak from here was surprisingly good...really good. The pours on the drinks are nice and DJ keeps a good mix of music to keep the crowd going.
Nice local bar.  Karaoke on Monday nights is super fun!  A nice place to go with friends for a casual drink to hang out.
Better than expected. Very good bar food, excellent bangers and mash! We also had the monster cookie dessert, and it was amazing. We will deffinately go back. Only dissapointment, was the fries were nothing special.
On a Monday afternoon it was a ghost town. Our server was pleasant, but not outstanding.   We had two burgers. Cooked just right & big! Loaded w/toppings. Onion rings were standard frozen bleh.  Tv's were all sports and helped the atmosphere. Overall, I would suggest this place based mostly on the burgers & tvs.
We came here on a Monday night not expecting much of a crowd, but it turned out that it had a lot going on! There were people of all types and ages there; it really is a welcoming place for anybody. They also had a few different activities going on (poker, karaoke, etc.)  Pretty good food for the price! We had the chicken tenders w/fries and the caesar salad with grilled chicken. Both were pretty cheap and were a good size.  Our server was a really sweet and laid back guy. The food came out fast.  All in all, this is a fun place for a quick bite to eat with waiter service. The food is also very plentiful and good, especially for the price we paid.
Wednesday night... walk thru the doors... and see a bunch of kids climbing around everything... their parents clearly not parenting their kids.  WTF??  I thought this was a biker bar? Minus 1 star.  Drinks are expensive, music is good, and some of the waitstaff look like they need to get off the drugs.  I am all about having something nice to look at while I drink my beer, but... our waitress was a fail on that one for me.  I saw some others that were nice to look at... but they were but-her-face's. (everything was nice but-her-face)  The food is pretty reasonable for a bar and grill.  Nice big piece of chicken... juicy, cooked well.  Salad wasn't wilted.  Wednesday night was apparently a card playing night... not sure what they were playing but there was a pretty good crowd playing.
Great atmosphere. Went there on a Sunday for football and breakfast.  Had the country fried steak which was delish. The staff is super friendly.
I am a fan of Irish bars (given my maiden name is very Irish....) and am always up to check out a new one.  I happen to be in this area which is very new to me and was excited when I saw my favorite symbol...the shamrock! I went in on Christmas Eve not knowing what to expect and boy it was busy...I guess some important games were on.  Very loud but that is my fault for not enjoying the games...no stars lost were lost for that.  I notice it is not very clean..I mean it passes a quick visual but once you are sitting there for a minute you kinda notice for the area of town it doesn't really fit. I wouldn't call this a pub or even a grill.  I call it a bar.  With bar food.  Not great.  I had a burger...so soggy it soaked through the bun.  Bleh.  I say pass on by...for the price the atmosphere and food are definitely not worth it.
Good atmosphere. Very nice staff.  Food is not fine dining but way above average for a bar.   They have good specials for dinner most nights.
All in all, this place is your run-of-the-mill sports bar.  TVs everywhere, tons of seats, female waitresses, and drink specials. My group went on wine Wednesday, which I highly recommend. The food is pretty good, but what really made my night, was the "jalepeno caps." Del Taco used to carry these, and I would dream of them when I wasn't in the Southwest. So thanks, Connelly's.
Best Fish and Chips you will ever have~!   We always go for UFC Fight Night and  ALWAYS have a good time. Staff is friendly, and attentive, until it gets busy. Then you disappear in the crowd. However, I have yet to have any bad service and we go about once every other week or depending on who is fighting, every Saturday night.   It is right up the street from our house, so its a nice easy drive, and a fun place with a great atmosphere. Everyone in there gets to know each other and its Nice to go somewhere that you don't have a million bar fights, and you don't have a bunch of snooty pretentious aholes hanging out.   Totally down-to earth and their food is really really good! I have had a lot of things off of their menu, however, my favorite are the Seared Tuna, Beef Medallions, Any of their burgers, and most absolutely my best favorite, the fish and chips. I do not know what they do different than any other place, but holy crap! AMAZING!   They tote that they have the hottest wings you will ever taste and fortunately, this is the ONLY thing I can complain about. Their wings suck! they aren't hot. They taste like they are doused in Franks Red hot. No I don't recommend them. But they do the IRISH food and drink perfectly and let's face it, Wings AREN'T Irish. So, it doesn't hurt my feelings that their wings aren't great.   Check it out, relax, enjoy yourself, watch a fight or two and come with your friendly attitude because everyone is cool.   Lata all, see you there.
This grill wasn't really for me. I went with other people who liked loud places like this, but it's not really my style. The food wasn't too bad, but the service was pretty poor. It kept taking a long time for our waiter to come back, although they were kind of busy. Still, I probably wouldn't return here.
Good food for a good price - the service was really good as well.     This place is LOADED with TV's so that you can watch them from ANY angle and they were not too loud either!     The atmosphere can be a bit loud though if you wanted to have a good conversation... LOL but that is ok if you know that in advance!
I like to go to local restaurants. I don't really like national chains. If guys invest in a community I support them.  I like this place better than galleghars  which is east on Carefree hwy. nice staff.  Food is just okay. We were there on free wing day   I didn't eat. My buddy said his salad was forgettable.  Lots of tv's.  Good for sports but by the end of the evening lots of tattoos ,skanks and bad loud hip hop music.  If you want a biker bar go up to Cave Creek and go to the Hideaway   This is really Anthem. It is a suburb. But it drags in people you would expect in south Phoenix   Wanna be bad asses. And there are always two bikes out front.  They must pull them out from a garage in back
Food was okay... nothing to rave about.   But the service! Oh, the service.  We chose to eat in the bar table  area... the waitress was just shamefully bad.   Ignoring tables ... getting orders wrong... but she came up to the table and proclaimed "I totally forgot about you guys ", then laughed and said that "at least I'm honest ".  That was the last straw.   We've given you several opportunities to earn our business, and you've not taken advantage of a single one.
The best sports bar in the area!! They really go out of their way to make this place fun. AND there isn't a bad seat in the house for the game. Enjoy!
Always a good crowd at night...like the big patio and music videos.
Great Sports Bar! Brian always goes out of his way to make sure we are good to go! Great people , great food, Great music! Great Bartenders and even great Bouncers! Always accommodating! All The Best Bucky/Cindy!
Food was pretty good, I'd give it 4 stars for bar fare, but my "famous" black and tan burger was well done when ordered medium, small handful of fries, no pickle or other extras just a burger and some fries on a plain old plate. Pretty good though for 10 bucks, and my son's corned beef sandwich had lots of meat (and more fries). Only ketchup on the table so for mustard had to trek around myself because server was way too busy.  Service: everybody including manager looked like they just got home from their day job, didn't change and rolled in to wait tables. Sloppy dress, unprofessional serving skills, an occasional drop by to see if we were OK but certainly nothing special. Atmosphere is fun & active which I liked but service is just OK. A young, uninviting and non-smiling hostess put my group of six guys next to a baseball team of 9-year-olds which according to other reviews seems par for the course.  Summary: I live in Anthem no more than ten minutes away and we have 3 or 4 places just like this right there. I don't see any reason to drive the extra miles, the place is fine as an Irish bar but nothing special.
Love the food!  I'm always happy with the service and the atmosphere is perfect for me.
Fish fry!  I heard that Connolly's had a good fish fry so my friend and tried it tonight.  When we first walked in we were greeted nicely and shown to a table right away.  Our waitress came right away for a drink order and the drinks came quickly.  We both ordered the fish fry  and it came to the table about 10 minutes later.  So far we were really impressed with the great service and looked forward to a nice meal. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.  The fried fish was the worst I have had anywhere in any state.  Whatever kind of fish they serve it's absolutely awful.  At first bite I thought maybe the fish was undercooked because it was mushy.  But no, it was thoroughly cooked but very mushy.  We ate most of the meal and when I mentioned the fish texture to our waitress she said other people had complained about the mushy texture too.  She told us the name of the fish they use but I can't remember it now.  It's definitely not cod, walleye, perch, catfish, haddock, or any fish served at other fish fries.  We will probably go back to Connolly's sometime but we'll be smart enough to never order fish again.  BEWARE OF THE FISH.
Came here with a bunch of Broncos fans for the AFC Championship game and they did a nice job making us all feel at home, with plenty of shout outs over the PA to get our group riled up.  Connolly's Sports Grill is a pretty comfortable sports bar with plenty of TVs.  The food was decent, but portions are a little on the small side for a sports bar.  Went with an order of the potato skins, which were very small for the price.  There were only 4 of them, but they were good.  Real bacon always helps.  Next up was a chicken philly, made with cheese wiz, like they do in Philly (although other cheeses are an option if you wish).  I thought this was one of the better chicken philly's I've had, chopped up and sauted with onions and bell peppers, served on a nice soft roll, with the cheese wiz holding everything together nicely.  And now for the joke of the day....someone at our table ordered the fish and chips.  While nobody complained about the flavor of the fish and chips, one piece looked a little suspicious in shape.  Could it be?  Did they confuse the fish and chips order and give us....Spotted Dick?    As soon as it arrived to the table, cameras started coming out and I knew photos of this "codpiece" were destined to go viral.  It was returned to the kitchen from whence it came, as no man nor woman could take a bite.  I'm sure looking at the picture, you all can understand why.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/connollys-sports-grill-phoenix#jCc8G2-5-vXaskiY3YayIQ  We finished up with a pretty good dessert of rolled cinnamon tortillas, deep fried, and topped with caramel and vanilla ice cream.  Overall if you are in the neighborhood and need a sports bar, Connolly's is a good choice.
Great place to take the kids and get them their first beer. Oh wait they're not 21 yet. We'll once their older they can drink with ol' dad. For now I'll just have to drink a few iced cold brews for us all. I really do enjoy this place. It's very close to some friends houses and we all can kick back and enjoy ourselves here. Good atmosphere. Always try to catch some nfl games here on Sundays.
The staff is great, love the atmosphere and the fish and chips are the best I've had since moving to AZ.
Checked around to see what sports bar had the Big 10 Network, and Connely's the only one anywhere near in N Phoenix. Looked a bit like a biker bar out front with numerous parked bikes and kind of dark inside, but lot's of TVs and low light made for good viewing. Expected country music but it was more alternative, pretty loud, but excellent selection in my opinion. Seemed like a pretty diverse crowd on a late Sunday afternoon. The service was very friendly and prompt. Not a great beer selection, but did have some craft brews on tap along with a number of Irish brews. The burgers we had were excellent and so were the sweet potato fries we had as a side. I highly recommend them. I guess you could call this an Irish pub Sports bar, but pretty hard to label. A lot of TVs and very willing to put on what you want, good food and friendly service, so no labels required.
Me and a coworker went there during the World Cup USA game and it was a complete mess. I worked in a bar for 8 years, and this was the worst experience ever. Waited 15 minutes for service. Waited 30 mins for food. Then another 30 minutes for the waitress to come back over and another 25 mins to pay. The TVs are too small 42" TVs are not what anyone wants to watch the game on, and they are mounted too high. The bartender was also the waitress!!! I couldn't believe that Connellys would set her up for failure like that, she could make a lot more money working somewhere that cares about her.
HORRIBLE! Been here a few times and this was the last night we'll ever go there. Husband ordered all you can fish and chips which came out with maybe 3 small pieces of fish. By the time the waitress came back much later, he re-ordered more. After waiting 20 minutes, a nasty woman with short blond hair bought over 2 tiny pieces of fish. Seriously??? I worked in the rest. business and it doesn't take 20 minutes to fry up 2 fish "nuggets"! And to only bring 2 fish "nuggets" ????  What a JOKE!!! My husband left there hungry! Your cole slaw is nasty also!! And ketchup tasted nasty. We were so pissed we paid and left.  I will give your fish tacos 2 thumbs up. I will miss those.  The 1st waitress who gave us menus and our drink had NO personality. Our actual waitress who we had before was nice. The woman who gave us the 2 fish nuggets came, dropped them on the table and walked away without saying anything. You need to find some waitresses with PERSONALITIES!  We won't be going back to this place!
Fun place and cool staff! There is always a decent crowd and the owners are usually on hand and they do what they can to make sure you are enjoying their place! I would definitely make this a regular stop!
This is an excellent Irish Pub, very comfortable atmosphere, great patio, outstanding service and good food.    I had a stupendous black and tan done the right way and the Irish Beef Stew, the stew was better than the beer.  And from what many of my friends said, most everything on the menu is excellent.  The perfect accent to the meal was the service, even though it was a large group, approx. 15, the server was available, knowledgeable and efficient. It was really a great dining experience.  The only reason it is not getting 5 stars from me is because of the cigar smoking on the patio. I know, smokers are entitled but I don't enjoy it while I am eating.  However, there is no smoking inside and I could have moved inside to avoid it.  Bottom line: great beer selection, good food, excellent service. Go!
Simply amazing! A wonderful, classy, authentic Irish Pub on Mill. The wood, ceiling, and 130 year old bar back is imported from Ireland. Dark mahogany columns and tables shimmer in the candlelight while the silver squares on the ceiling remind you that you are in an Irish bar, not just an Irish themed bar. The music sounded great and was a mix of contemporary Top 40 and Irish folk music. The mix kept my attention.  The staff was courteous, knowledgeable and very classy. I spend a lot of time on Mill and these are the things I look for. These characteristics  separates the bars that are just slapped together by someone who wants to make some money from the college kids from those who are able and willing to do the work necessary to create real value for the city of Tempe. Robbie Fox's looks inviting from the street and the interior doesn't disappoint.   They have a full bar, lots of beers, and daily drink specials. I had the best French onion soup that I have ever tasted. The warm pear tart was delicious, not too sweet but just sweet enough with some ice cream and fresh berries.   I foresee this becoming a place I frequent often. If you like Irish bars but haven't been to Mill for awhile, Robbie Fox's is a great reason to go.
Basically this place is a bad Rula Bula Impersonation. I have been a vegetarian most of my adult life. It has rarely been an issue for me when I go out places. my GF and I went here to give it a shot.  The menu was not all that impressive but we made our selection. After we ordered I decided to check the place out. On my walk I caught a glimpse of  someone cutting vegetables on "what appeared" to be a bloody cutting board. We paid for our food and got it to go and ended up giving it to a homeless guy on mill.  I realize that this may not be an issue to some people but even so, one has to wonder if they are this careless on such a basic level of cleanliness, one can only imagine what else goes on there. why do irish bars insist on shipping wood from Ireland? put those resources into something else. I imagine some carpenter in Ireland getting a good laugh as he counts all his money for shipping wood to the US.
I liked Robbie's a lot! There were a few mix-ups with the appetizer we ordered (which they didn't charge us for in apology) but I can attribute that to them getting things going, it's still a really new restaurant. And the food was delicious - I had a great stew. Also they're really helpful with beer recommendations which is fun, I like to be adventurous with my choices so it was nice to get those suggestions and they'll even bring you a sample.
You need a beer, a friendly conversation, wanna discuss life, the world, politics abroad, in your backyard, and have a comfy meal while all this goes on? Robbie Fox has got you covered.   I've been a few times and have met 2 of the 5 owners. A group of Irishmen. Not I'm irish on St. Patty's type of Irish, not kiss me I'm Irish but I've got the blarney stone in my blood irish, I've looked the IRA in the eye, I play soccer and call it football and I can tell you a few things about some Irish history, Irish. Now, that is Irish. I mention this because they take their bar very, very seriously. The bar itself has a lot of history to it and is a kick to hear about. Other pieces in the bar were brought from Ireland and of course, look for the strongest accented Irishman and he can fill your ear. My point, these guys put a lot of thought into this bar. Which leads me to the food and the booze.   I've had the fish & chips - recommend it, enjoy it, the shepherd's pie, recommend it, enjoy it. I've also dived into the appetizers - garlic shrimp and the chicken pate. If anything, I don't find their menu Irish enough. Now, bear I in mind I'm of the kiss me I'm Irish variety but with this much irishness flowing thru this bar, I wanted to see something more. Dazzle me with something uniquely Irish. Which takes me to the booze. The beer is good and really when is beer not good? When its' warm. There is no warm beer here. I haven't gotten thru all of the beers of which many are from across the pond and I look forward to trying them all. They do have Stella - oh Stella - and Murphy's,- only bar in Az to serve it and  Guinness, like I needed to mention it.  I'm  not really a head into a bar and hang out by myself type, but I find Robbie F's really friendly, the staff aims to please, the hostess takes care of you and the bartender will strike up a conversation. I have included Robbie F's in my friday rotation. So, hit me up when you drop in and we can share a beer and compare worldviews!
Although I give the group of friends I was with Saturday night 5 enthusiastic stars, I have to say this was a very disappointing bar experience. Upon walking in, I immediately felt like the space looked exactly like every other brand new Irish pub - you know the ones pretending to look weathered and old ... and they all end up freakishly looking the same? This place is an exact replica of D'Arcy McGee's at Tempe Marketplace. Which isn't too bad, if you like the pre-packaged, generic Irish pub feel.   I ordered my usual favorite bevvy that I order at every fine Irish establishment - a Snakebite (basic term for a mixture of beer and hard cider) and I said "with Guinness." The bartender looks at me and snaps "that's called a black velvet - NOT a Snakebite" ...  which, I did look up later, and in fact a black velvet was created in London, England, and a traditional Irish Snakebite is made with Guinness - I know this argument is neither here nor there but he was really quite rude about it!  Anyway, the band that was playing reminded me of a cross between Irish music and Kenny Loggins... so we decided to go to our first love.. Rula Bula. I did confess to the bartender at Rula Bula that I did in fact cheat on them "a little bit" ... but they said that after a little bit of counseling our relationship should be back to normal in no time. It was like  I played "just the tip" (look up Old School if you don't know what I am talking about) and I definitely did not like how it feels.
This is a sweet little slice of heaven! Just went here for a late dinner, and here's my thoughts:   I was by myself, so I sat at the bar. The bartender (Ross), was very friendly without being over the top (as some attention-starved barkeeps tend to be). It was later on a Sunday night, so it was a little quiet (expected), but far from dead. The atmosphere was stellar, and the drink selection was very good. (Impressive selection of tap beers as well as Irish whiskeys).   I started off by ordering a Guinness and Connemara. Ross, to make sure I wasn't just ordering the token Irish beer, asked if I had ever had a Murphy's (I had, but I followed his lead and went with his suggestion). Then, when it turns out they were out of Connemara, he suggested either a Redbreast or a Scotch (Balvennie double wood- knowing the peatiness of the Connemara might lean me more toward Scotch than whiskey). He knows his stuff. This time, however, I went with the Redbreast (which is really what I originally wanted, but Connemara can be hard to find). Another impressive point: he introduced himself with a handshake. Not many run-of-the-mill bartenders care this much.   I ended up going with the house burger, which was almost perfect. I ordered it without onions, but that was lost somewhere in the line, and they found their way on top anyway. Oh well. I'll give them the benefit and chalk it up to the music (which was also very good).   Now, I'll say this: the burger was by no means large. But, for the price ($7), and the time of night, it was perfect for me. But, it was extremely tasty (especially with the aged Irish cheddar on top). The garlic fries were amazing too. The good thing is, if I were really hungry, I could order two and still be at a good price point. ($14 bucks ain't bad for a couple of really good burgers). Or... OR, just fill up on another pint of Guinness or Murphy's and you'll be just fine!   All in all, this is a GREAT place. I understand it's new, so I really hope the people of Tempe do their part to keep this one in business. I'd hate to have to come all the way back from Seattle just to help a good business out!   I'm in town on business all week, so I'm already planning on going back. I hear the shepherd's pie is amazing.
FOOD POISONING = signing up for Yelp just to write this review...  I am laying on my sofa as I recover from a bout of food poisoning brought on by the portabella mushroom burger I ate last night at Robbie Fox.    I understand that ordering a vegetarian option at an "Irish Pub" might not be the best idea--but I didn't feel like eating a massive meaty meal and thought the portabella would be nice for dinner.   The service by the server was fine...however, the man who brought our food to the table (a man with a beard wearing a striped shirt that wasn't a uniform) set my fiance's food down correctly naming it and then said: "and here is your mushroom thingy"  I should have known...  To make a long night and story short--two hours later I was throwing up violently for a solid 2-3 hours...and intermittently after that...I felt like I was going to die.  I'm all for weight loss without working out...but when I went to Robbie Fox for dinner I wasn't planning on puking all night and waking up 4.5lbs thinner.    An earlier review said something about chopping veggies on a bloody board and that made me cringe--probably what happened to me...but I ate it and got massive food poisoning.  HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE
I love Irish bars except on St. Patty's Day. This one is pretty good. They have comfy, leather bar stools and the bartenders wear cute skinny green ties. They have great happy hour specials both on food and drink. We had a couple beers, a couple house wines and a shot plus 3 apps for $25. Try the fried potato pancake on a bed of baked beans topped with an over easy egg. Strange but tasty (and 50% off at HH). If you like garlic, the mussels and huge grilled shrimp are also good and also half off during HH. It gets crowded especially on the patio so not the easiest place to step out for a smoke...but  few people smoke anymore so you probably won't care.
I stopped in here for a drink last night before heading over to Valley Art. When I walked in I immediately liked the ambiance. I also loved the smell of steak coming from the kitchen (which I wasn't expecting at an Irish bar). However, things went downhill as we headed out to the patio. The bartender was not very friendly and it took my friend standing at the bar for a few minutes staring the bartender down to even get our drink order in. The one redeeming quality is that they have Strongbow on tap :) I'm giving them three stars based on my short experience there and hopefully that will increase when I have a chance to spend more time there and order food.
Stumbled into this place while looking for a restaurant that turned out to be closed.  We were there relatively early on a Friday night and they were able to seat us.  Very friendly people working there that presented us with a very good pub type menu that was really very good.  I had Fish and Chips, the two wives had a seafood stew pie which they really liked, and my friend had a beef pie.  Beer and wine were half price because of happy hour.  Service was very good and the meal overall was very good and very reasonably priced.  Would definitely go back there.
Fantastic atmosphere.  Super friendly staff.  Very authentic Irish food and drinks.  Excellent beer and spirit options.  Very nice food selection and good quality.  Owners are extremely friendly, genuine, thoughtful people.  Have been once and plan to go again next Thursday after work for a pint and happy hour.  My style is to enjoy good food, drinks and conversation with a couple friends without loud, obnoxious patrons, getting drunk or overwhelmingly loud music.  Relax, enjoy the moment, the company, the food and the drinks in a place like Robbie Fox's.  This is an exceptional place for doing just that.
After seeing an article in the Arizona Republic for this place, and myself being 100% Irish, I had to try Robbie Fox's.  Decided to check it out during the Festival of the Arts in March 2010, while Mill Avenue was shut down.  Very, very good!!  They have a great selection of beer on tap.  I hadn't seen Murphy's Stout on tap since my trip to Ireland in 1986.  Robbie's has it!  I tried their fish and chips for lunch.  It comes in two sizes, small and large.  I got the small, and it was the best fish and chips I've had since I had it at Seamus McCaffrey's in downtown Phoenix.  I introduced myself to Robbie Fox (yes, he was there) and came to find out I worked with his now ex-wife.  As Robbie said, "what a small world it is".  I like Robbie's better than Rula Bula (sorry, Rula). They have an excellent outdoor bar, too.  It's the first outdoor bar I've seen with beer on tap available.
This place is alright sat out on the patio, had a few drinks during happy hour they had $2 jamison's so I can really complain. I'm not sure what the other happy hour special were because our server never said and then we got a different server because the other girls was off. Our new server was getting ready to tell us then walked off for something and by that time it was time for me to go!
Went to this new establishment after the Aloha Fest on a Sunday night. The server was bright and energetic, eager to help is each find a beer we would enjoy. I knocked a star off for the slightly limited menu - I think they should gave more snack or appetizer options given the crowd on Mill.  Overall?  Fantastic Shiraz from southest Australia.  Had a good time with great friends and looking forward to returning the next time we are in Tempe!
I've experienced better.  It's called Rula Bula.  It's right around the corner.  My distaste for this place began a week or so before I ever set foot in the establishment.  My husband and I were with our kids, walking around  Mill and walked past the restaurant, where they had an employee standing outside trying to rally some business.  We ended up having a short conversation with her in which she stated that we should come to Robbie Fox's, "the only authentic Irish pub in Tempe."  To this, we replied, "Haven't you ever heard of Rula Bula?"  "Yes," she told us, "this is better."  My husband and I have been faithful Rula Bula patrons for many years.  I couldn't imagine anyone in Tempe having better fish and chips than them...  ...but, for some reason my curiosity got the best of me and I stopped by Robbie Fox's for a late lunch one afternoon when my daughter and I were out walking around Mill.  I had a hankering for fish and chips and figured I'd give it a try, even though I knew it probably wouldn't compare to Rula Bula's.  I was right.  Not even in the same league.  Even the chips were inferior.  Their "chips" are more like shoe string french fries which I'm not a fan of because there's so little potato to them.  Their tartar sauce was pretty standard, again, inferior to Rula Bula's.    The service was good, and normally I like it when the waitress gives my daughter a little attention, and acknowledges her undeniable cuteness (okay, maybe I'm a little biased) but this waitress seriously wouldn't leave us alone.  Give me some space, I'm eating.  At the end of the meal, she brought my daughter a bowl of ice cream.  Although it was a very nice gesture, my daughter hadn't eaten more than two bites of her food, and I really hadn't planned on giving her any sort of sweets.  While free food is always appreciated, it's best to ask before you put a bowl of ice cream in front of a toddler.    I don't think I can betray Rula Bula again.
I stopped by Robbie Fox's for a mid-week lunch. It wasn't busy, but had a good feel. A little light jazz in the background made for a relaxing lunch.   Looking over the menu I ordered the Robbie Fox - I figured, its the restaurant's namesake, so why not give it a try? The menu describes the sandwich as irish bacon & fried egg on crispy white bread served with chips. I mistakenly thought it was a typical sandwich, but it is actually an open-faced sandwich. The egg isn't completely fried - a little over-easy because it is runny when cut. Still, it was good.   The chips were good - I liked the small size and they were crispy. There was some nice underlying flavor, but more overpowering was the level of salt. I don't add salt to anything, so it was too much for me. The water for my beverage was a good choice.  The portion was large, and with the fries it was a large plate for just $7. Since i ordered the water, total lunch bill was $7. Now that's descent!
Just went there last night with a big group. They were friendly and accommodating. They have a good selection of beer (in addition to other drinks). The food was good and reasonably priced.  I ended up having the corned beef sandwich since I didn't get one for St. Patty's day last month. It was very good except for the slightly soggy bottom piece of bread. I could still hold it though...just a little messy.
I enjoy the food and the service, the menu could have a few more items. No cover ever is a plus. they Have Murphys on tap! Only place on Mill Ave. with Murphys!
I recently met some friends at Robbie Fox's and thoroughly enjoyed it. Ok, the wedge salad wasn't really a "salad" but actually just a wedge of iceberg lettuce which made it a little hard to eat, but the environment was great, server was super nice and paid just enough attention, great selection of food and drinks - and wine! - and we had a great time.  Until the band started. They were good, but we were sitting behind the speakers and it was SO LOUD it was actually painful for us. The volume  immediately halted all conversation- even attempts at conversation - and it physically hurt so much we were forced to leave right away, effectively killing our evening. We probably would have stayed and had another bottle of wine if not for the band's volume. I'm all for good live music, but I prefer to leave with my eardrums intact.  And hey guys? When you *are a good band, you don't need to be quite that loud. They would have been good to hear for a while, if we could still hear at all.  So yes, I'll definitely go again but I'll plan to end my time there before 10pm.
Disappointed is my one word attitude after visiting this pub. Out of four meals only one met expectations. The eggs were so undercooked the whites were more runny than the yokes. The red meats were cooked opposite our request. The "rare" steak was overcooked and tough as leather. The "medium" steak sandwich was still mooing. The server was awesome, but with completely disappointing food, and service alone does not make me want to return, and I won't. There are countless pubs in the area that I would pick over this one. They spent a lot of money on the decor, and none of it creating safe and appetizing food.
We went a couple weeks ago since we like to try new places.  It's a cute place but the way they lay their tables out makes it really cramped in places.  The bathrooms were clean well I only know that the women's restroom was clean and they have a decent happy hour from what my fiancee tells me.   Both of us started with soup, he got the special soup, pretty good, and I got the french onion soup, which would've been good if it were hot.  The cottage pie was okay, a little bland for me, and the fish and chips were great, the breading wasn't too thick and was crispy.   The server however, blew.  Never got her name since she never gave it, and she wasn't friendly at all and was very slow, didn't even see a smile out of her with us or any of her other tables...but the MOD was great, he ended up finishing our table, and the only reason we left a tip is because I know servers have to tip our bussers and bartenders.  We will go back as long as we don't get her as our server!
The first time I came here was on St. Patrick's day, so I figured I'd give them another chance.  I was getting sick of the same old at Rula Bula, and was hoping they would be all that Rula was missing.  We came before a show at the Marquee, and my friend Danielle was drawn right to the raw oysters.  She loved them.  I had a steak sandwich which was so-so, and I thought the prices were a wee bit high for what you got.  They did have a decent beer list, but it's much more of a sit down restaurant then a friendly pub.
The third star on this one is because they have three ciders available including Strongbow on tap!  I am pretty sure that this place is going to be a good people watching location if you position yourself properly in the very back of the room where the wall is painted red and there is no way for anyone to walk behind you.  Average service could be enhanced to induce more stars and more spending from me.  Two dollar drafts at happy hour is not a bad ploy either.  The place was clean...and smelled good.  I swear that I heard them play both Edith Piaf and the Allyson Moyet on the satellite music station.  I love it.  I do think that the presence of the owner ( or one of the owners) made the vibe all the more legitimate Irish than wanna-be Irish.  So, my first impression vote goes to Jen K whose suggestion it was to hit this place up on a Wednesday happy hour.  Thanks Darrin G and Jeff  Z too for dealing with my late arrival.
Upon subsequent visits I have found Robbie Fox's to be consistent in several things... 1.  Sylvia, the server is amazing so ask for her to serve you.  The other servers are also nice, but Sylvia is personable, always ready with a smile and good at what she does... 2. Wren and Chris in the kitchen are putting out AMAZING food.  Not your average pub food.  I have officially tasted all things on the appetizer list and also a few of their other items and have not had a bad thing yet!  ALL is good.  I hesitate to recommend any one thing as they update the menu appropriately, but their garlic shrimp, seafood roll, and samosas are really good!!! Ugh! how can i not also recommend their salmon wrapped in philo dough and stuffed with spinach!  And what about the blue crab stuffed avocado???  YUM!  3. Are you kidding me? Michael the manager is so cool. And Robbie himself continues to lend authenticity to this super - after work location.  I really felt at home because they have introduced a "family" atmosphere there. Rachel, who works the door begins this process of transforming you from the heat of the AZ streets to the warmth of a true Irish Public House.  4.  The clientele, which I know the staff at Robbie Fox's can hardly do much about...is decidely mature, positive, cosmopolitan, and there is such good people watching here.  You might see me there a few times taking it all in!
Going to Robbie Fox's was probably my worst restaurant experience ever!!! And I spent five years in the industry.  The reviews and the menu indicated that this place had more of a restaurant than a pub style atmosphere . So I decided to stop in with my wife and baby for LUNCH in the middle of a Saturday afternoon. Well, by the time we left, my wife was nearly in tears because she feared that the employee who greeted us might hit me. They had a bouncer, not  a hostess, outside the door to greet us, or rather rebuke us for trying to enter with our baby in the middle of the afternoon. The bouncer was very rude and treated my family like some drunken ASU students. He was very unprofessional, perhaps a result of performing his job duties in 110 F weather. When I asked for an explanation he immediately accused me of trying to argue with him rather than letting me know that there was a large crowd of rowdy soccer fans inside but that it should calm down in about a half hour when the game ends, which I did not become aware of until later that day. When I questioned his attitude and asked to speak with a manager he got angered and raised his voice. I raised mine a bit in return. My wife asked that we leave, quivering.  I emailed the GM, Mike Aiton, about the situation. It is almost two weeks later and no response. His help definitely needs to be told to drop the tough guy attitude. This sort of behavior is completely unacceptable.   I have never experienced bouncers with this sort of attitude at any Mill Ave bars much less a Mill Ave restaurant.   Try Rula Bula (down the street), Casey Moore's (on Ash I think) or Darcy McGee's at Tempe Marketplace if you want an Irish public house.
I've been here half a dozen times now, and it's definitely decent.  The atmosphere is solid... the owners have gone above and beyond to provide an authentic, Irish feel.  You can almost always find live music on the weekends, and it's a perfect location.  The food is above average... decent fish n' chips, semi-weak burgers, and excellent muscles and oysters.  Keep it up Robbie!
The food used to be great at this spot offering up Irish fare that rivaled the long time favorite Rula Bula. However, it seems that recently they have decided to change their menu (in order to cut food cost it seems) and take the fish n chips dinner ($12) down to only 2 small pieces of fish. The chips also got changed to small thin fries that are too greasy for all but the strongest of stomachs.   So what about the drinks you ask ? Well, the Guinness is great and the atmosphere is not so bad either, atleast until 10pm. After 10pm the college crown rolls in and the glass goes away in favor of plastic cups. Sorry Robbie, I'm not going to drink my whiskey out of a plastic cup. I don't care what time it is.  Save yourself the trouble and go to Rula. Unless your looking to hit on or actually hit some overly drunk college kids.
The country pie was at least edible and a good selection of beers were available, hence the two stars. Here's where it goes downhill. Chicken mushroom with wild rice, their most recommended dish, was severely undercooked. Brought second which was better but still a little soft. Waitress was newbie and no help from other waiters was ever offered. Even after manager came and apologized and offered to comp the meal for the raw chicken the waitress still charged us and manager was nowhere to be seen. At that point I just wanted out of there.
I hate long lines.  Call me a dive bar brat or tell me that I need to get cooler so I have more friends and get get on lists but I despise waiting in line.  That being said - the line at Robbie Fox's is well worth it!   I was skeptical about the joint the first time I walked in.  I thought, this is going to be another one of those lame, cookie cutter type bars that throw an Irish exterior on and are super boring inside (Tempe Marketplace, ahem.).  Not the case!  I've been here on several evenings and have found the Fox family capable of inducing a super fun time on almost any occasion.  In addition, they were THE spot to be for the World Cup.  I watched both Saturday US games and an Argentina game here and it was a blast.  Totally packed and rivaled the NY bars that were shown on TV.  I had some corn beef hash and it was pretty delicious, and when I asked for a cup of coffee (8am saturday) with as much alcohol as possible in it I got a mouth full of energizing Jameson - perfect!  I had the fortune of meeting Mrs. Owner (Fox?) while she was scrubbing away at the floors and she was super nice - I hope she makes a million dollars from this place.
The wife and I swung in here on a suggestion from someone we stopped on the street.  While it was a little difficult to find, it paid off with a fantastic happy hour menu.  We had some excellent clams, and some nice crab cakes too, if I recall.  Very friendly staff and locals around the bar.  Next time I'm in Tempe I'll be stopping by again.
I can't review this place for food but i can for the party and man is it a party. I have been coming here all summer long (before the college crowd showed back up) and have really enjoyed it. The drinks are mixed just the way i like (lots of booze little else) and the price is just what I like (reasonable).  I love that they have sailor jerry's here so that for $5 I get a stiff rum and coke that tastes good and packs a punch (if you like captain and coke try a sailor jerry's it tastes better in my mind and is higher proof for usually the same price).   I have also found the staff to be very friendly especially the bartenders if you get them when the place isn't swapped and even the bouncers are nice enough with small talk when checking ID's which is rare on Mill. I know first hand I have an out of state ID and these guys like something else but are always polite about it and when i have it ready are sure to thank me for being prepared. Not the typical grunting or head motions.  Quickly this is becoming a favorite spot on Mill and as the weather cools the patio with a Dj will be a great spot.
Great chill place on a Wednesday night.  There is a nice exterior patio to hangout.  The fish and chips are super yummy.  It was fried well and perfectly cooked.  The server was nice (not super aggressive like other bars).
Had lunch here with some folks from our office.  Being new to Phoenix, I really liked the location.  Food was good.  I had the halibut and chips.  Can't really go wrong with that at a pub, right?    Hostess was nice, waitress was pleasant.    Unfortunately we were seated near the front window.... along with an extended family of flies.  (Nasty)  Seriously, there had to have been 20 flies having lunch with us.  When we pointed this out to the staff all they said was they try to keep the front doors open to keep it cool and that flies get in.  Duh.  No effort to get rid of the flies, no offer to re-seat us.   What a shame.
I didn't get a chance to try the food here because they weren't serving any food when I went. Lets see, Summer 2010, FIFA World Cup. Robbie Fox was one of the few guys willing to open up his shop at 5:30 for soccer. Awesome.  We just ordered a few drinks, and watched the game it was Netherlands vs Sweden I think, and there were some crazy dutch guys there. Made the atmosphere pretty cool. Nice place to catch a game.  Apparently there was gonna be food here when they opened, but there never was. It was a perpetual waiting game, and it was always like, "yeah, the food/cook is gonna be here in 5 minutes". Eventually, the game ended and yeah, no food. Poor customer service in my opinion, if you say there is gonna be food there should be food. I'll try it some other time if I get the chance.
Short on time so I will give a simple review.  Excellent food.  Loved the lamb stew.  Wonderful flavor, scent, garnish, visual and most importantly taste.  I will point out that the stew should come with a couple good slices of bread, but when I requested it, it was quickly and cheerfully brought.  The potato cakes were yummy, but did not need the quantity of beans that accompanied.  Beautiful interior and good looking restaurant all the way around.  Good beer selection and our server was knowledgeable of the beer characteristics.  Caitlin was an excellent, attentive, efficient and charming server.  Well done!  Pub was fairly busy on a Monday night with a majority twenty something college audience.  What do you expect in a college town?!?!  Very pleased with our experience, and given that there were at least three more items on the menu that I wanted to try...I am looking forward to going back during my time in Phoenix.
I have been to many other Irish pubs around town and this is, by far, the best one around! The servers and bartenders are friendly & assertive. The bar itself is classy, & authentically Irish... You won't see any cheesy shamrock stuff around this place. And best of all, the owners are Irish and you will almost always find at least one of them drinking at the bar or working hard at the pub. The drinks are reasonably priced, especially for Mill Ave. They have a great selection of beers as well. If you're looking for a tasty meal, try the chicken tenders! They are clearly not straight out of the freezer like most chicken tenders. They are moist, white meat chicken, lightly breaded, and not too greasy! They come with shoe string fries, or as they like to call them, "chips"! Haha And if you come in for happy hour, they are 1/2 off! If you're looking for more of a "college party vibe" come in Thursday-Saturday after 10:30pm. They have a DJ outside on the patio and a live band playing insider on almost every Friday & Saturday night. If you haven't been to this local Gem, you must go experience it for yourself!
Robbie Fox is amazing. I'd like to have an affair with him. The first time I came here he personally did an Irish jig for my table, complete with a traditional Irish Christmas carol entitled "Merry F*cking Christmas". I was surprised that a place that looks so classy has shots of Jameson for $5. Haven't tried the food yet, but the menu looks great and I'll definitely be back. One caveat is that I recommend coming before 10pm, as that's when the good music gets turned off and the DJ and ASU d-bags arrive. *oonts oonts oonts* "Hey brah!"
One of Mill Ave's shining stars.  Cons first - drinks are not that cheap, and I havent really seen any specials there.  Ive had their food once and it was mediocre (mussels and some sausage app that was more like hot dogs...).  Lastly they often have a very long line to get in on their busy nights (20+ min wait to get in the front door is not unusual on the weekends).  Ok, now the good stuff - beers, lots of good beer on draft including Guinness, Smithwicks, plus several other decent choices.  When they have the irish bands in there its really fun and a great atmosphere.  They have a good sized patio (that just got a lot bigger with a new addition) that is good for socializing.   The staff is all pretty friendly and the bartenders are pretty quick even when its packed.  Love the inside bar and barstools they have for it.
Good happy hour prices, fancy yummy food, and an awesome patio bar. Robbie Fox himself is there sometimes and he is a delightful, foul mouthed, Irish man whom I wouldn't mind making babies with. He even serenaded my table with everyone's holiday favorite "Merry F*cking Christmas". I also river danced for the whole bar and they were a lively group. Saw some old ladies doing the electric slide. Fun for the whole family...(except kids probably)
Gonna keep this pretty short. I'll come back to Robbie's for the chill back patio and for the drinks but not likely the food. I've tried a few different plates here with the crab cakes being pretty decent but I mean how do you screw up a cottage pie that badly?!
so i have been to robbies several times.  everything i've eaten there i liked.  i mean really liked.  tonight was the best.  i had the best waiter "eric" helping me with several things including finding the app for "angry birds" on my android .  he also steered me to the special which was the most amazing surf n turf i've prob ever had.  prime rib, cooked just as i asked.  almond crusted prawns!  and steamed veggies .  i told him i wanted to lick the plate!  it was early tonight when we went for dinner so it was quiet, and that's a 1st for robbie fox.  every other time i've gone i enjoyed the lively atmosphere and the great live music.  and as mentioned the food has always been tops.  i was so happy tonight i went for dessert and OMG!  bread pudding shot to the top of favorites @ this place.  sooo good.  even tho i was full from the meal i couldn't stop.  it's the holidays right?  lol  anyway if you've never been to robbies there are a number of reasons for you to go....so what are you waiting for ?
After living in Europe for 4 years I have been spoiled by classic Irish pubs only to be disappointed by what I found upon my return to the states, that is until I found Robbie Fox!  Not only is the food top notch, but the atmosphere, beer selection and women are absolutely perfect. I always have a great time while I am there. I even got to meet Robbie and have to say even he is a great guy!
Really a great place for lunch.  The atmosphere is very upbeat, clean and brightly lit.  The dcor is a bit of a mix between cool and clich, but nice overall.  The staff has always been incredibly friendly and helpful when posing questions about the menu.  One of their staples is, of course, bangers and mash.  I've had this at a few places around the Phoenix-metro area now and theirs is, by far, the best.  The mashed potato's taste hand-made and the bangers were very high quality with a good roast on them.  Upon my visit today, they were having a $5 burger special.  Served with sweet potato fries, I chose the "Irish" burger -- which has onion, leek and apple mixed in with the burger before grilling.  Even having ordered it well-done, it was quite juicy and a well-portioned size.    The uniqueness of the burger was overpowered by the fries though.  While very good themselves, I'm not sure if it was the richness of the fries, or the amount that they give you.  I will absolutely be heading back; bangers and mash never get old and I hear that their chicken tenders are pretty good too!
Yawn...another "Irish" pub....funny thing is, the owner of this one is Irish, I believe.  Modeled after Johnnie Fox's in Dublin, Ireland (not very well, I might add), although the real Johnnie Fox's might not appeal to the masses here in Arizona.  Interesting choice of location, right between two other well established Irish pubs (Casey Moore's and Rula Bula).  I'll give the bar staff 4 stars as well.  Friendly and attentive.  They lose a star for pouring their whisky not a ml heavy. Let's cut to the chase, If you want loud, college party atmosphere, show up after 10:00.  Don't look for a seat at the bar, as they will have removed them. If you want to enjoy a pint or two and average to below average food, it's OK, but I would rather spend my hard earned dollars somewhere else.
One of my favorite places on Mill. I'm a sucker for Euro-type bars and this place has an awesome pub feel. Thursday's they play techno music on the patio and awesome beer prices. Haven't tried the food though. This place is constantly crowded though, Thurs-Sat so get there early.
I can't send enough love to these guys. The pub has a homey atmosphere during the day and into happy hour and turns into a rocking party after 9ish on the weekends.   I am a sucker for a good happy hour and this place has possibly the best in Tempe. Where else can you get a $2!! Jameson? They are only $5 regularly, but 4-7 weekdays are a real steal. Also on happy hour are $3 glasses of wine, well drinks (which are made with surprisely decent liquors) and $1 off a great draft selection. I suggest a Murphy's with a splash of Framboise - just a little for the berry flavor or it gets too sweet.   Also on special is the entire appetizer list at half off. You can easily make a meal out of the mussels at $5 or the chicken strips or sausages, which both include a big basket of tasty fries.   The regular menu has a lot of variety and you can't go wrong with any of the "pies", cottage, Guinness, chicken or my personal favorite, the seafood.   Sunday's before 6pm you can also enjoy happy hour pricing on appetizers as well as half priced bottles of wine. The patio is always dog friendly and every first Sunday of the month they now have a Doggy Brunch until 3 - mine loves to split a basket of chicken fingers. I feel pretty good about treating her a little.   Robbie's has a great European cafe society feel to it, and the regulars all know each other's names. We came in for the deals and drinks and stayed because we've been treated like part of the family and not expendable customers.
Restaurant by day, popular bar by night. Ever since this place opened, it's been a happenin' spot. They have a large patio with its own bar and usually a DJ. Inside, there is a small stage and usually have an Irish band playing. I've eaten there also- pretty good food. Mostly, I just go for a few drinks and to hang out with friends.
My experience at Robbie Fox's Public House varied greatly from my experience at the lesser known Robbie Fox's Private House (invitation only).  At the public house we were greeted warmly and seated promptly.  We enjoyed the pub atmosphere.  I had the fish & chips (as I often do).  I was pleasantly surprised by the fish. It was nicely battered, thick but not too heavy.  The fish itself was done just right, flaky but tender.  There's nothing worse than chewy, overdone fish.  The "chips" were actually skinny or pencil fries, not what I expected or prefer with fish.  I prefer the thicker cut, more traditional chips.  I also enjoyed a 90 schilling.  Service was good throughout the meal.  At Robbie Fox's Private House (you have to ask a server for the password to gain access to the secret entrance) I had quite a carousing time and the Irish Whiskey flowed like water. As a matter of fact, when I requested water in a futile attempt to stay hydrated and avoid a hangover, several drunken blokes at the bar turned and shouted that I had a face that would "drive rats from a barn."  This of course led to a lively but short lived brawl that degenerated into Irish drinking songs.  All was tilting along fairly well then until a gnarly old hag slipped on bangers & mash that had been slung over the bar during the earlier melee.    When not a soul sprang to her aid immediately, she launched into such a profanity laden tirade that even the most jaded of drunkards about lost their ruddy color momentarily.  I pulled Macklin O'Shea away just afore he mistook her for  the head in his drunken stupor and the last thing I heard her shout was  "May the cat eat you and the devil eat the cat!"  I'm not sure if Robbie Fox's Private House is even open anymore but the Public House certainly is and I would recommend it for fish & chips and a bout of drinking.
I would first just like to say this is by far the BEST Irish pub in Tempe. When you walk in people smile and say hello. The staff is very friendly and always prompt to get you anything you need. The management staff is always checking in to be sure everything is up to par as well. You can always see the owners enjoying a chat with the patrons at the bar.  As far as the food goes by far some of the best food available in the area, The fish and chips are brought to you crisp and not soggy. They have a great range of food selections as well. The best item so far on the menu would be the Bollycotton Seafood Pie, it is to die for.  For those who are not into seafood try the Guinness Pot Pie, it has a very hearty taste and hits the spot quite well!  The Atmosphere is similar to most Tempe Pubs, except that Robbie Fox's has the largest patio in Tempe, wrapping completely around the pub. The patio has patio furniture to lounge on and is quite comfortable on a nice Arizona day, there are misters outside for the hotter days so you can still enjoy the outdoor weather.  Overall I would say Robbie Fox has no competition in Tempe because it is an Irish pub run by Dublin natives!
As Irish as you can get on Mill Ave.   Friends and I enjoyed Robbie Fox's the evening of the Beer Fest Pub Crawl a few weeks ago. Everything was great from the atmosphere to the service which was quick and friendly.   I liked the layout of the exterior patio so much, we'll be using it for an event space in the near future.   Overall great place to enjoy a Guinness with the friendliest people.
We really enjoyed this place yesterday afternoon.  They have some of my favorites on tap - Framboise, Rogue Dead Guy and Strongbow Cider - yummy!  Bartender was super friendly and the place has a cool, relaxed feeling to it. The outdoor patio is pet friendly, so definitely a plus!
This pub's owners certainly had some cojones opening shop just down the road from Mill Avenue mainstay Rula Bula -- and it likely won't be long before they're packing up the Jameson barrels and Irish charm and locking the door for the final time, because Robbie Fox's doesn't hold a candle to its nearby competition. It's never a good sign when a restaurant advertises its daily special as swordfish on the sign out front, but the waitress tells you the special is catfish. That's a clear sign of a dining establishment that doesn't have its act together.  First, the good: A strong variety of Irish whiskeys, Scotch whiskeys and Irish/UK beers. Jameson is sold for a very reasonable $5 a glass (and a ridiculously good $2 during happy hour) and the bar portion of the restaurant seems like a great hangout. The restaurant's proximity to Churchill's Cigars and a spacious patio makes for a nice way to relaxing with a Scotch in one hand and a cigar in the other.  However, there is much more (or less, I suppose) to this place than just the bar. The ambiance is nice, though done much better at other local pubs, including Lis Doon Varna in Peoria.   The food, however, is quite disappointing. While I initially gave the proprietors credit for correctly calling one of their menu items "cottage pie," as it was made of ground beef (and shepherd's pie requires ground lamb), upon tasting the dish, it should have its name changed to "exceptionally bland gravy with undercooked veggies and flavorless ground beef, covered in confusingly bland whipped potatoes." Yikes. I have no idea how such a rustic, simple, savory dish can turn out so nearly inedible because of a lack of flavor.   All of the food was not bad. The fish and chips were quite good -- the fish was perfectly fried, seasoned properly and delicious, though I do wish it had been a traditional piece of batter-fried fish, not an entire fish filet. The shape and size of the filet required a knife and fork to eat, which unfortunately means you can't easily dunk the fish into the divinely snappy tartar sauce.   But just when you think they are doing something right, Robbie Fox's once again returns to mediocrity (at best). The mushy peas? They could be tasty, if they were even slightly salted. Outside of chips at a Mexican food restaurant, I shouldn't have to salt my food. The same goes for the shoestring fries that accompanied the fish.  The final straw for me was the service. We dined at about 5:30 on a Saturday. The restaurant was not busy, and there were at least three servers taking care of the dining area, but we rarely saw our waitress.
I like the back area of the bar outside. The music is pretty good. Didn't get to stay there long. I'll have to try it again some time.
OK, truth be told...I made a wrong turn on the way back to the Phoenix airport and ended up in Tempe. It looked like a cool little college town, so I parked the car and strolled around. Came across Sarah, this effervescent little hostess standing outside of Robbie Fox's. She showed me the menu and described some of the items in her Swiss accent (not Irish, Swiss). I decided to give it a try, and I was not disappointed. I sat out on the back patio on this warm evening, able to watch the crowds and a few hockey games on TV. Service was great. Silvie (another non-Irish...this time a Czech!) took care of me very well. I had the beet salad, which was outstanding and the tavern steak. It was a bit fatty but otherwise very tasty.  All in all, well worth the stop
Robbie Fox's is a great place to hangout by Mill on the patio enjoying great drinks and great food and good people to mingle with. My favorite bar in Tempe. Bring your dog, Robbie himself is a dog lover and will take good care of your pup with water and treats! Try the sliders or the calamari as an app, 1/2 off during happy hour. Great bottled and draft beer selection but, you pay for the great service and atmosphere but its still very reasonable for a nice establishment (quality drafts are ~$5). I could hangout all day at Robbie's. Cigar smokers welcome here. All in all you can't go wrong. Robbie Fox himself is usually at the bar mingling with his customers, a really nice guy which will give you such a warmer feeling than chain restaurants do, the staff Rocks.  See you there!
The staff here makes you feel like you are family and at home! The owners come out and meet you too. Great atmosphere and energy! I have not tried there food yet but I have not hear one bad thing about this place. I love stopping by and getting a warm welcome from them!
I wanted to really love this place, but I don't.  The rating is more like a 3.5 stars.  They have great happy hour specials on appetizers and they offer discounts for facebook fans.  The atmosphere is nice and the service is good too.  However, their food is so hit or miss.  Some things on their menu are really great, some things are not so great, and some things are sometimes good and others times not.  There seems to be a general lack in quality control and consistency.  If they can change just these, this would be the best Irish pub in Tempe.    I've tried various things on their menu, here is a summary of my experiences so far:  1) Panco Crusted Crab Cakes: i was really excited when I saw this on the menu.  I love seafood, and especially crab.  But it was a bit disappointing.  The crab cakes are very small, and they are not made fresh.  Mine were also still cold when they were served.   2) Prince Edward Island Mussels: I was excited about these as well.  The mussels were cooked fairly well, but I don't think they were very fresh.  Also, the broth they came in was really, really salty.  3) Ballycotton Seafood Chowder: I have tried this on two different occasions.  The first time, it was very good.  The soup was full of flavor, not too thick and not too watery.  But then the second time, it was watery and I could barely taste any seafood. It seemed more like a cup of watery potato and vegetable soup with seafood. Yes, I know this sounds contradictory, but the soup did have seafood in it.  It just didn't tast like it did.  4) Sauteed Garlic Shrimp: This is one of my favorite appetizers at Robbie's. The sauce is very tasty, however a bit on the salty side due to over-reduction.  5) Black Pudding:  Another hit.  Even though you might not like the sound of black pudding, I recommend everyone try this at least once.  It is delicious, including the sauce.   6) The corn beef sliders:  It's my husband's go to appetizer.  Not bad, although I find it a bit dry sometimes.  7) Fried Calamari: Another hit.  Light and crispy.   8) Irish Style Potato Cakes:  My husband and I both love this.  it might seem like an odd combination but the flavors of the egg, baked beans, and potato really go well together.     9) Tavern Steak: The kind of steak you end up getting will depend on what they have for that night.  My husband lucked out one night and got a ribeye...my favorite cut.  It was cooked really well, perfect medium rare.   10) Eggplant Parmesan Burger:  This could have been good, except both times I ordered it the eggplant was undercooked.  They give a generous thick piece of eggplant, but because of it's thickness it is never fully cooked.    I could go one, but I don't think I need to.
love this place!!!!  went here for my husbands birthday and we had a great time.  the food was delicious, the drinks were great and the staff were a good laugh. the patio is amazing, one of the best we have been to around tempe. the have awesome happy hour deals as well. would have loved to stay for the live music.  looking forward to going back!
While waiting to see the Rocky Horror Picture Show at Madcap Theaters, we stopped by for a quick drink.  What a lively place! Music that makes you want to move, reasonably priced beverages, and a hip/fun atmosphere with quality patrons (meaning I didn't get the impression they were there just to get drunk, like most other Mill Ave bars), and you've got a real winner on your hands.  Hope they put in a dance floor!
I cannot say enough about this pub/ my second home. The pub has a homey/ family atmosphere during the day and into happy hour. At night it turns into a fun rocking hang out, especially on the weekends.   I am a sucker for a good happy hour and this place has possibly the best in Tempe. $2!! Jameson They are only $5 regularly, but 4-7 weekdays are a real steal. Also on happy hour are $3 glasses of wine, well drinks (which are made with surprisingly decent liquors) and $1 off a great draft selection. I suggest Jameson and Ginger during happy hour, or a nice Magners or the Irish mainstay Guinness. ( Which is poured to perfection, make sure Jay, Ross, or Brandon are pouring)   Also on special is the entire appetizer list at half off. You can easily make a meal out of the mussels at $5 or the best chicken strips ever, or sausages, which both include a big basket of tasty fries. My personal favorites the Garlic Shrimp and Irish Potato Cakes are a must have!!!   The regular menu has a lot of variety and you can't go wrong with any of the "pies", cottage, Guinness, chicken or my personal favorite, the seafood. The Robbie Fox or the Southern Chicken sandwich are also amazing. They also switch their menu around to match the season's. The summer menu debut's 6/17!!   Sunday's before 6pm you can also enjoy happy hour pricing on appetizers as well as half priced bottles of wine. The patio is always dog friendly and every first Sunday of the month they now have a Doggy Brunch until 3   Robbie's has a great European cafe society feel to it, and the regulars all know each others names and are family. Check out the framed photo of the lads/ regulars on the west wall when walking in. Robbie Fox, Dominic Jones and Ann-Marie are always there and are never to shy to make sure your visit was great, your service rocked or walk up to say hi or give you a pat on the back!   Robbie owns the patio and has a plethora of music playing during all times of the day and night. You cannot sit at the bar and not have some sort of sing along with the regulars.   All in all RFPH is literally a pub " Where everybody knows your Name"   Remember: We came for a pint but stayed for the Craic!!!!!
Great drinks, great atmosphere.  So So food.  Nothing here is super tasty, but then again you aren't here for the food.  You're here for the friendly service.  The feeling that you are in a friendly pub and you're with good friends.  They don't make you feel bad if you get a little rowdy which is nice.  The menu tries to be upscale, but the food is meh.  Stick with the usual fried stuff and you'll be safe.  (Do not order crab cakes!)
Joining a large "going away" party, Robbie's was one stop on our bar crawl. While significantly better than Cue Club, Robbie's was just ok. We walked in and a very loud, but good Irish band is rocking out. We make our way through the crowded bar and see many options for beer/cider on tap. Great! I think my pal's $5 coors light seems a buck too much but my strongbow and carlsberg purchases were reasonable ($12). The bartenders were swift but looked stressed out.  They do something I think every bar should do: To start a tab your card is swiped and returned to you to prevent the leaving of cards. Brilliant!   Outside is crowded, hot and we pick a spot next to two drunk girls "dancing" and knocking over/ breaking bottles which cuts my friends foot. Not cool. Generic radio music is playing outside, and we leave after two drinks.   Robbie's is so-so. I'd go again with a group, but I do not see visits being frequent.
I'm always hesitant to go anywhere on Mill Ave when ASU is in session, especially a pub of any kind, on a Saturday evening.  But, I've apparently been out of school so long that I had forgotten the students do not make their appearance until long after I would already be home.  So I was surprised to find Robbie Fox's fairly empty.  Although there were some parties on the patio, the restaurant was almost empty.  I was also surprised to find white tablecloths, a menu that includes such entrees as curry chicken and cioppino in addition to Irish fare, and Rat Pack music in the background.  I have no complaints, just surprised.  Since this was the first week of my (politically correct) temporary change in eating habits, I actually considered grilled salmon or a salad.  However, I didn't want to have to make the effort to glare at my husband all night watching him eat his fish & chips.  Lucky for me, they have a smaller portion available for $8.  Well, actually, it was unlucky for me because the portion was quite small with one filet, and it was really good.  The batter was nicely seasoned and perfectly crispy as were the thin-cut fries served with it.  I did notice while the outside of the fish was "just out of the fryer hot," the fish itself was only warm.  For dessert we shared the baked rhubarb, what I deemed the healthiest option rather than the option of no dessert which was not an option.  Basically a rhubarb cobbler, minus the crust, add a crumble topping.    Service was good, but our server was very young and relatively inexperienced.  He had a little trouble adequately describing a few of the menu items, but at least he was attentive and made the effort!   I would definitely go back to Robbie Fox's, and I did notice the Irish music kicked on as we were leaving!
Okay food at prices that are too high.  I had the salmon and it had the flavor of something frozen for too long and did not taste at all fresh.
I have never been treated worse in my entire life then when I stood outside Robbie Fox's, and I had not even made it through the doors. My friends and I were celebrating a birthday and had A TON of people with us, so my friend and I walk up and ask the bouncers how VIP works and we were shouted at to go to the end of the line. We politely told the bouncer we just wanted to know how VIP worked and he continued to shout go to the end of the line. So she and I walked over to the girl heading the VIP line and asked how it worked and she simply replied it is 5 dollars a person. As my girlfriend and I walk back to our friends the bouncers point and LAUGH AT US. What the hell!? I wanted to leave immediately but was talked into staying in line.  This is where it gets fascinating. I hand my ID over to the bouncer and he asks me how my night goes so I respond sarcastically "fantastic!" He proceeds to ask me if there is a reason I am being rude to him and I responded that he was rude to me first. He then says well you can leave and tried to hand my ID to the second bouncer. I proceeded to take it out of the bouncers hand and walk away. My boyfriend followed me and I told him I'd call the manager in the morning and tell him what had happened, so he offered to go get the guys name. After about 10 minutes while I am at The Canteen (BTW AWESOME bar with great customer service!) my bf calls me and wants me to come over. We argue for a bit and then I give in.  When I walk over the bouncer asks me to explain to him what happened. While I was he kept interrupting me and was like "NO, YOU need to UNDERSTAND we get asked a lot of stupid questions every night." Wow, so asking how VIP works is stupid hmm? Which, of course, I pointed out to him. Uhm, hi welcome to the service industry, you CHOSE to work this job. All I asked for was the bouncers name, I did not want to go inside and get a "free" drink I just wanted to know the guys name and he refused to give it to me. Then he accused me of being wasted and not knowing what really happened. That is when I pretty much gave it all up as a lost cause because I had had one vodka sprite.  I will NEVER return to Robbie Fox's again. EVER. And I tell everyone that if they want horrible service to go here.
This review is limited to the comedy show portion only.  (i.e. not commenting on food etc).  Just got back from the Robbie Fox comedy show.  It was a Phoenix comediens versus Las Vegas comediens show.  They had a great emcee and a panel of three judges.  There is an 8:00 show and then a 10:00 show.  We had tickets to the 10:00 show.  (Tickets are 10.00 and do require a two drink minimum).  The room is small and tables are scarce.  Get there early!  Even though the show was supposed to start at 10:00, it really didn't get going until 11:00  A minor annoyance, especially once the show got started.  We got to enjoy six (6) different comedians.  All funnier than the last.  Best $10.00 spent, to date.   I like Stand Up Live, bigger names and bigger acts.  But with that, bigger prices.  i.e. tickets are $25.00 a piece before taxes and service fees. Drinks are also a 2 drink minimum, the difference being the price.  The venue is bigger.  But if you are interested in supporting local acts, come to Robbie Fox.  Great local talent, smaller prices and a more intimate feel.  By the way, I laughed until I almost cried.  (This is a good thing!)
Well - my love for the Irish at this little Jamo joint just grows stronger all the time.   I recently had occasion to host a private party at RFPH for my dear friend Sam and naturally my home away from home was the best place to play hostess. I had the benefit of still feeling as much at ease as I would have in my real home, without having to cook or clean up after the party.   I worked closely with Anne Marie who made sure every detail of the party was attended to flawlessly. We held our birthday extravaganza in the front "cottage" area, which is the perfect spot for about 25-30 guests for a sit down dinner or a happy hour (done that one too). The pub also has a banquet room and separate bar out back which can be rented out for private functions. Another one of my friends held her wedding reception here and, in addition to having the great food and service you'd hope for at your wedding, it was just plain fun.   Back to our Sunday birthday brunch... The kitchen prepared an Irish breakfast as well as a course of passed hor d'oeuvres of cucumber sandwiches, filet mignon brioche (my favorite) and salmon mousse toasts. For dessert I was able to bring in special cake for the party and the kitchen added an accompaniment of fresh strawberries and creme (brilliant). Everything came out well timed and executed start to finish.   Lucky for us, Sunday afternoons now offer live jazz - which was a great bonus for the party atmosphere. I don't know if we should still be calling it a brunch - those usually don't last for 9 hours... but we had a great time.
While in Downtown Tempe Last week I had to give Robbie Foxes a try.  I have heard about it many times but usually only visit Downtown Tempe when the ASU Cattle(students) are off grazing else where.  A nice example of an American/Irish Pub, Robbie Foxes had quite few Import beers on tap as well as a few Great Craft Beers!  Who would have guessed?  A much better beer selection than most of the true Irish Pubs I have ecountered here in AZ.  I did not eat, but the food I did see passing by looked Fantastic.  This place is a little hidden & off the beaten path.  I would guess this is a benefit as I noticed nice clean bathrooms, a slightly older crowd & no holes in the walls or other abuse that is common in the Tempe bars. All in all a nice place for a pint. Go Now Young Grasshopper!
Can't really stand a pub with countless TVs - that's a sportsbar - but that's kind of what Americans want, so I can't dock for that.  The beer selection is highly Western EU, as one would expect (and hope for?), but outside that realm is very little.  The hosts were all pleasant and helpful.  The inside bar is much more legit than any other part of the property, but generally chock full of the douchier crowd - worse so than elsewhere in the lounge.  I have no qualms with Fox's, but also am not in love with it.
Visited during a Thursday Happy Hour.  The place was virtually deserted, and after ordering the "Tavern Steak" I think I know why.  Hopefully, all of their entrees aren't this bad.  If I owned a restaurant I would be ashamed and  embarrassed to put out  this lousy of a product.  The service was woeful as well.
The food I had here was great. I tried the black pudding it was crazy good.  Everything else was meh.
The best pub in America. The atmosphere is truly inviting, as true pubs are.    As for me, my favorite bartenders are Brandon and Tina. They are the best. The place is spectacular. It keeps to the pub fashion till about 10pm. Then they redress it a bit for the young college partiers.    The food is devine and the selection of drinks is superb.    All-in-all, five stars is a severe understatement.
We made the mistake of stopping here on my birthday last year. The inside was packed, as was the outside back bar. So we went to their side bar (which was much more open), they only served Blue Moon, Bud Light, and 3 kinds of Skyy Vodka. Instead of fighting the other crowds, we cut our losses and opened a tab there. Its started to rain, so we went inside to the only open space, the front dining area.   When we were ready to leave an hour later, my fiance went to close his tab at the side bar. It was closed. So he went to the back bar and waited another 30 mins for one of the bartenders to get to him. Turns out it was the guy we'd had at the side bar. He asked where he could close his tab since he had opened it at the side bar and that was now closed, the guy said "At the side bar." "But its closed, you served me over there." "I DONT HAVE TIME TO HELP YOU." and he went to the next person at the bar.  When my fiance went back inside, obviously pissed, he ran into one of our friends and told him what just happened. One of the bouncers overheard their conversation and asked " Did you get your card back?" They do the open tab agreement rather than keep your card. Since my fiance had the bouncer replied " Then just leave. That guy doesnt deserve a tip anyway."  Robbie Fox's: Rude bartenders, pretentious food, rad bouncers.
A fun place to hang out, the food is good and the people are fun!
Decent. Not anything to write home about. Food was good. Drinks and beer good. At least they had Odell's! I could careless about Irish beer. I did not like the end of the bar outside with the red velvet rope for special guests and the owner, please this is not LA.
This is an ok sort of Irish bar.  They don't have Guinness on tap which I've NEVER seen at any Irish place.  The food I've had here has been decent.  The bartenders have generally been friendly and fast with service.  They have live music sometimes but what I've seen hasn't been very good and I've seen management fight with bands over what they should be paid so that is a bit unprofessional to do that in front of customers.  It is worth checking out for a few drinks and a bit of food.   It also seems to be one of the better places to watch sports.
I love this place. Especially on Thursdays! Yes, it can get a bit packed on the weekends but the atmosphere is very fun. (Given that it is a Irish pub) A lot of people do not know this but on Sundays you can bring your dog with you during Sunday brunch. If I can bring my Boston Terrier Russell with me to lunch, count me in!! :)
I've only ever been here on weekend nights, post-dinner hours.  This is a great place for skanky ASU girls and jocko homo-type yahdudes.   I wrote a song called "The Whore Parade" inspired by the nonstop show of hoe-iness at this place. I'm too old to hang out at college joints.  Also, the bars are always insanely swamped so it takes a while to get a drink.
If it feels too crowded and packed on a weekend, try giving Robbie Fox's a chance on a thursday night.  I am helping run a free weekly comedy show @9pm full of local funny people trying to hone thier act. The show runs around 2 hours long, and again... it's free.  I would at least recomend stopping by to see if you like it. If nothing else you can just wait around in the comedy show and beat the line to get in the club. Just saying.
I had a great time at Robbie Fox's Public House. We went there one night during our bar hopping experience to dance, dance, dance. I'm glad that there was a patio area where we can just get loose because the air outside really helped out. Music was blasting the entire night and not one of the songs was boring!  Drinks here are pretty standard and affordable.   Will come back for more!
Love love love this place!!! Yummy corned beef, great music and friendly staff!
I jwanted to say that Friday night, January 20th, my husband and I held our wedding reception at Robbie Fox's banquet room and I MUST say that Alex Ewing and her crew went ABOVE AND BEYOND to make our wedding reception so special and fun! Everything looked amazing and just how I pictured. The food was perfect!!! The staff was amazing and accommodating to my cake lady. The snacks were good, huh?? ;) You guys gained LIFE LONG customers and new friends!!! We love ya!!!!! Love, The Callahans :)
Wow! Robbie's is fantastic! It is hard to say what this restaurant and bar hasn't done perfectly. The decor is amazing, filled with anything nad everything that has ever inspired Irish culture. Looking for something awesome? Then check out their bar. It was brought over from Ireland and was the actual bar that a famous IRA leader was shot in. The bullet hole is still there in the glass. Talk about classy and interesting!   The food is great. The fish and chips are pretty darn delicious and I've heard the lamb stew is to die for. My boyfriend loves the shepherds pie and almost always gets it when we go there (if he doesn't get fish and chips).  Their bar is extensive and they have a lot of Irish whiskeys from 8 dollars a glass to the vintage at 30 bucks a pop. I don't drink whiskey but for my boyfriends birthday we went there and he pretty much tried everything. Robbie's doesn't carry the shit whiskey and his selection allows a new person to try things for reasonable prices.  The only complaint I have about the place is very minor. They have a server there, a blond foreign woman (her accent is pretty thick). She can start to get really rude. I've sat at one of her tables twice and both times she got a little snippy after I requested something. This last time it was when I ordered the burger and asked about sauces. Now I don't rate this into the review because she is only one person and I think she has the ability to be great if she could just 'chill' a bit.  Anywho, 5 starts Robbie, this place is great!
1/2 of everything on the menu when i was in here which was pretty cool. Sampled a few beers, they have an alright beer selection when it comes to the craft beer world.  tried the hummus and the pulled pork sliders which was perfect for a light lunch. Atmosphere is nice inside, a lot of space both inside and outside.
The bouncers are dickheads for no reasons. There are plenty of better places to go on Mill.
I love to go to Robbie Fox's.  The people are friendly, The food is good.  The Craic is enlightening, The Bar is stocked with beverages I like.   A great Irish Pub
Good food and atmosphere during the day (lunch to happy hour). However, it gets ridiculous on the weekends. $10 dollars a drink that probably cost them $1 to make is absurd and straight highway robbery. Go for lunch, stay clear at night.
I have been to Robbie's a few times, both with very different experiences.   The first time I stopped by with a girl friend for a quick drink right after they opened. We saw some familiar faces and had a really great time. The patio was however a little small for my liking.   However, when we stopped back by again this past weekend, my boyfriend and I, on the Yelp.com scavenger hunt I was pleasantly surprised to see they expanded the patio. Very nice! I was however, disappointed with the service.   We sat down at a very slow bar, I think there were 4 other customers sitting at the bar, one of which I think was an off duty employee. First, the bartender didn't greet us, I was the first one to make conversation with him, he kinda of acknowledged me, I asked to try one of the beers on tap, he said ok, but then took almost 6-7 minutes to pay any more attention to us. Taking a food order for the off duty employee before helping us none the less, rude! Once he took his head out of his ass, and wondered back down the bar to greet us, finally, and ask for our order I still had to ask for the taste again. He then took another 5 minutes to pour the beers. We were in a bit of a crunch for time so we wanted to get our check pretty quickly. That wasn't going to happen I could see. He was off wondering the restaurant looking for silverware, delivering food, walking in circles... who knows. Even after I told him we were part of the Yelp event he still didn't clean up his act. We asked the other bartender for our check and all he did was get the attention of the guy with his head up his ass yet again. Umm thanks dude. We finally paid our tab and hit the road. The prices definatly were something to like, only $5 a beer, Stella and a Heogaarden, nice!  I am sure I will be back again, but someone please help out this guy, he was in la la land and needs to come back to the bar.
I always love coming here the staff is always so polite and the food amazing!
This place is really the perfect bar to wonder in to on a random afternoon.  If you ever have that craving for a Guinness and a fish and chips, this is really a great spot for that.  The feel is exactly what you want from a pub.  When I walked in, I told myself that I would have one beer, and order some food to go, but because of the atmosphere, I ended up staying for two perfectly poured creamy beers, and an order of fish and chips.  My only complaint was that for $9, I only got one piece of fish.  It was so good, that I wish I had bought the $12 portion, to get one or two more pieces.  I'll make sure to do that next time.  I also took out a half chicken sandwhich and a caesar  for my wife for only $8 and she loved it.  When ever I'm in tempe, I'm going to make sure I stop here.  The atmosphere is classic, the service is friendly, and the beer is really top notch.  Perfect!
Used to love this place till I met the owner! Never going here again!
Okay, so this place is legit. Dance floor is usually/always cleared for the dancers (my brother and I). We do get irish drinks such as smittys, guiness, bombs, and such. The waitresses are very friendly (and not to mention cute). A few things i will say I dont like.. right when you walk in the front door, the bathroom smell is pretty strong with either urine or puke.. Not good.. also on the thurs-saturday I believe they only do plastic cups for guiness and such.. Not good again. This stuff is ment to be drank as a pint sized GLASS! But regardless its one of my top places to go, as well as the other 200 people there.. ahah
Best burger I've ever had (outside of at-home meals) hands down.
Oh Robbie Fox's, since your opening the taste in my mouth has been pretty lousy. I hate to say this because who dislikes an Irish Pub?   NUTSHELL: good for drinking - strong drinks, the bartenders and wait staff are OK.  The food is GROSS. The most recent attempt was for a Happy Hour - ordered, shriveled chicken fingers so fried up and curled into a breaded mess, humus with pita (STALE) and veggies, their little pig in a blanket (sausage in pastry) with mustard (the only tasty thing about this was the mustard), otherwise the sausage looked like the mutilated remains of a botched circumcision.   On a Friday/Saturday the place is packed and if you are looking for a place to surround yourself with the youth of Mill, here's a great place. If you are looking for the character of a pub - you'll get it, but it will be a scrubbed down, Disneyland version with high gloss finish and disgusting food.
Good food, people and drinks... come early because Friday night the joint get packed... bread pudding is very good ask for the ice cream made with Jameson liquor Irish Wiskey
There was a day when I didn't want to give Robbie Fox's in Tempe a chance.  My friends and I had gone there before a concert, since I had a gift certificate to use. We walked straight back to the patio, where I was amazed at the hot men-filled crowd--there were maybe three guys to every one girl, probably there for happy hour after work since the majority was dressed so professionally.  Besides the eye candy, though, the menu selections seemed dismal for a vegetarian. And after sitting down not even being greeted for 15 minutes, we just left and went somewhere else.  But I still had that gift certificate to use.  So, solely because of that, I went back with friends for some day drinking and noshing. Though the Irish menu still left a lot to be desired by my palate option-wise, the food I had was stellar, and the service was better this time around.  One of the great things about Robbie Fox's is the large selection of cheap drinks. Any bar that serves Framboise ($5) makes me happy, and there was also an array of Irish whiskey. Drinks start at only $3 for bottled domestics, and that alone is worth a trip.  For my meal, I ordered really the only thing that sounded appetizing (since they don't have veggie burgers)-A Toasted Special ($9). It's just a basic ham and cheese sandwich on white bread, and I left off the ham and onion and added avocado in addition to the tomato. For my side, I got an amazing house salad with ranch, which was full of hearts of palm and leafy greens. The sandwich was a little bland for me, but you can't really go wrong with grilled cheese.  My favorite part of the meal was dessert. We shared a Chocolate Tower ($6), which was an amazing concoction of different chocolate mousses put together. It was so creamy and so rich and melt-in-your mouth. I could have eaten another one.  I liked Robbie Fox's so much that I ended up going back for more, and this time I also tried the oh-so-phenomenal Baked Rhubarb ($7), a cobbler dessert with warm rhubarb. It was even better than the Chocolate Tower, which was pretty near impossible. For a casual bar like this to have such wonderful desserts is very impressive to me.  So, lesson learned: Robbie Fox's is definitely worth giving a chance. The patio is gorgeous (and it features live music at night), and if the desserts and house salad are any indication of the rest of the meat options, then the rest of the menu is probably great, too.
Great hh and great service! And they have Murphy's on tap.
Best Corned beef sandwich on rye w/ chips and a slight add of Colman's Mustard....  Fantastic!
Phenomenal food and great drinks. I've always gotten great service and it truly has the feel of Ireland. Not like some of these posers out there.
I like!! Great night life to it!! Really nicely designed inside and super nice bartenders as well !!! :)  New top favorite on Mill Ave for now!!!
I must admit that I have yet attend Robbies as a restaurant patron. As a bar, this place is pretty great. Most Thursdays-Saturdays its packed with college kids partying. It's a lot of fun and pretty crazy. They have an in door bar, two patio bars, a dance floor, beer tubs all over the place, and most everyone is dancing outside. Some nights it can get a little too rowdy for some people. But see how you hold up.  Sunday night they have live music and the place dies down big time, which is great if you love live music and a little peace with your beer. Usually it is some sort of acoustic set (very chill and laid back).  Other nights of the week it can get fun, especially when closing time hits, and I HEAR it's a great place to eat, but i'd save it for the drinking.  I recommend beer! or vodka redbull.
Pretty much standard bar food and drinks on Mill Ave.. Was there today during the festival but they had a limited menu w not many choices..best part was the outdoor bar and eating area.  Hummus and flatbread was above par.
I really liked this place! The best part is the large patio area... on the weekends, they put the DJ outside and that's where everyone dances. It's perfect for girls who like to dance their asses off because 1.) no sweating and 2.) no frizzy hair!  The bartenders are dope too... free drinks, free shots, LOTS of liquor = I LIKE THAT!  If we ever decide to come back to Mill Ave., which I doubt, we'll definitely come here.
3.5 stars.  I like this place. They have a huge patio, good prices and people always seem to be having fun whenever I go. But this semi-recent trend of creating a "VIP" line is pretty cheap and disingenuous. Basically, you pay 5 bucks to wait in a shorter line because they make the main line obnoxiously slow. I will usually pay the cover, but it's pretty lame to do to customers. As far as layout goes, it's probably the best place on Mill since there are three different bars throughout, as well as several beer tubs. Getting a drink once you're in is usually pretty easy.  I haven't tried the food here yet, but hear it's pretty good and look forward to trying it soon.
These are very nice people, the food is excellent, though me thinks they need a few more menu selections.  We will be back several more times - family and all.
I have been here before a couple times before and never reviewed it ! *gasp!horror!* Anyway, this was my first stop drinking on Mill last night with a couple friends for pre St. Patrick's awesomeness and I thought it was just ok. We got there at about 9:30 and it was not yet terribly busy. We got a couple car bombs (my friends had never had one before!). The first round was not difficult to get, but we waited a looong time to get a second round. I was happy that the bombs were only 5$ each (not sure if that was a special or not), but they were on the small side (beer served in a highball glass...hmmm). After (finally) getting our second round we went to find a seat, but there wasn't one available (a lot of seats were reserved for something or another leaving little available seating to begin with), so we ended up going to a different bar. I know the last time I was here a year ago or so it was so busy I could barely breathe, let alone get a drink and the time before that it was totally dead and a large group of us got happy hour food which was pretty mediocre. I would not rush back here, but I wouldn't completely avoid it either....so 3 stars it is!
Nice bar area located in the heart of ASU downtown area, Mill Avenue.  Great selection of alcohol and liquor.  The menu and happy hour is pretty nice.  American/Irish food fare.  Alot of flavor.  Moderate pricing.  Atmosphere is relaxed with 3 different bar areas and outside seating.  Flatscreen TV's and background music added to the ambiance.    The menu has the story of pieces and parts of the bar.  A pretty good history concerning Michael Collins.    I give extra bonus points for Single Barrel Jack Daniels, and score, Robbie Fox's does serve.
It is a great place with great crowd and good service. If you are on mill this is the only place you should go. Avoid all the other bars
The food was pretty good. I can't complain about the burger that I had, that's for sure! The service was terrible though. The place was empty and it still took a sever 10 min to make it over. While we were waiting three members of the staff, and a manager, were within 7 feet of us... Their view of us was not obscured. Yet it took walking over and asking to get any acknowledgment. The sever was rude and dismissive. It's a damn shame, because the cook is doing a great job in the back. Too bad the wait staff and manager can't handle their shit.
We stumbled upon this bar after having dinner after hearing them bump music. This was a pretty chill bar. They had a great outdoor area which is ideal when it's warm out and it gives everyone some breathing room. It also was awesome for everyone to dance on. Their beer selection was standard but the music was really what made it awesome cuz they had a good dj that night.   This doesn't really have anything to do with the business itself but the crowd was cool and everyone was pretty chill.  I'd definitely want to go to this bar again when I'm in town next year for tubing.
What a great place! I love the patio. They are friendly to cigar smokers. Jazz on the patio in Saturdays is relaxing with a great live jazz band. The revamped menu is delicious. Check it out!
This is my favorite bar in Arizona. I've been coming here for 2 years. I love that they have Strongbow and Magners -- two delicious ciders. It has a great atmosphere.   Food hasn't been that great, but I'm excited for the upcoming changes to the menu.   Dog friendly patio too!
Since the management changed the place has gone down hill. Food is terrible. Never again. Used to be a regular but bad cold food killed any chance of me returning.
Sad this is closed!!:( I loved coming here for food/drinks. Owners and employees were very friendly and I always had a blast. Please come back Robbie fox!!!!!
Well the down town Tempe location is great of course. The staff was great and I guess they just changed ownership. The menu was small the food was just so so. I had the shepherds pie , it was ok not bad. Wife had the corn beer and cabbage, the corn beer was like a steak not that tender.  We also had the corn dog sasusage which didnt look appetizing. It did taste better than it looked. Was kinda dark as I also seen the fish and chips that looked dark on the breading.  The people were great beer was cold.  They need to work on the food and menu. The sitting area in the inside was kinda weird.
Malones is a brilliant new Irish themed pub with booze and banter in plentiful supply.   From the street it looks relatively small, but looks can be deceiving. Once you're in and past the bar, the place is massive; there are booths to sit in and high tables with stools, if you look up the ceiling must be at least 50ft high. They have live music every night, and it's surprisingly good - so good in fact that my friends and I thought it was a CD playing until we clocked the band on the stage. The staff are all friendly and welcoming, and will happily ply you with shots (tequila,sambuca and Tabasco - definitely not one for the fainthearted!).   As those with some Irish in them might say 'it's great craic'!
Irish Pubs are not my thing at all - so it seems odd then that this particular one was easily one of the best nights out I have ever had!  Having decided to show up simply for a quick drink before heading to the cinema, myself and three friend ended up staying all night and completly missing the film.  The staff are funny and fresh - drinks are cheap(ish) and the decor is modern and yet still distinctly Irish Pub-esque. However, these are not the reasons we ended up staying for as long as we did - the atmoshpere is fun and energetic, one of the most relaxing and comfortable places I have been to in a long time.  Needless to say, I will be back to Malones - hopefully before the next St. Patricks day!
Malones is an Irish bar and unlike many pretenders to this title it follows through.  The main drink here is Guinness and compared to other drinks it is reasonably priced, both because Guinness is slightly cheaper here and also because other pints are slightly more expensive - there's only one pint they really want you to drink and it's with a sigh they'll pour anything else.  That said they do offer a good range of shots and the barmen do know their spirits.  If you're lucky enough there might be live music on and if this is the case you're in for a treat.  I've never seen a bad band here and more often than not they've got strong Irish roots.  For the experience it offers this has to be one of the best Irish pubs in Edinburgh.
From the outside, Malones looks like yet another typical Irish themed bar in Edinburgh! However, once inside, Malones has plenty of surprises in store!   The bar, which, at first seems to offer nothing apart from Guinness and Guinness Extra Cold offers a range of drinks and delicious themed shots! On top of this, Malones, sells crisps from Ireland, crisps which are a cut above your normal Walkers!   From the bar, you are struck by the size of the place! Upstairs, Malones offers several booths while on the ground floor you won't be stuck for any seating! The place has been indulged with Irish themed decor which in a large bar makes it seem quite warm and cosy!   This bar has had many different faces in recent years, however the thing that makes Malones stand out from Odd fellows or Fat Cow is that it has a energetic atmosphere which is created by the fantastic music on offer! Every night bands play live, with traditional folk music too quick paced Irish songs on offer!   Malones goes beyond the typical Irish themed pub with its energetic atmosphere and music, and adds to the already legendary pubs on Forrest road.
This place has changed hands (and names) 3 times in the last three years, so when Malones took over from The Fat Cow I really didn't see it lasting that long. But I was wrong!  The inside looks like the standard Irish pub, with lots of dark wood and green and beige dcor, but they've quirked it up a bit by painting famous quotes about all things Irish all over the walls which kept me entertained when my friend had nipped off to the loo. We perched in one of the high booths in the window, which offered a prime people-watching vantage point, but they have a whole load of sofas and tables throughout the huge downstairs area to choose from.  Drinks are roughly 3-4, which is more exensive than a lot o other bars in the area, but the service was fast and the beer was cold, so I didn't mind. We were only there for a few quiet afternoon drinks, but I've heard that it gets really lively in the evenings and from what I saw advertised they have regular ceilidh nights and live music evenings, which I will be sampling soon...
Malones is a great Irish pub which offers friendly staff and comfortable environment for you to relax in.  The drinks are reasonably priced with most pints costing less than 3 and so it's an ideal place to go for either a quiet drink with friends or a good session before hitting the pubs.   The decor is interesting with lots of maps, pictures and Irish memorabilia to look at whilst you enjoy your drinks.  The staff are lively and are perfectly fine with you getting (slightly) rowdy before heading out.  Whether you're just chilling out with some friends or properly going for it, Malones is the place to come.
Irish theme pubs are seldom places I really want to be, usually presenting a stereotypically twee picture of the nearby country which in all honesty I often find a bit patronising towards Irish people themselves. Much like the Scotch aren't all face painted, kilt-wearing "honourable savages", the Irish certainly aren't all comedy drunkards.  Malone's is a bit more respectful in it's Oirishness, and feels a bit less tacky and contrived than 90% of the Irish pubs you'll find littering street corners as far away as Sydney and Tokyo. They should have kept the old venue's name of "The Fat Cow" though, you can't go wrong with that one.
This pub has taken on many guises over the four years I have lived in Edinburgh and this is probably my favourite.   I usually find Irish themed pubs horribly over the top and cheesy but Malone's has got the pitch just right. You can definitely tell that you are in an Irish bar but no one is wearing a Guinness hat, or forcing you to wear one!   I think it also helps that it is a great venue; it's really spacious, loads of seats and all the staff are cheery even when it's packed out.   There is an upstairs level that looks over the bar and the lower level which is fun for people watching and when there is live music on (which is every night!) you get a good view of the stage.   A couple of times I've been the glass collectors come round and ask if you need another, then you just pay them and they bring drinks to the table- no queueing or effort requires- excellent!
As everyone else on here has said, I was very pleasantly surprised by this place.  I remember the days of Odfellows (when it had this annoying huge open un-used space), The Fat Cow (when that space was broken into equally annoying hidden booths), and now Malones (which has combined open space with booths which aren't hidden).  The only time I've been here was during Fresher's week when a friend was playing a gig.  I'm about 10 years older than anyone who could even consider attending a fresher's event and despite feeling quite out of my element, I was still able to see and enjoy the bar for what it was.  It was full of people having fun in what has turned out to be a well-used, well-decorated space.  You can even get away to the upstairs tables which seem to be always available, even when the main bar is rammed.    My friends have eaten here and have reported well done pub fare, so I'm now looking for an excuse to come back here for a bite and a pint.
Quite probably the best Saturday night venue I've found since my return to Edinburgh! Never even knew about the father pub, The Fat Cow, but when last I graced the floors of the now-grandad, Oddfellows, the atmosphere was sporadic dependant on day of the week and time of the year (aka. whether or not the students were around).  And the early hours of my first visit to Malones found it to be no different, in fact I was largely unimpressed because a) I don't do Irish bars, and b) they took away the biggest, bestest, most extensive video jukebox I'd ever laid eyes (and hands) on.... gutted!  However after about an hour or so a funny thing happened..... a pub crawl of American tourists came sauntering in. About 40 of the blighters. And suddenly the place was livened up. Hallelujah! However, knowing these jollied-up visitors were on a pub crawl, I thought best to prepare for the come down of when they were to leave again, headed for their next stop on the crawl, and Malones to come off the boil again.....  ....only an even funnier thing happened.....  ...when they left..... Malones had somehow got BUSIER!! Like an army of students, tourists, backpackers and locals alike had snuck in amongst this horder of pub-crawling Americans and set up camp right under my nose! where had they come from? I didn't even know Edinburgh had this many people!!?! How could this be? What had happened to this accursed venue in the year I had been absent to suddenly skyrocket it's popularity??  And then the guitarists came on...  Now I'm quite easy when it comes to live music. I love it. I'm also aware that not all others share my open-mindedness on the subject, however for sheer atmosphere, banter, liveliness and fun, Malones has succeeded spectacularly in the wake of its failed predecessors. And the large majority of neighbouring venues.  HIGHLIGHT: Revolution is still close enough to suck in all the chavs like moths to a flame, keeping Malones relatively ned-free!  LOWLIGHT: The nearest and most easily accessible after bar venue is Dropkick Murphys...! 'Nuff said.  Note to Malones: Must obtain late license!
Unfortunately I didn't get the chance to sample their offerings as the 'doorman' asked myself and my two friends if we wouldn't mind 'going some other place'. On asking why, we were told we were 'too drunk'.  An interesting observation given we hadn't been drinking???! On informing said knuckle dragger of this slight flaw in his argument, his response..."arh, ummm, arh...urghh".   Too many great pubs in this town who readily welcome sober, responsible folk, as such will not bother with this venue again.
I stopped by here for what could well be my last meal with the ever-awesome Mr M for a while in Edinburgh armed with a groupon voucher. It was a Wednesday night, 6.30ish, so this review is mainly of the bar meals rather than the Saturday night pub vibe that Joe A and Emily V describe.  The groupon voucher gave us one main and one dessert - anything we liked. So it was the standard menu fare, rather than a special meal. The menu has your regular pub dinners as well as an Irish section with some delicious sounding things - especially the warm haddock salad. There was also a breakfast salad which we both found highly amusing. Ah how Irish. Take salad. Add bacon, sausage, egg et voila - Irish salad. Anyway.  I opted for the chicken burger as I wanted spice (with added jalapenos) and Mr M had steak (obviously). The staff were super friendly and chatty, recommending lots of things off the menu. I was torn between the chicken burger and the chicken soaked in cider with cabbage and mash.  When my burger arrived it had cheese on it which I hadn't asked for. Meh I scraped it off as I wasn't overly fussed to send it back but when the waitress saw me doing this she offered to get me a new 'top of bun'. I'm sure they would have made me a fresh burger if I'd asked, and she seemed genuinely apologetic. So that was nice. And I got extra jalopenos.  The food itself was totally A-OK. Not overly inspiring, but definitely well done pub grub. Chips were crisp, the chicken breast really deliciously seasoned with an almost sweet spicy Jamaican flavour. Also my apple crumble for dessert was too good. I planned to only have a nibble but the stewed apples hidden underneath were plentiful, mixed with giant raisins and cinnamon. This was definitely hand made and made with love. None of that too-much-syrup not enough fruit nonsense. Chris' sticky toffee pudding disappeared toot sweet as well.  Overall it was a nice central spot to grab a hearty if not-too-healthy pub meal on a lovely sunny Wednesday evening. Great great staff, would go back here for a drink at the bar and banter any time. For a pub in the middle of a student area it hasn't fallen prey to quite a few of the vices that they can (sticky tables, bored staff, uninspired food, same old same old.)  Nice one guys, nice one.
Me-likey.  I was having a great time at Malones, listening to music through the speakers, having some fun conversations, getting a pleasant little sugar-rush off my cola (hey, no judgy lil' eyes there, we were going dancing and I needed my head about me!),  What can I say, it's a rather lovely bar, there's a balcony upstairs where you've got some uncomfortable teenagers eyeing each other from the darker corners (awwww), and the odd predatory man in a shirt that's too white and too tight (ewwwww).  The public looks decent, the only downside was that they started playing live-music. Why? Well, because it was a. not very good, b. too damned loud so all pleasant conversation had to be stopped (and we were upstairs from the band) and, c. it was well, Saturday night .. I don't want live-music on a Saturday night before dancing. I want cheesy pop-chart music that makes me giggle inside.  Yes, you can start ripping my a new one for that, but careful there, I have dance-moves that I'm not afraid to unleash on the next Gaga song, fair warning! I will use my powers of awesomeness against you.
I was here on Sunday for their St Patricks day celebrations. I had an excellent time however this was more due to the company than to the venue itself.   I have good things to say about it though!  Guinness is very good.  There is lots of room The staff are fairly good craic. The live music is good. They have lots of TV's for sport if you're into that sort of thing The music they played was good (if on repeat) It's the best of the 4 bars that have been in that location since I moved to Edinburgh.  I have a few bad things to say about it too The toilets are rank and got worse and worse throughout the day It gets REALLY BUSY sometimes. They have tables in really stupid places that make it hard for people to flow past the bar. They seem to apply completely reactionary and mad one in one out and bouncing policies rather than using NUMBERS TO COUNT HOW MANY PEOPLE WERE IN THERE   Other than that I it;s a touch expensive for what it is. 3.80 for a guinness. 6 for a double vodka coke..... Touch on the expensive side for location.  Still I enjoyed it - maybe you will too....
This bar gets stars because it has Club Orange and Taytos. It has all the usual Irish road signs around the place, which always makes me laugh as this seems to be a staple for Irish bars abroad. Other than that it's an OK bar. Sometimes I like it, sometimes I'm not that bothered. This is probably more personal preference as I seem to like smaller, cosier bars, but also I have found in the past the service can be a bit slow, and this was when it was quiet not at night when you expect it to be hectic. This might have changed though as the last time I was there it was my friends who went to the bar. I did go to their Father Ted "Tedinburgh" event which was great fun, and I would recommend. I like that it's full of Irish and if I feel like I'm missing Ireland a bit I can go in there and hear all the irish accents around me.
It's your standard pub. Drinks are average and the prices are similar to what you would find at nearby establishments.  It can get pretty rowdy at times though, especially since a lot of uni students like to congregate here. It's fun! Worth stopping by but I probably wouldn't plan my night around it.
It's been a while since I reviewed Malones - just under 2 years ago. I've been quite a few more times since, but not much has changed from my first impressions. But I do feel it's only fair to give them an update and since my first chicken burger here, I've been to Malones for football drinks, Fringe festival venue drinks, drinks with a big group, drinks with one or two people, and each time it's been totally a-ok.  It is an Irish bar, first and foremost. (See Sara C's review excitedly stating they have Tayto chips. When I was last in Dublin I failed to try Tayto, although I did try King's Cheese n' Onion as recommended by a Dublin Yelper. Not bad at all). Anyway, it's an Irish bar and it plays up to that theme. Tayto chips, lots of Irish decoration, big on the ol' St Paddy's, and hosting a Father Ted night: Tedinburgh.  I've never had any problem here NOT being Irish, and I think it's a place that lots of Irish folk go. So if you want to meet the man / woman of your dreams, and in your dreams they just happen to be Irish, you could try here.  It definitely feels like an 'institution' or at least a chain, rather than a traditional, old-man, Irish boozer. It's got 'student bar' and 'sports bar' even written all over it. It also has lots of live music, that is perhaps played a tad too loud.  It does, however, have lots of space, lots of booths for big groups, and an upstairs and downstairs. So it's highly recommend for big groups who want somewhere to go, drink and potentially eat. Food isnt great but it's not terrible. There is better nearby but hey, it's grub all the same.  I don't think I'd choose to come to Malones unless I had a craving for Tayto's or an Irishman. But it's got a charm all of it's on, so it does.
I love this place so much. It's almost always a stop on student pub crawls so on any given day you will find some club or society acting silly, which is great. It's a lot bigger than other pubs (2 storeys) and has lots of drink deals. My friend Garret and I loved going there in the middle of the afternoon for the free wifi to drink and do work. If you want to see a sports game it's also a good option. And once a week it has live music. The drinks can be a bit expensive when you're on a student budget, but it's not a dive bar so don't expect the prices to be super cheap.  Do check it out! From the outside you wouldn't expect much but head inside and you will be pretty impressed. You walk in and see a seating area for about 10ish people and a bar up ahead, but once you hit the bar you see the massive interior in the back. Upstairs there are big booths with a gallery view down to the main floor, which is a great place to see the live music if you aren't dancing.  When I was in Edinburgh for uni I was here at least once a week, and for good reason!
Possibly too popular at the weekend (stag parties etc.) but mid-week not a bad option for watching football as they've a large projector screen as well as a few good sized tellys. On the down side it's one of these places that feels the need to drum up custom after 22:00 by hosting too loud covers bands of varying quality. Nice & central though so at that point you can easily make your way to an alternative establishment.
It's nice to see that this place has managed to finally reopen, after the building that houses it burned down a few years ago. In fact, it's the only one of the units that has managed to open its doors again so far.  But as much as it's nice to see businesses staying afloat in the current climate, that's as about as excited as I can get about this place. It's got Guinness, it's got TVs showing sport, and it's full of irish tourists. But so are so many other pubs in Edinburgh.  It's ok if you're in a huge group, or you're on a pub crawl and are just popping in for one, but I wouldn't spend a whole evening here. The drinks are pretty pricey and there's hardly anywhere to sit.
Finnigans Wake has recently reopened after a long and frustrating year. It was closed down and had to go under a major refurbishment after a fire in restaurant next door. Alas, the bar, full of Celtic memorabilia and coloured in green dcor and wooden sitting areas was no more.   However, this week I entered the new, reincarnation of the pub, and it has gone under a radical transformation. The old pub, full of history and memories is gone, replaced by a pub which is full of wood and fits into the categories of Irish themed bars that are alike in every major city in the world.  Instead of the bar being in the middle, the bar is now on the right hand side, looking modern and fresh. In the middle there are large high tables for groups, with padded seated areas on the left hand side of the bar. Further seating is in the back.  The pub has live music every week it claims, but even though it has this, I feel with this refurbishment, Finnigans has lost its old looks and atmosphere. The bar is lacking that individualistic character that makes pubs what they are.   The place was quiet and empty; the staff were new and obviously will improve with time. It was quite bland compared to the bar before the fire.  Its due a visit though, after this long closed, it will be visited by people who often paid Finnigans a visit. So raise your glass to the memory of Finnigans of old!
I spent a great new year in here a few years back. The year when Princes St. was closed because of the wind - 2006/7 I think it was. Since then Finnegans Wake has been through rather a lot.  A couple of years ago I remember waking up to the news that Kushi's (my favourite Indian in Edinburgh) had burnt down and the buildings either side were ruined by smoke and water damage. One of those was my favourite club in the world, The Liquid Room (which has now reopened and is EXACTLY the same - hooray!), and the other was Finnegans Wake.  So it's nice to see that both those places are back on their feet. And Finnegans Wake is just the same - it's an Irish bar that has a live bands and sports and Guinness and stag parties. It's a fun place. Everyone's your mate in here. Not a place to go for a quiet drink, but great fun if you're in a big group.
I was in Edinburgh for some time and one of my favorite places to go was Finnegan's Wake for live music.  Although a small stage, the music was great to listen to and there are booths for sitting so my group of friends were able to get some reasonably priced drinks and relax to the music or stand stage-front and dance.
I don't hate tourist spots. I don't.   I like meeting a rogue Aussie or Spaniard on the Royal Mile and getting to be the oh-so-knowledgeable local that can give them the details of 'the best pubs' or whatnot.   But this place is Prague in Edinburgh. English/Irish Stag-dos a plenty, backpackers under 21 and Canadian girls on the prowl. A line about 200 miles long for 1 pound pints of piss and 200 people I never want to meet or talk to in ever.   Not individually (I'm sure you're all a nice bunch of people), but it's one of those places where you think to yourself... this place would be way better if everyone in here dissapeared off the face of the earth.   I don't often say this about Irish pubs because, being from Boston, they're like home away from home... but if this is home - I am never going home.
Also known as "the loudest busiest place on earth during rugby" I have been to Finnegans a fair few times. I went along for the rugby again this weekend.   Since it's redesign due to the fire next door it's lost much of it's "old edinburgh" charm - however it's now a much better space for the number of people that they like to cram into the bar. They have a room out the back which you can book and that's actually a pretty nice space.  Beer - a very important thing..... but not something that they do well here. It's pretty dull - Guinness is the pint I'll be drinking in this pub I think. They have it in cold and EXTRA COLD.  All in all - a good atmosphere for the rugby and the band they had on afterwards were not too bad also. The singer had funny tattoos and was wearing a silk waistcoat and a wife beater which basically makes him either a legend or mental.
This pub isn't to my taste, but then my tastes might not be to others tastes.  I can here when it was England V Scotland in the Rugby. It was mobbed. It's not a basement pub, but it felt like it was. Really low ceilings, low light, no windows. Absolutely full to the rafters, and a sports-type crowd. Nothing wrong with this, but not my type of crowd.  I dont feel any desire to come back here. It filled the job of sports-pub but didnt really seem to have any other appeal - good drinks, good music, good crowd.  If you want a pub to watch a game in, with lots of atmosphere (shouting, spilling beer, not my oxygen to go around) then this is your place. Just not my cup of tea.
My band recently played as part of a music night here and I'd say that it was suited to the event. Based on the night alone, I'd say it was excellent but I'm not entirely sure there's anything calling me back. Although, I did like the wide open floor feel which gave the pub a friendly vibe and the stage with barriers was a nice touch! They did have a Yelp sticker at the bar which made me smile! Not a bad bar at all!
We were in Edinburgh from the US on vacation and stumbled on this place. The bar staff was awesome. Very friendly and after a couple visits they greeted us by first names. Only downside is I wish they served chips or something, actually the salty snacks make for more beer sales. This is my favorite bar/pub in Edinburgh and hope we can make it back there soon.
Very nice place with live music almost every day. Drinks and beers are cheap although the quality is nto very good. Guiness for example at this place is awful! apart from that a nice place to go with friends for a pint and listen to some good music.
R R is having it's grand opening on St. Patrick's Day, but had it's soft opening about four days ago.  Personally, I've been waiting for this place to open ever since I saw the signs. And to my surprise, it opened days before I was expecting, so my friend and I rushed over.   The atmosphere is definitely great. Live music was going and you could tell everyone was having a good time. There is ample seating, though the seats closer to the stage aren't ideal for trying to have a conversation with the people you're with.   As for the service, it was a bit slow at first. But after the waitress made initial contact, things went smoothly from there.   They're having a couple specials for the month of March, $4 for a Half & Half or Black & Tan.   They also weren't serving any food yet, besides the chicken wings and chicken tenders. I'm excited to go back to try their fish & chips or their McDonnell's Curry Sauce.   I'm looking forward to heading there on St. Patrick's day and probably a few other days before that. =p
My friends and I were looking or a place to chill and have a few drinks and we came across Ri Ra Irish Pub in Mandalay Place and figured to give it a shot. None of us have been to an Irish pub so I we were excited to find out what they have to offer.  The hostess asked if we preferred to sit close to the live band but she not-so-subtly implied that we may want to sit in a booth further away because it gets pretty loud. We took her advice and sat in a booth in a room where we could still hear the music but still hear each other.  Cha-ching! First thing we noticed was that they have happy hour all day everyday for the entire month of March. A pint of Black and Tan or Half and Half is only $4. The boys took advantage of the happy hour and the girls ordered cocktails which were at a regular Strip bar price of $13.  We ordered the chicken wings which were pretty decent and the fish and chips. We were surprised by how good the fish and chips tasted.  The fish was cooked to perfection and the batter was light and not greasy at all. The chips were well seasoned. The regular size was $13.95 and the large is $18.95. We just got the regular and it was filling for two people.   To end our meal, we asked the waitress for Irish coffee and she asked, "Do you want real Irish coffee?" to which we agreed even though we didn't know the difference. Little did we know that real Irish coffee comes with a good amount of whiskey! It was good for the first few sips but got a little too strong for our amateur taste buds. One Irish coffee costs $8.  All in all, our first Irish pub experience was memorable. Service was really good; they checked on us regularly and kept our table clear of extra glasses and plates. I would definitely go again just for the fish and chips and to take advantage of their March happy hour special.
Went to Ri Ra on the 3rd day they were open, during the soft opening.  There wasn't  a live band, so I can't say how it is when one is playing.  I like the layout of the place - the whole left side is one long bar and the whole right side is seating and booths.  Even though there was no band, it was pretty noisy and pub-like.  The food was just ok.  The boyfriend got the shepherd's pie and it was ok.  I tried the Kilbeggan Salmon and it was pretty delicious.  Appetizers were crab cakes and onion rings.  The crab cakes themselves were just alright, but the sauce that they put on them was awesome!  I really liked the onion rings - the were the tiny, thin cut onions and were super tasty.  Service was slow, but they were pretty busy and had only been open a couple of days, so I'll forgive it.  Our waiter (can't remember his name, but he was Irish) was super nice and chatty.  I'll definitely try this place again.
Had a great dinner here.  They serve huge portions of real Irish food.  We had a prime rib dinner, chopped salad, and onion rings which were all very good.  The couple sitting next to us had fish and chips, which was also a huge portion, and they raved about how good their meal was too.  This location actually contracted 25 of their employees from Ireland and brought them over here to run the restaurant.  We received fast, very friendly service from an Irish waitress.  Wish we had one of these in Seattle!
The wait was not long. Bummer they just opened and were only doing a special St Patrick's day menu. The food was good. Service was good for as busy as it was. Our waitress was so cute and was fresh from Ireland.For  real! My hubby got the fish and chips. He recieved one HUGE piece of fish. I had a burger, it was good. Like something your mom would throw together by making a burger by hand.  It was not some already shaped and formed patty.  Our friends got the pie and the rueben. They didn't share. But they enjoyed it.  We went to see Flogging Molly after dinner. The Irish pub fit well for pre-concert dinner! The seating chicks at the front did look rather glum though. I think one was swearing under her breath.  Seriously cheer up ladies!! Is it that bad? Good food, good service. Gotta get past the unhappy hostess.
Delicious! I ordered the bacon and cabbage (ham, mashed potatoes and cabbage) and it was awesome.  The mashed potatoes are easily the best I've ever had and the salad was very good, too.  My husband and I shared the Guinness Sundae for dessert which was the BEST DESSERT ever.  It's like a blondie and brownie with Guinness chocolate sauce, strawberries and vanilla ice cream.  The next day for lunch, we skipped out on Burger Bar (our usual) and came back to Ri Ra instead.  I had the Ruben.  Best ruben by far I've ever had (and I'm not a big fan of corned beef usually).  It was awesome... I especially liked there were no huge chunks of fat hiding out in it.  Highly recommend this place! I'll be coming back every Vegas trip... just like for Mesa Grill...
I was kinda of skeptical when I attempted this place because 1) it was on the Strip & 2) not many Irish restaurants here in town. Usually I make the trek to McMullan's for my bday since it's the only decent place in town. I decided to try Ri Ra after looking at their menu. I must say that I was impressed.  1) The menu pricing was affordable. Nothing was too outrageous, although dinner for 2 costs us $60. Dang beer!!! At least you get complimentary soda bread and bread while you wait.  2) The food was pretty good. We ordered the beef stew and regular size fish and chips. I would say the fish and chips were pretty tasty however the fish was a huge filet inside of a stick so you have to use a fork. I like eating fish & chips with my hands but eh that might just me. Also the chips had no flavor and tasted a little overcooked for being fresh cut fries. The stew was good in my mind that I slurped that sucker down and used the bread to soop up the remaining sauce. It was beefy and packed with veggies plus the scoop of mash taters. I thought all the flavors were balanced evenly.  We arrived around 7:30 and were seated within 5 minutes. The layout and design of the place is quite interesting. It's pretty dark in the front until you walk to the back where most of the dining is. It's made to resemble an pub in Ireland but what do I know I have never been to Ireland! I do know that the management team is actually from Ireland so it was pretty interesting to see actual Irish folks tending to this place and trying to make it authentic. Around 8 pm they have a live band that performs every night. Business was pretty steady while we were there but I will comment that the food wait was quite long. I think we waited almost 25 minutes for our food. At times the waitress did seem a little flustered especially when they brought out the incorrect order of chicken tenders. Service just seemed slow but they had only been opening for a week so we shall see....  However, it is a great atmosphere to hang out and have some good 'ole Irish beer and listen to music. I would totally try this place again because overall the food was pretty decent and made me curious enough to come back and try the Dubliner burger for the true Irish experience.
Beautiful bar with great service, great food, live music, and bartenders who know how to draw a proper Guinness. Outstanding!   The bar itself is both comfortable and beautiful. Be sure to check out the back rooms. One has a dance floor, the other looks like my grandmothers 1960s living room.  The menu is large without being generic. The fish and chips are excellent, and the lamb burger is wonderful. My dining partners enjoyed the smoked salmon plate and the all-day Irish breakfast.  The complimentary Irish soda bread was a tasty  surprise.  The Strip location means that stoopid, drunk tourists are an unfortunately regular part of the scene. ~ ignore them, and enjoy this otherwise stellar bar.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm Sheperds pie! Absolutely delicious, with minced lamb, carrots, peas, onions, fresh herbs, savory gravy, mashed potato crust ($14.95) - pricey but worth every bite!  The interior is pretty cool and our server Andy mentioned they have items and wood carvings and panels brought in from Ireland for the decor and ambience. Great atmosphere, good place to chill out with your mates or have a cozy dinner with your significant other.  I also tried the shot of CHOCOLATE CAKE (Absolut Vanilia, Frangelico) - pretty darn good and tasted just like warm chocolate cake!  Service was fast, friendly and with a smile.  Ri Ra (translated means celebration and good fun) is located in Mandalay Bay -  this places is a total Irish Pub!   They have live music on weekends (that's what the sign said outside...)  This pub is right next to the Guiness Merchandise Store.  I'd definitely come and eat here again, they had a ton of stuff on their menu that I would like to try!
Big Ri Ra fan!  It takes you straight to Ireland with Irish bartenders, musicians, and interior design. It's a beautiful restaurant with a local flavor (hard to pull off on the strip!). Everyone was in good spirits  The food was delicious as well. I especially liked the caesar salad and sweet potato fries. A great selection of items.
Excellent! (channeling Mr. Burns...)  We stayed at the Luxor last week and discovered Ri Ra (along wtih the Guinness store next door) the first night as we wandered the walkway to Mandalay Bay.  Brand new, they said they'd opened 2 weeks ago.    It's got a good neighborhood pub feeling - even with the rowdies, come on! wouldn't be a pub without them.  They do a nice pour of Guinness and have Magner's cider on tap, my favorite go-to drink in a pub.  Hubby said the Reuben sandwich was the best he'd ever had and after I took a bite, heartily agreed.  We both had the lamb Shepherd's pie a few days later, very good as well.   Liked that they also offer the Cottage pie (beef instead of lamb).    Oh!  Music is a plus.  Monday night's band was lively and more modern, Wednesday night's duo was more traditional and subdued and I;d like to go back next time we're in Vegas.
Best pub in Vegas. Get the Ruben if you don't mind some cream in your jeans.
This place was on my radar as soon as I found out they offered a full Irish breakfast. Even though it necessitated a brief walk in the morning heat out of our hotel, a monorail ride, and yet more walking through the huge Mandalay Bay to reach it, this was probably in order to make up for the heart destroying greatness of the breakfast.  A bit more about the place first though.  Its located in the shopping area of the MB and is one of the first joints you will hit taking the escalator up from the casino.  The small frontage belies a pretty huge bar and restaurant inside.  All olde world wood and fixtures.  I believe a lot was imported direct from Ireland.  The place has four separate bars in its many interconnected rooms, its pretty cool and expansive.  Theres a good selection of beer on draught and even more on bottle.  I tried a couple of $4 pints of Smithwicks with my breakfast (hey cmon its Vegas!) and they were great.  The full Irish breakfast itself was fantastic. Probably the best breakfast I've had in the states, I cannot begin to contemplate namby pamby continental breakfasts and am no lover of pancake driven affairs either: give me meat and a pile of cholesterol please.  The breakfast included two eggs any style, a rasher of thick bacon, two pork sausages, black AND white pudding, a side of fried mushrooms, a grilled tomato and some bread too.  Thats served all day long for a Vegas bargain price of $12.95.  Everything was great, the b+w puddings and sausages were all imported from over the pond, and were spot on.  Everything was cooked just right, and for the price, the quality and quantity it was damned fantastic.  It set me up for the rest of the day.  I would tell you what my wife tried, but to be honest, I was completely wrapped up in my breakfast, and still am :)
Great little Irish Pub in the middle of the Mandalay Shopping Palace.  Everything was very authentic including our waitress who had moved to Vegas from Dublin a couple of months prior.    I had the Reuben which was amazing along with a Curry French Fries which were unique and very good.  The Guiness topped the meal off and towards the end of dinner a little live band started playing with an Irish dancer to boot.  All in all a very great little find for a middle of the road with great food Irish pub.
Awesome dive bar. Waitresses and bar tenders are actually Irish FOBs. Nice people, real. Beers on tap are awesome. Smithwicks, Kilkenny, etc. On tap. Nice.  Food is good, fish and chips good. For the prices in Vegas, the prices here are very good. I would go back anytime.
What a great find! Melissa was our waitress and she was the BEST! She definitely made that place a joy to visit twice. If you like martini's and want to try some delish then you must have the CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE martini...went down so good and very tasty! A MUST!!  Food was great and the music was fun too.  I will be back in Vegas soon and this will be on the list of places to go!
This place was really nice, good atmosphere and great food.  We had the Baked Goat Cheese App, OMG must order, this was delish, the highlight of my visit actually.  Crab cakes and Curry fries, both of these were good.   The fries were baked in cheddar and curry sauce, tasty.  I ordered the Traditional Irish Breakfast, it was very good, cooked well, yummy mushrooms and black and white pudding, which I've never had but wasn't bad, It went well with the yolk form my eggs.  My boyfriend loved the Black Sausage especially.  He ordered a corn beef sandwich which I saw get delivered but he ate it so fast I didn't see it after that.  They had great choices on beer and I had a Irish Coffee that was excellent, the best I ever had, the right touch of everything, in a cute glass too, if we were at a local bar I woulda swiped it, lol.  The bartenders were very friendly and Irish, they talked it up with you and made us laugh.  We definitely will be back, it's a great joint to get some good food and drinks.
TERRIBLE SERVICE!!  I wanted to like this place - was excited that there was a new Irish Bar, and convenient to our hotel room (at THEhotel).  Headed over there on our first day because there was an ad in our room for happy hour - buy a pint of Guiness, get a free shot of whiskey!    Unfortunately, when we asked for the happy hour special, the waitress wasn't aware of it.  We wound up talking to the manager, who said we had to have a coupon (apparently coupons were given to guests of other hotels, like the Luxor), and then said we must have been mistaken, and finally basically called us liars.  We asked if she would honor it if we went and got the ad, she agreed, so we made the trek back to the room, got the ad, and returned.  She did honor it, but we received no apology, no discount for our trouble, nothing.  We had planned on sticking around and having a few other beers, and some grub, but decided to just drink our Guiness and whiskey and leave.  The whiskey, Feckin, was, incidentally very good.  And, although it is in the "mall" between MB and Luxor, it had a decent atmosphere inside.  I just can't forgive the rude service, and we won't be back.  Maybe you will have better luck - my advice is be prepared to prove you are right about any advertised specials.
I thought this place was so awesome that I went twice in one night.  Went to Ri Ra, then to a concert, and back to Ri Ra.  I thought the atmosphere, vibe, decor, everything was awesome!  I'm am a huge whiskey fan so to see their walls lined with whiskeys was pretty great.  I also like beer and they have a ton of different kinds.  They also have something called a Shandy which is half beer, half lemonade/soda and it was $4.  Not bad at all.  The service from the waiter the first time and bartender the second time was equally great.  This bartender was like a dancer just moving about the bar and hooking people up with some perfectly poured pints.  I will, without a doubt, go back here again!
Great food and great staff
This is a great Irish Pub with great selection of whiskey and Irish beer to go around.  The menu is great.  It has items that seem pretty authentic and items that fit the not so adventurous. The Fish & Chips is the best I've eaten.  The owners have managed to get quite a few Irish men and women work visas and hired them on.  It's a great place and the next time I'm in Las Vegas I will go out of my way to visit this establishment.
Tourists rule this pub, but sometimes tourists can be fun too. This place is great because we don't get the "typical" Vegas bartender and wait staff. Nearly everybody is flown in from the mother country and our waiter had a strong Irish accent and was very nice in that Irish kind of way, even calling us "boys". Other strange things I encountered here were a Rasher, which was described as Irish bacon and a relish called ballytime which was sort of sweet, but basically a red relish. Both of those items landed on my $10.95 1/2 pound burger which included Irish Cheddar as well. Burger was cooked to perfection (I only eat them well done) and seemed to be just as good as Burger bar next door. My buddy ordered the fish and chips and proclaimed them to be the best ever. They included a free salad also. Our appetizer was an unusual one called Baked Goat Cheese. Basically a small bowl of melted and baked goat cheese with piles of chopped walnuts and two other Irish things you throw on some toasted flat bread. It's decent, but you don't need to order it and also skip the onion rings, which were just greasy onion strings. The fries were much better. They always have at least two $4 beers on tap (yesterday was two kinds of Irish shandy) and a very entertaining two-person Irish band was cranking out tunes as early as 9pm. Locals are like unicorns here, but this is one place where prices, service and food are reasonable enough to venture to the strip..at least for me.
Came here for dinner and there was a decent wait about 25-30 min so we decided to hit the bar.  The bar tender was nice and we chatted with him for a little bit.  He seemed to know his stuff.  When we did get our table, it was this awkward table that looked like it was in a walk way but there was absolutly no light shining on the table.   The only light that there was, was a tiny candle.  It felt like they just put atable because they coxuld, but they didn't want anyone else to know we were there at all.  But that wasn't really a problem.  We ordred tehe chicken wings and those are really good.  They are crispy and have the right amount of sauce.  I ordered the corn beef and cabbage and i thought it was pretty good.  My only complant was that the corned beef was cut with the grain rather than against, but no biggie still tasted good.  There were a cople of things that caught my eye, i will definietly come back for another meal.
Yeah - you know I don't hand out 5 stars very often - but this is the most authentic version of Fish & Chips that you can get outside of Dublin. HUGE portion, great chips, fresh fish - not too greasy - done right!  Steve had the Ruben - OH MY! I wanted to come back the next day just to have the Ruben.  Corned beef the true Irish way.  Steve #2 (our friend) had the Shepherd's Pie.  Again - traditionally irish.  Nice friendly Irish staff as well.  The waiter actually came after us because our friend left his CC.  How nice was that?  I can't wait to go back and EAT more!!!!!
First of all I would like to compliment on the decor. I've been told that there are original irish artifacts through out the restraunt which makes it very vibrant and unique looking. Second, i'd like to point out that they have a ridiculous selection of whiskey! And of course irish beer. The food is excellent. The rueben sandwich is HIGHLY recomended! And also the fish and chips! Their proportions are descent and the overall quality of the food is superb! The service is great! Very friendly staff and very knowledgeable :) which I love! I have yet to try the chocolate chocolate martini (i hear its to die for) but will mosdef be on my list the next time around! I do believe they have local and irish bands play on weekends during the evening so thats definately a plus! And most importantly the atmosphere is awesome! You honestly get a mixed crowd of locals and tourist!  FYI: they do not have the full menu after 10 or 11pm only certain things on the menu but still a great selection is still available for your late night appetite :) the restraunt is located inside mandalay place at the mandalay bay hotel and casino across from the flip flop shop.  enjoy and happy eating!
I'm not used to Irish pubs being in a "mall" between hotels.  Ambiance was expected for this location, about half the patrons were tourist with their kids and the other were supporters of the live band.  Food was okay, but the service rates right down the middle.  I had the corned beef and cabbage which was prepared well.  Surprisingly the interior decor is really cool, but it's everything else that rates this pub right down the middle.
Very nice, authentic Irish pub on the Strip...gotta love the Irish bartender too!  The decor is very cool...I absolutely loved the chandeliers.  The beer/cider selection was great too.
Anyone who has read my reviews knows that I'm no stranger to an Irish pub. In fact, I'm a regular pub snob, as my husband is 100% born and raised in Ireland, and I've spent a good amount of my time in pubs. Some good, some bad, some mediocre. And I know it's a chain, but I LOVE this Ri Ra.  After a stressful week spent in meetings, the minute I got to Vegas all I wanted to do was unwind. My coworker knows I love a good pub, and was familiar with Ri Ra, so she suggested we go get a drink. I could still hug her for that! When I stepped in, Ri Ra felt like home. Irish staff and bartenders, dim lighting, lots of dark wood, and an all around great atmosphere. There's even a statue of St. Patrick holding a pint! Love it. (Oh, and this pub is HUGE, btw - if you don't like the area you're sitting in, go exploring into another room, and you're bound to find a space that makes you happy.)  So, we sat at the bar, I knocked back a couple of Jameson & Diet Cokes (not too overly expensive for Vegas, either), and we shared the curry chips, which were excellent. A huge portion (for a good price), and I don't know what they did with the curry, but I loved it, and I'm not normally a fan of curry. As my husband was due to arrive into Vegas later that night, I immediately made plans to bring him back in for drinks and dinner.  Flash forward a few hours, and he and I are sitting in the snug, dining on some awesome food (get the salmon...mmmm.) and listening to a decent "Irish" band. (They didn't just play trad Irish, but also threw a bit of everything in, from classic rock and beyond). We moved to the bar after dinner, and  my husband strikes up a conversation with the bartender, who is (of course!) from my husband's home town.   This experience pretty much laid the foundation for our weekend in Vegas, as I think we managed to come back to Ri Ra at least 3 more times over the weekend, and each time was a lot of fun - full or empty, music or no music.   I already can't wait for my next trip back to Vegas in October, as I'll definitely be a repeat customer at Ri Ra. Just save me a seat at the bar, and have a menu and a Jameson ready for me.
I had been wanting to try this pub for a while and was excite when my friends voted last minute to cancel the Mexican and stop in here for some pre concert eats.  Located in Mandalay Place, which in the past could be hard to find from the main hotel, but there are signs EVERYWHERE. (I used to work in the mall, so I know it used to be difficult to find.)     We were seated right away and immediately felt at home. The decor, though new construction, made it feel like it has been there forever. Our waitress came immediately and brought us our drinks very quickly. A Guiness for myself and a summer shandy for my friend. Our other friends arrived and also got the shandy. The crowd was a normal mix of your typical Vegas Strip spot. Old, young, drunk bachelorette, etc. A huge fan of Reubens, I was excited to see it in a prime spot on the menu. Once we ordered our food, Sarah, our waitress brought out soda bread and butter. The bread was delightful, but the butter was those little cold bricks. It tasted fine but I hate having to warm it in my hand in order to make it spreadable.      I got the Publican Reuben with a side of Garlic Creamed Spinach. Other orders at the table included a Caesar Salad and another side of Creamed Spinach. (Did I mention my friends are girls) The reuben was the perfect size (no snake-like jaw acrobatics needed). The meat was tender and juicy with the perfect mix of salty. The sauerkraut was great, but there could have been a little more of it and the sauce was AH-MAZING! The creamed spinach tasted phenomenal. We joked a little at the texture as it was a little baby-foody, but it wasn't bad enough to make us uncomfortable. I would definitely order this side again, though I would order the large size. NOTE: If you are ordering any of the sides by themselves, go large.     When we were finished Sarah asked to bring the bill and even offered to split it up for us. Normally, anywhere on the Strip, when you make this request, it is answered with a shrug, a sigh and a hesitant, if not, passive aggressive, "Okay." All in all, the experience at Ri Ra was a great one. I will be back for the Fish and Chips. Everyone around us was ordering them and they looked mouth wateringly yummy. Make sure you get there early. After 8:45, when the band starts playing, a Live Entertainment Tax is added to you bill. Also, park in the Mandalay Place Valet as it is very close to the restaurant and is so much quicker than parking the Mandalay Bay Parking Garage.
Terrific pub! If you find yourself anywhere even near Mandalay Bay, you have to stop in.   First off, they pour a great Guinness. Pouring a Guinness is an art, half of the experience is the velvety creamy head on top and if that is not done right the whole beer is off. Second the food is amazing. This is not straight out of the microwave pub/tavern food, the meals here are serious. My husband and I shared the Kings cut prime rib, it was the biggest cut of rare meat I have ever been served, and it was so tender I was able cut it with a butter knife. It was absolutely decedent. Also, the fish and chips was amazing. Not a pile of fish sticks but a lightly battered and gently fried fillet of premium fish, it was delicious. The bartenders we met were actually from Ireland so the conversation was interesting and they often have live music. We kept coming back during our stay and we are already talking about returning on our next trip to Vegas. Don't miss it!
The atmosphere here is great, from the decor, to the music to the service, there is a very great feel.   The food is decent, however, it is not traditional Irish food, it is more Irish food with an American twist. The bangers were not quite right(not sure if they were actually real bangers), which kind of threw off the taste of the sausage rolls. Still the food was good.  One thing I that kind of shocked me was the 'live entertainment tax' which kind of sucked since it was almost $5. I have never payed that here in CA, so I wasn't expecting it.   The 'Irish band' was also a tad disappointing, they played many American songs, and not a lot of folk songs like I was expecting. They all were great musicians though and had great voices.   Overall not a bad pub, reminded me a lot of the pubs of Southern Ireland.
Another great find! Thank you Yelp!!  Right when I walked in here, I thought of the Book/movie P.S. I love you. I LOVE that book/movie.  Everyone is very friendly and I loved out waitress. She was friendly and easy to talk to. She was the one with the red hair. If you are reading this *waving dramatically* that's what she told us to do if we needed her. LOL  When I looked at the drink menu, this is what I found: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dWk0mbhj79pK3WBp5oLtpw?select=3XySGJO_Mi0dp1ym6WAGdw YAY! So I HAD to order it. It was pretty good. Came out very creamy. Here is a picture: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dWk0mbhj79pK3WBp5oLtpw?select=YEzDue885fvE9rS3XHNzcw  After reading the reviews, I had to order the Fish and Chips. I was VERY VERY glad that I did. This was the BEST BEST Fish and chips I every had. The fries that came with it was okay but that doesn't really matter. The Fish was incredible! It came out perfectly crispy and hot. The fish was scrumptious.   We also ordered the Yankee burger that was the special for the 4th of July weekend. Here is a picture: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dWk0mbhj79pK3WBp5oLtpw?select=AVc_MsyTfq_Qo1oISn2LuA The burger came out tasteful. It was surprisingly not dry. We got Sweet potato fries with it and there was no extra charge!! YAY! Loved the sweet potato fries. Came out nice and crispy. (if you read most of my reviews, I loved it when the food is crispy LOL) haha  We also ordered the Salmon. I didn't get the dish name but here is a picture: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dWk0mbhj79pK3WBp5oLtpw?select=isyE6oXJNOy3smL-JP_jdw Our waitress recommended it and it was good. The Mashed potato was really good too.   I would totally recommend this place. Loved the food and atmosphere. They also have a REALLY large TV in the back room. Great for watching sports. Luckily we sat right in front of it.
Excellent Irish Pub.  The servers have the appropriate accent and attitude.  (i.e. warm, friendly and understanding that you are there to be a little loud).  The food is excellent, and for Vegas, decent prices on the drinks and food.  Of the meals not consumed in liquid form, this place was an excellent suggestion from a friendly local at the Mandalay Bay who was selling huge 64oz adult slurpees.   Very happy I found this place, I wouldn't have tried it otherwise.
4.5 stars? Maybe if you've wandered the desert for 30 days desperate for a Guinness. Otherwise, a disaster.  I was just looking for fish and chips and a beer after a long day working a conference. So I sat at the bar on a Monday night and waited. Bar was sort of dirty and gross, took a while to get somebody to wipe it down. Employees are all Irish (or doing passable fake-Irish accents) which is sort of cute and sort of weird, like, do they all get flown over here for some sort of indentured servitude as part of an Irish government program? One can only hope.  Anyhoo, a waitress finally got to me and I got a Kilkenny and the fish & chips, Kilkenny was flat, which was disappointing. Fish & chips came quickly, and the fish was a massive portion and not bad (if a tad bland) but the fries were foul, greasy, cold and congealed. While I'm picking at the fish, a group of douchebags next to me gets into a conversation about the gays, how in San Francisco they're all "kissing on each other" in public, in Kentucky we don't have any of that, blah blah blah. Loud homophobes aren't a restaurant's fault but, you know, just portraying the spiraling ugliness of the evening.  It took a full half an hour to pay -- 15 minutes to get someone's attention, 15 minutes more since they were having some sort of problem with the credit card machine, which never did get worked out, I finally slapped down my last $25 in cash and got the fuck out of there.   Inevitably, later, I had the craps, and I don't mean Vegas-style.
The dark woods, live music, and ever flowing Guinness creates a festive atmosphere that Fado's has left behind. The prices are definitely Strip, but is backed up by ethereal goodness.   There were several times where I was caught looking at the neighbor's plate, but I could not take my eyes off the enormous piece of fish and the bounty of chips that came with his order. If I was not trying to be good after my Chinatown voyage, earlier in the day, I would have ordered it in a heartbeat. Instead, I went against the no salad at bars rule and ordered the chop chop ($13.95). The large chunks of avocado, halved cherry tomatoes, diced chicken, red onions, and mixed greens normally come with bleu cheese crumbles and a mustard vinaigrette. I asked for without either and subbed the champagne vinaigrette instead and it was magnificent. Stole a bite of a friend's steak and hand cut fries ($24.95). The steak was beautiful, thick and came with sauteed mushrooms and onions. The hand cut fries were a let down, coming out limp and soggy. The process of thievery continued on to another friend's sausage rolls ($9.95) and they were impressive. The sausage was moist and flavorful while the bread had the buttery flakiness of a croissant. For the price listed above you get two rolls and my friend who eats like a bird polished them off.
I loved this place! My only wish is that we had something like this up in our neck of the woods. We live in the NW corner of the valley and driving to the strip gets old fast. We lived in Japan for nearly a decade and one of our favorite hang outs was an Irish pub. Yes, an excellent Irish pub in small town Japan. It was great. We've been missing that. This place came close. It is a chain so it didn't quite get to that intimate mom & pop feel but it was close. The atmosphere is perfect. It is dark and cozy. Our server was adorable. He was friendly, efficient and attentive. The accent was a huge bonus. I don't know if it was real but it was convincing enough for me. I told my  husbnd to tip extra just beause I got to hear the Irish accent. :)   The food? Delicious. I'm a salmon fanatic and they have a few salmon selections to choose from. I ended up getting the salmon rlt. It was not an easy choice to make though and I will have to go back to try some other items. The salmon rlt was so good I couldn't stop saying so and I'm sure I annoyed our friend who was with us. My husband got the fish & chips. He can be rather picky about fish & chips. While in Germany visiting family we took him to a British military installation where he had the best fish & chips he's ever had and he has yet to find anything that compares. This came close. The chips were not quite up to his high standards but he says the fish was excellent. It must have been because the portion was huge and he ate all of it. Our friend got the Guinness & beef stew and said it was good. He didn't rave about it but he seemed content. We all agreed it was a nice lunch and we'd go there again.  I cannot wait to go back and pick another item off the menu.
I accidentally came across this place when I was in search of the Guinness Store and as fate would have it...IT'S NEXT TO THE GUINNESS STORE!  Um...AWESOME!  Do not let the tiny entrance fool you!  This place has 3 rooms!  They sold me with the prime rib, and i must add THIS IS THE BEST PRIME RIB I HAVE EVER HAD.  And also...It's enough to put two people into a food coma!  THAT BIG!  But seriously, you cannot come here and not have a drink!  I had my first (don't laugh) white Russian here.  Not really sure if they're suppose to taste that good everywhere else too, but omg yum!  So if you want your monies worth, really good food and live music in a super cool atmosphere...GO HERE!  Worth the price, worth the foot traffic, JUST DO IT!
Stopped in for a late lunch on a weekday.  The atmosphere was nice, very pub-like with dark woods and wall cabinets showing off bottles of whiskey, although I would have preferred a few more cozy booths.  The place was probably 1/3 to 1/2 full.  The fish and chips were pretty good.  Specifically, the fried fish was quite possibly the best I've had in the US, but definitely not as good as served in the UK (it was hot and tasty and probably 2-3 servings for the small/regular size but the batter slid off the fish, was somewhat too greasy, and did not have a very deep/complex flavor).  The chips were rather poorer and were not freshly cooked like the fish, but the fries were still passable/edible (salted just right and a good size, but limp and slightly overcooked).  The Bass pint was good too.  Total was $21 before tip.  My waiter was extremely attentive.  I would definitely go here again for lunch but probably not twice in one trip to Las Vegas.
Went here twice. First time for a drink in the evening. It was dark, a lot of woodwork, decorated nicely. I've never been to Ireland, but it looked and felt like what I would expect from a real Irish pub. There are three sections of the bar, and each one sort of represents a different type of pub. One section was more "white collar", one was more "blue collar". I didn't really go in the third section where they have the live music.  I went back for dinner the following evening. I had Bangers and Mash. I haven't tried this dish very many times, but this was the best I've had. I have no idea how authentic the food is, but it was very good. I tried  a bite of the Corned Beef and Cabbage. It was also delicious.   Our waiter was very friendly, and the service was outstanding when we went for dinner. When I just went for a drink, I sat at the bar. The bartender was just OK. She wasn't rude, but didn't really make a customer feel welcome. Very robotic.
Great food and Guinness. Lamb burger and gyro are awesome. As are the fries......get the gravy.  Service was excellent as well
Of all the meals I had while here for a week, this was my least favorite. Clearly the food here is good I think that I just ordered the wrong menu item (even though it was a server recommendation.) Salmon portion was generous but mashed potatoes, asparagus and Beurre Blanc did not measure up in the taste category. Friends had wings, chop chop salad and a burger, & sandwich. Lemon Drop was very good but second order had to be returned due to lack of sugared rim. Hey, it's what makes this drink so darn good. Here is the kicker, and it's a good one! In the front of the house they had a threesome playing Irish songs. They were good but it was piped into the dining area and made conversation nigh impossible. I get the check $192.00 for dinner for five, drink for each and they have tacked on $16.00 for live entertainment. I did not say anything, tipped 20% and left feeling ripped off. I have never had this fee added to a dinner check when the "house" is offering live music in another venue. Shame on you for the sneaky move to extract more money from unsuspecting tourists.
They took us in when our large group reservation was given away by Burger Bar, which was terrific.  It's difficult to handle an unexpected group of 25 folks who are starving and desperate for a drink and a rest, but they did a fine job.  Nothing we ordered was outstanding (though the potato and crab cakes seemed to be pretty much the faves), but they wrangled us well, brought us hot food and cold drinks, and charmed some of the folks in our party with their fresh-off-the-plane accents (they're all pretty good looking, too, the male and female staff).    There was an Irish band playing, and they were fun.  There's a cute little bar area off to the left with banquettes and easy chairs -- and a giant TV, if there's a game on you want to watch.  Weird bathroom, though - one stall is freakishly narrow.
I wanted to like this place since I was 3 out 3 from Yelp recommendation. With four hours into dinner I was responsible to find a place for nine of us. They were nice enough to take our reservation. I ordered fish and chips. Sorry it wasn't that good. I remembered way back when my friend asked if my tongue gets spoiled from eating all the good food. I said no because I still enjoy Del Taco and Wendy's. It's not all together true. I'm sure it's not just me but when you tried something so good that becomes your bench mark. You wish you can find something this good and hopefully doesn't cost you an arm and a leg. The best fish and chips I was at Venetian. Fries are so perfected by your McDonalds and Wendy's that it's harder for mom and pop restaurant to follow suit.   Their chips were fries and they were soft same goes with their fried fish. The fish itself is not flavorful, sigh I wanted to like it so much since I love fish and chips.  For appetizer we ordered chicken wings and it were good only 8 pieces per plate though.  We waited almost 40 mins for our food. The waitress was nice and patient even though I was not. She keep asking, "are there anything else I can get you?" and I tell her, "yes, we like our food" I was feeling a bit a pressure since I'm the one bringing all my friends here and I wanted us to be served and fed properly.  I tried my buddy steak and it was cooked well, medium, pink, soft, and flavorful. Again it was served with cold, mushy fries. They also serve prime ribs didn't get to try that one but it must have been good since my friend cleaned it up  I like the ambiance if that's how Irish pubs are in Irish I'm cool with it. Love the live band playing Irish tune. I like how restaurant stay true to their culture and identity.   Pro: Ambiance Friendly waitress Ruben sandwich was good a little much on butter but the meat was done well. Do order the ruben sandwich over fish and chips  Con: Food takes  too long to get to our table My fish and fries were not crunchy and fish has little flavor like it was thawed last night. With any seafood items it's best if it's caught in the morning and serve right away. Anything frozen or serve over a day old the freshness is compromised.
Stopped by here on the way back to the room. Was a pretty fun pub. Servers were cool as well as the customers. Place is pretty lively. Have great hangover recovery food as well. Will definitely come back.
Stopped in before dinner at Border Grill and a concert at the beach. I wanted to check out their draft selection. It was pretty varied, the one that piqued my interest was Delirium Tremens. A Belgium pale ale. We both had to try it. I loved the pink elephants on the glasses and tapper, the irony was fun. It was good strong beer to boot 8.5% abv. The husband also enjoyed a Weihenstephan. The bar had a nice relaxed vibe, I tend to favor Irish bars and Ri Ra did not disappoint. If the bartender wasn't more interested in the X-game coverage than serving drinks, I'd give a higher rating.
I went with friends from the East last night.  I really like the decor of this pub.  Service was very good.  The server kept an eye on our glasses and brought replacement drinks as needed.  I got the Shepherd's Pie.  Very tasty, and just the right amount of food.  This isn't one of those places where you're going to remark about huge portions.  They are just the right amount without overdoing the amount of food you get.  This Shepherd's Pie is made with the traditional ground lamb which gave it a rich flavor.  The two with me had fish and chips and bangers and Mash.  Both enjoyed their meals.  I'd return here and try something else on the menu.  There are some good choices.
Great bar in the Mandalay!  Irish staffers (they're here on 1 year work visas) make you feel like you're in the real deal.  And these guys know how to properly pour a pint of Guinness!  Their fish and chips are HUGE (get the small order) and DELICIOUS!  I also had a Reuben and it was also huge and tasty, if not a tad soggy on the bottom side. But after another pint, I didn't care!
Good place for irish food and drink.
Came here on a rainy Sunday afternoon. The first thing I noticed was just how HUGE this place is (definitely does not look that big from the entry). The decor is gorgeous and it seems like it would be a great place to go on a weekend night for entertainment. Our server was from Ireland and was friendly and helpful. My friend had the soup and sandwich combo and I had the daily roast. Oh my God, that was awesome. The roast beef was great, the vegetables were great, the yorkshire pudding was great. I hate broccoli and never like the smell or having it anywhere near the rest of my food. There was broccoli mixed into the vegetables and everything was so good I didn't even care that my other veggies were "fraternizing" with the broccoli. That meal was the highlight of my day. I will be back probably any time I am at Mandalay Bay.
Awsome Irish pub. Garlic mussels and fish/chips... Nice lunch.
Super high energy and a friendly party atmosphere fueled by live music, good food, and alcohol make this the best Irish themed pub in Vegas.  For pub grub, it has to be the burgers. the dubliner (ground lamb seasoned with rosemary and topped with onions, goat cheese and curry mayo) is incredible. So juicy and flavorful.  The Guinness BBQ burger is also excellent.  Topped with a house made Guinness BBQ sauce, Irish cheddar cheese and onion rings; what's not to love.  The short list for entrees include the Moors & Bay (bacon wrapped fillet with Guinness glazed prawns), Shepherd's Pie (made with lamb), and the Guinness & Beef Stew (deeply flavored fork tender beef cooked in beer; how can you go wrong).  Service is very friendly (remember, its a pub).  Great selection of Irish whiskey and single malt scotches. Decent selection of Irish beers.  Prices are slightly lower than most Strip restaurants.  Highly recommended.
We stay at Mandalay Bay quite frequently, and after many walks past this place we decided to eat here. During the day this place is pretty quiet, but the food was DELICIOUS. Amazing fish and chips, the best sweet potato fries, and even their vegetables were tasty! Good to know you can still stay healthy while surrounded by pub fare - I ordered the Hummus wrap and it was pretty good. Since I didn't feel like ordering a $15 cocktail I stuck with the $6.50 pear cider, it was pretty huge and a good deal. They currently have a promotion where if you check in on foursquare you can save 10% off food. For 3 entrees and 2 drinks it was around $50. Overall, the 3 of us left smiling and satisfied.
Good food,good beer, and good service.
We ate breakfast here about 10 AM one morning recently and had the best meal!  I ordered the Boxter which was without a doubt one of the best breakfasts I've ever tasted.   My wife had the American breakfast and enjoyed it also.      Great atmosphere, great food, and very conveniently located if you're staying at the Luxor, Mandalay Bay, or theHotel.  Highly recommended.
I love this place!  It's nice to have live music for a change.  The fish n' chips are a mouthful... seriously.  Beware of the all mighty Guiness and Jameson shots... it can go downhill fast!
Great food, I went in for fish and chips, but they were out. So I had the wings, and they were nothing short of amazing.
WHERE: It is located inside the Mandalay Place Shops.  WHEN: Monday through Thursday, 11am-3am. Friday, 11am-4am. Saturday, 9am-4am. Sunday, 9am-3am. (There is definitely plenty of time for you to stop on by, whether it be a drink or something to snack on! =D)  WHY: If you are looking to experience a jolly, good old time! & some BEER! Beer's always good! =)  WHAT: I haven't been to an Irish Pub in a while, and thank goodness my friend and I decided to walk into this one! There were many times I would come to shop at the Mandalay Place and noticed the pub -but this time I finally kicked myself in the butt and walked in.  After we were directed to our table, I noticed such an amazing atmosphere! It was perfectly dim and a place where you can come in to socialize with friends. It was then time to make our order!  -Pub Wings: We started off with this delightful appetizer! It was covered with Guinness BBQ sauce and Jameson honey glaze alongside bleu cheese dip. The flavors mingled so well (Probably a little too well because I ate about 75 percent of the wings, and left my friend the remaining 25 percent, haha). So... Hoorah! -Turkey, Bacon & Bleu Melt: Me! This was my pick. It was really good, but a little dry. I had to dip it in my bleu cheese, but overall it was still a great sandwich. -Publicans Reuben: This was my friend's pick (Oh, I forgot to mention that we traded half of our sandwiches with each other so we got to taste the best of both worlds!) I cannot explain how great this sandwich was! It was ultimately the best reuben sandwich I've ever gotten to taste! I RECOMMEND THIS SANDWICH UNDOUBTEDLY!  During and after our meal, our server and busser came several times to check on us! (I believe their names were D and Fred, if I can recall). They were happy to grab us some more water, dressing, whatever the case was. This definitely made it such a positive experience! I loved all of the workers! They were all so kind and had plenty of beautiful smiles on their faces whenever they walked by.  Overall, the space was very cozy, the people were awesome, the food was yummy in my tummers, and I will most likely be returning for some bomb dot com reuben sandwiches and probably some BEER! Watch out for me! haha
Don't wait until St Patrick's Day to visit this great pub. A great spot to start your night off or to take a break from power shopping at Mandalay Place, Ri Ra embodies everything a great Irish bar should be. The best part is they're not lazy about their bar food. The menu is unassuming and reasonably priced (keep in mind it IS on the strip, so don't expect $2.50 beers and $4.99 chicken fingers) and boy was I glad I tried some unique stuff suggested by some regulars in our group.   Baked goat cheese. Something about it just seems weird to me, so it's not something I seek out on menus. But I advise you to do so. So warm and tasty and it comes with fun little toppings to slap on the toasty bread. Great for sharing over some beers, of which they have plenty of. I love the Shandy, light and refreshing and not too filling. Moving on to Malt Vinegar Mayo sauce with fries. That is a real thing and it is amazing. At first I was like, hmm vinegar and mayo? Sounds dangerous. Well the only danger is you choking because you're hoovering this into your face hole. So good and they give you a good portion when ordered as a side. The sandwiches are massive and look tasty.   Service is great, I've never had a bad experience. Bonus points for scoring a seat where the server is from Ireland...I swear something about the accent makes the food taste better here. The dcor is very rich and authentic looking. As a matter of fact some pieces of the bar are actually imported from Ireland, thought that was a fun fact. Take a walk around as each room has a different feel to it.   Local or tourist, definitely put this place on your list to try out.
This place just makes me happy.  During my last business trip to Vegas this year in April, I discovered this new Irish pub in Mandalay Place.  The decor is great, and the food and service is even better.  A couple things that I tried...corned beef and cabbage dinner, which was different than your traditional Boiled dinner, but it was delicious.  I also tried a few appetizer such as the potato cakes and the sweet potato fries which were also good.  But, I am obsessed with goat cheese and had to try the baked goat cheese appetizer.  This is a must-try, and is up there on my list of all-time favorite foods.  Recently went there Labor Day wknd with a friend, and had the best Irish server.  Very personable, and made our lunch enjoyable. =)
Just try to get a seat at the bar, service is way better there
Good food, good beer and good service.   We were told to go here by two drunk Irish folks we met at another bar, so I guess if they say it's good, it's good.   My husband had one of the specials of the day which included a HUGE corned beef sandwich in a bbq type sauce. It was huge, and apparently delicious.  I had the smoked salmon RLT (including irish bacon, smoked salmon, lettuce and tomato) which was simply amazing. I had a side of mashed potatoes and gravy which were also great.  Our bartenders were knowledgeable about all the Irish beers and even got me to try something I normally never would - Guinness Black Label. And I had 2. Great selection of Irish beers on tap and in bottle, and some American beers on draught too.  So glad we decided to head on in. It was well worth the money. We'll be back!
The food was de-freaken-licious, live music, bartenders from Ireland and all around good atmosphere... My girlfriend and I stayed here instead of going out clubbing. Fair warning, "fish n chips" comes in 2 sizes, huge and "did somebody kill a whale?" (ok its actually regular and large but you get my point). Bangers and Mash was my choice and for being a simple dish of sausage, mashed potatoes, peas and gravy, it was mouth wateringly delicious. Being a local, I signed up for the Locals card, which entitles you to 20% off food!
After having an amazing time at Nine Fine Irishmen my friend and I decided to try this irish bar.  We went back to Nine.  It was totally boring in here.  I felt like I was in an old folks home.  The band was slow, boring and just plain bad.  The service was ok.  The bar itself is pretty nice and has a cool selection of whiskey on the walls.  But the thing of it is it just wasn't that fun.  I'll be going back to Nine thank you very much.
This was my home base on my last trip to Vegas.  Smithwicks on tap, and Powers Irish Whiskey for shots, couples with the Irish breakfast......I'm a fan.  The front bar has a real pub feel even though it's in a new age casino mall.  Definately try this place if staying at the Mandalay Bay!
I love Irish pubs and have visited my fair share. This one is definitely, one of the best. Probably the worst part of R R, is it's location. You might even miss it, walking by. Over the years, their biggest competitor (Nine Fine Irishmen, at NYNY) has slowly fallen out of favor with me. In fact, the ONLY thing I think Nine Fine has the upper leg on, anymore, is the decor, and that's only because it's two levels vs. R R's one.  The facade is in the Mandalay Bay/Luxor mall, which is known as Mandalay Place. It's a rather small entry and doesn't offer a very good view of the interior. Once inside, it's a well apportioned Irish Pub with plenty of traditional decor and very dark tones. I like my pubs dark, this one nailed it. It's a rather long and narrow restaurant with a bar on one side and booths on the other. As with any good pub, you can get food at the bar, and typically better service and conversation.  We happened into this place on a Saturday morning and tried a couple items from the brunch menu. I had the Irish eggs benedict. They were poached eggs on potato cakes, rashers, with sauce and a side of hash brown potatoes. The only thing I can find wrong, was the eggs were overcooked. Poached eggs should be runny and they were past that point. Everything else was perfect. It was a lot of potato, but that's Irish food and I like it. Especially good for nursing a hangover. My wife had the corned beef sandwich with curry chips. Chips, of course, being what Americans call fries. Excellent with the curry sauce. When we saw it on the menu, we knew it would be a winner. They had the proper condiments, including malt vinegar and HP sauce available on the bar.  We both had a couple of drinks, including something called a "Plain stout" that was spectacular. The bartender was very friendly and helpful, although a little on the slow side to stop by and check on us. But his demeanor and attitude made up for it. He seemed to be of the Irish background, along with another 'lad' behind the bar.  Definitely will be returning. I will probably be skipping Nine Fine for this place, if things over at Nine Fine don't improve. Really a very good find in Vegas for me.
My favorite stop during a weekend dedicated almost exclusively to eating! Our waitress not only gave us recommendations on what to order, but how best to eat it once ordered (in a cool Irish accent, no less!).  The sausage roll appetizer was absolutely delicious, and the mustard dipping sauce that came with it so good that I asked for more of it to dip the onion rings that came with my main course.  My main course - the "Dubliner" lamb burger - was perfectly cooked and incredibly seasoned, the goat cheese was the perfect touch.  My husband's bangers and mash were exactly what you want when you order bangers and mash - hearty, delicious comfort food.  We had to roll ourselves out of there, but it was worth it!
An authentic Irish Pub. This was my favorite meal of my trip to Vegas. My husband and I shared a Steak Pie (a shepards pie made with steak rather than lamb) and a Salmon RLT. A smoked salmon sandwich that was an explosion of flavor.  The staff was very friendly and we got to watch some football while we ate.
This is the best Irish bar/restaurant I have ever been to.  The waiter was kind, helpful and attentive.  I also loved the Irish accent!  Went for a late dinner- 11:15pm!  Not sure I have ever had dinner at that hour before- that's Las Vegas for you.    Ordered a mojito to drink- I know not a great Irish choice but I was craving one.  Turned out to be a bad choice.  Not great at all.  Think it cost $9.  Got the cup of Potato Leek soup from the specials menu.  I was suprised to learn it was vegetarian and it was DELICIOUS!!  Even the bread it came with was yummy- smells terrible was tasted great.  Loved that they serve Irish butter!!  I also ordered the potato cakes off the appetizer menu.  Very yummy.  Recommend!  My husband got the corned beef and cabbage with mashed potatoes.  He liked it but suprised to find it served with gravy which contained wheat to thicken it.  He tries to eat gluten free.
Best Irish Restaurant and best Reuben sandwich. The value is great  and the food was unforgettable. The bar has a warm, old-time feel to it.  UPDATE - went back and the Reuben was just ok. Also, they charged an entertainment fee. I am not a big fan of last minute fees like this so they lose a star.
We only drank here and didn't try any of the food.  Really good place to drink some pints.  Another great place with a good beer selection.  Cold and served in Imperial pints.  What more could you ask for?  Decor is traditional Irish, i.e. dark wood, subdued lighting.  Alot of TVs showing international soccer matches.  There were a couple of guys from Ireland playing their guitars and singing on the stage.  Service was excellent.  Great place to hang out.
A charming place with live @Irish" music every night.  The food was bland and service dreadfully slow, but the drinks and atmosphere were great.  Everyone had a great time.
This was a backup dinner place after the original plan fell through. We, a party of six, waltzed in without a reservation on a weeknight and was able to get seated right away at about 7pm.   Pub wings (10.95) - pretty good but didn't change your life. You can get these in a Guinness BBQ sauce, Jameson honey glaze, mild, wild, or volcanic.   Publicans Reuben Sandwich ($13.95) - tons and tons of brisket. So delicious, but be prepared for a serious sandwich. Would prefer if they had a bread that could hold up the sandwich a bit better.   Shepard's Pie ($15.95) - the lamb was a bit salty. Nothing memorable.  Fish & Chips - very generous portion. Got the regular at $14.95, though there's a larger size too. Good, but nothing memorable.  Decent selection of brews, at the time they were offering a special of red beer mixed with lemonade (I think that was the combo). Delicious.  Service was just okay! There was live music and dancing, which was fun to observe. All in all, felt like the whole experience was a bit hokey, and for the price, I'm not sure I'd go back since there are so many other options in Vegas. Hmm....
This is the BEST Pub I've ever been to. Had me wedding reception here on 11/11/11 and everything was incredible. Couldn't have asked for more from the staff, wonderful service. They were prompt and on top of everything. Paula was a huge help and kept me sane the entire planning process and Junior was the best bartender I've ever had. Ask for his magic drink. Don't know what he called it, what's in it or anything but it was amazing. Couldn't love this place anymore. We will be back anytime we are in town and when we move back. It's on the strip but it's very local friendly.   Also, the Guinness Stew & Shepards Pie are to die for! Food is always really good and staff very attentive.  Great place to book parties & receptions. Keeps the pub atmosphere while still being very classy. And the live music is always great :)
So, what is this!?  What is this awesomeness they call "Guiness and Beef Stew"!?  I mean, really?    And WHY haven't I tried it before.  God, it was excellent.    Anyway, we were in Vegas this past weekend and had an actual rare night to ourselves (me and the lady) so we went to look for food.  Our TAO reservations were for the day after and so we yelped what was good near the area.  Of course, R R popped up, and we liked the name, so we chanced it.  I was actually quite worried we wouldn't find the place, but it's actually easy to spot.  Just head down to the area between Mandalay Bay and Luxor.  Then, look for the huge Guinness store.  It's part of/next to/permanently attached to the hip to R R.    So, anyway, I ordered the stew and she ordered the Fish and Chips.  She ordered some crazy drink, and I ordered some kind of Oktoberfest.  But, I wish now I grabbed a (insert blarney accent here) "point".  It'd go so good with the Stew.  Anyway, I'll give this place the four stars because of that stew.  She loved it.  I loved it.    It had this slight hint of the popular Irish pint.  But, I think it actually added more to the flavor because of its bitterness.  The beef was really soft, and though I'd rather have potato chunks, the mash was soft and delicious.  Service, for us anyway, was great.  They were attentive, though sometimes we'd go for fairly long stretches between checks.  Though, we were quite in the middle of conversation for most of the night, so I actually thought it was nice of them to leave mostly well enough alone.  Come here for the stew!  Good lord.  Now I gotta find a place in LA that serves that stuff even better!
Are these real Irishmen that work here?  Cheers?  What is there to Cheer?  Oh yeah, we're in VEGAS BABY!   DUH!  Remember that scene in SNATCH where Brad Pitt is talking about boxing and leaving the trailer park and the crowd of thugs look at him all confused like, "Huh? What'd he say?"  Well, sometimes its like that here since the waiters are so pub-authentic they actually have thick Irish accents.  I mean how could you not stop at this pub after window shopping at the Guinness store right next door.  You just get this craving for a Guinness.  And, no matter what foodstuffs you order, they all taste amazing with an ice cold Guinness or Heineken, on tap. Cheers!  One of the most beautiful pubs that I have ever been to.  Velvet Red robe curtains, sheets, and dark brown mahogany walls.  Is this what the stomach of Hugh Hefner looks like?  If so please, send me there immediately.
I am okay with people not liking the place.  It will do just fine without you and be a little less crowded.  Nine Fine was our go to Irish in Las Vegas, but cross that off now that we have found Ri Ra.  What is good? Well, for one, the people.  Sat down on Friday afternoon for a pint while shopping and struck up a conversation with two of the guys behind the bar.  Really nice people, made us want to go back later for dinner, and we did.  And we were glad. Oh, and they recognized us.  We weren't looking for anything, but that tells me something about the persons tending bar and the atmosphere of the place.     For dinner, I can only remember what my husband and I had, not our friends, but we had Shepard's Pie and a Kilcooly sandwich.  I do know that all four of us were quite happy with our meals.  They pull a proper pint of Guinness, which really should be mandatory for anyone who serves Guinness.  Great choices for beer.    Good music was also another reason why we like the place.  The band was from Ireland and they were weaving in traditional songs and their own songs.  My understanding is that they bring a lot of bands from Ireland in.  While we were there they were showing Rugby World Cup and football from all over.  This is a good place to go if you are looking for Premiership.  I will be back.  And I won't be going back to Nine Fine.
This place had waitresses that are actually from Ireland.  The girl we had was so sweet and very cute.  She also had freckles and reddish hair.  The food was very yummy.  I was sad to see that there wasn't corn beef and cabbage, but I might have missed it on the menu.  I got a chicken sandwich that was delicious and the potatoes are very yummy as well.  They have a try large whiskey selection and their drink menu tells you what area the Whiskey is from.  The place looks small, but it goes back pretty far.  I definitely recommend getting some food and drinks here for lunch.
The food was pretty good, decent pub stuff.   But I could have done without the fake Irish accent from the server.
Totally in the mood for fish and chips. So where else should I go while staying at Mandalay. So I ordered the fish and chips and a Guinness and its MEH not extraordinary just a basic gut fill of soggy fries and ok fish that was huge like whale size.   Service was good but they were really pinchy on the tarter sauce and when I asked for more it literally took 15 min to arrive. All in all I won't be going back. And please place a shamrock on the pour or don't call yourself traditional Irish.
A friend and I recently ended up here before going to the Katy Perry concert at Mandalay Bay.  We had initially planned on dinner at Burger Bar, but that was a bust when we found out there was a one hour wait and tummy's were a rumbling!  Enter R R.  I wasn't sure what to expect...but to be honest, at the time, I didn't care as I was starving.  Because there was also a wait at the pub, we ended up sitting at the bar.  Go figure.  Oh my, was I pleasantly surprised!  I had the Irish Potato Cakes (ok, I'm an appetizer kind of gal), and they were soooooooo good.  I love potatoes (hence, my obsession with french fries), and the cakes were soft, but not mushy, and had just the right amount of saltiness with the balsamic glaze.  I also had the chips and malt vinegar mayo (yeah, ok, there was a bit of potato overload).  The mayo was de-li-cious!  A nice contrast with the chips and change of pace from ketchup.  I was so stuffed I decided not to have an entree.  The drinks department also did not disappoint.  My friend had some beers and I had a couple of Dark and Stormy's, which I'm not used to seeing on menus that often.  The drinks were good, not too strong.  Best of all, our bartender/server was Irish and fun to chat with.    I agree that the pub is noisy, but in a good way.  This is not somewhere you'd go to catch up with a long lost friend; it's somewhere you'd go to have fun with a smaller group of fun people.    But the best part was that as a local, I got to sign up for a "Green Card." The Green Card equates to a 20% discount off food/drinks for locals.  Yay for discounts and yay for locals!
I wish I checked Yelp before eating here! The food was okay, and the customer service was good but how do they get away with charging a entertainment tax???!! Not only do they charge you for sales tax, they add a entertainment tax when I didn't see any entertainment going on. Was watching all the drunk people at the bar supposed to be a show? Other than the tax thing the food is okay for what you would expect at am Irish bar.
The fish and chips are amazing! We went back a second time for more before we left Vegas. Not overpriced like everything else at the Luxor. Fish and chips (regular size) was massive and cost $14. Highly recommend.
great craic!!!!
I have rarely met an Irish Pub (in Ireland or elsewhere) that I did not like and believe me, I tried to like this Ri Ra location, as I love the Charlotte, NC and Arlington, VA versions. Sadly, it failed on several counts and was- at least the time I visited - another example of some places on the Strip that send out the vibe, "We cater to tourists and don't necessarily expect to see you again, awesome experience or not."  I was there with a party of three and two of us had been to other Ri Ra pubs. So we were very much looking forward to a high level of service, Irish authenticity and awesome food. We got the authenticity (Irish accents, Gaelic menu items and Guinness served at just the right temperature) but the other two aspects were lacking.   To service: We waited for 15-20 minutes (in a 1/2-full restaurant on a Sunday afternoon, so not really busy) to get our order taken and then some 15 minutes thereafter were told that one of our entrees was out and we'd need to choose another. So 40 minutes in, we received the food (in fairness and to the server's credit we were not charged for the replacement entree.) But until the food came, other wait staff and our own waiter rushed past, ignoring eye contact and giving us the feeling that they'd get to us eventually.  To food: The quality was not up to the standards of other Ri Ra locations- in terms of presentation and also in ingredients- and the portion size was also smaller than what I knew from other locations. Also, because of the wait for the one entree, the other two were served lukewarm, i.e. it was clear they'd been prepared and sat while the other entree was cooked later.   There are plenty of good Ri Ra's across this great land and several good Irish Pubs on the Strip, but for now, the Ri Ra in Vegas isn't on our list for a return visit for a while.
I had a chance to hang out here for a bit while my wife and kids did some shopping.  I enjoyed a nice Guinness and a pot pie.  Nice staff and fun ambiance.
Nice place for Vegas. Relaxed, good food, decent service, excellent pub beverages including pear and apple cider (YAY!), and a 40% discount for locals who EACH show their ID. Is it like an Irish pub? Nope. Is it like an Americanized/Vegaszised Irish pup? Yep. Nothing wrong with that!  I had the beef stew and polished it off w/o help. My man had the sausage rolls appatizer and they were great as a meal if you want something a bit smaller than huge. Started with the chips and they were pretty authentic. Nice touch the mayo that includes the vinegar and salt already. Fish and chips looked great, but even the small portion scared me on size. All in all a great meal for a decent price. BTW valet your car at the Mandalay Bay shops and then just walk up the escalator and to the left. You'll be right there.
Got hungry after watching Lion King and decided to try Ri-Ra after disappointing visit at the other Irish Pub in NY.NY. Our Server's name was Tim. Very funny and straight forward fellow. He was wonderful so 5 stars for service. Even left great comment for our guy on the comment card.  Ambience: 5 star with great Irish band, victorian interiors, beautiful and cozy.  Food:5 Star for quality, portion and temperature.  I ordered the Classic corned beef and cabbage and my husband ordered their roast beef special. Also got sweet potato fries and caesar salad for side. REALLY DELICIOUS =D   Drinks: We got our usual and then a couple of different beer our server recommended. They were GREAT!  I think it was wonderful overall and we had a really good time. It seems like some folks didn't enjoy it as much with junk services. We were lucky to have great service.
After 11 hours walking and wandering, my feet had enough. I had another 45 minutes before meeting my friends and I couldn't walk another step. Lo and behold, a light shone down before me and an Irish Pub appeared. I decided to go in and rest my feet and give my thanks.   I'm a sucker for an Irish pub and It was really cute. Nice and dark, victorian/shop style pub. Dark, rich paneled walls and bar with beveled glass and lots of shop trinkets scattered everywhere like boxes of old sugar, or tins of tea, etc. Super cozy. I debated on ordering an appetizer, but I didn't want to ruin my appetite if I ate with my friends. I opted for a a vodka cocktail and a bag of the cute imported Chipsticks malt vinegar potato snacks they offered.   The bartender had an Irish accent and an Irish band played in the back of the bar. Perfect way for me to rest me feet and revive before I met up with friends!  A great place to stop if you happen to be wandering the Mandalay Bay or Luxor.
(smile) Where is a place lik this in Phoenix ? Come on @YelpPhx! Ok, I will calm down, we still have some quotable and quality Irish pubs. Yet, when you are in Vegas everything just taste better. Of this I am sure.  So please understand how just amazing this place was...take a seat.  Went here for lunch, came back from dinner the same day, then dined the next day for breakfast! Yes, sadly but with pleasure dined for breakfast,lunch and dinner. We even tried a fourth time but the line was unbearable   I don't remember what I had, cuz most of the time I was drinking lik a cliche Irishman. I do remember that two of the three times we ate there was an Irish accent asking me if I wanted another pint. "yes."  Silly questions.  If i think hard, I can conjure from my memory  my pre-gaming and carbo loading for the Vegas half-marathon with a a Guinness and fish and chips.     I was upset that I got the fish and chips because they were just unbeatable, bar none. I know that I may never have such an euphoric and exceptional moment of tasting drunk food again... it elicits nightmares. I am getting help.  NOte: If there is ever a large event happening, the wait will be at least an hour. Be warned. I told you so!  R\_
Ri Ra was a very surprising find on the Strip. The place has the feel of an authentic Irish Pub. They had a great selection of Irish drinks and meals. I had the Bangers and Mash. It was delicious.
I'll start by saying  I am not a fan of chains and also most Irish pub restaurants disappoint me. We'll Thank you Ri Ra for beating my expectations. Finally a Irish Pub understands that Sheppard pie is made with lamb!! I can't tell you how many restaurants I have been to where beef is served in their pies. That's cottage pie folks! Also great to see the old school prawn cocktail and the Chips and malt mayo was tasty. Guinness wings was very tasty. Enjoyed the salad with smoked salmon and Rasher. Guest had the Irish stew and was very tasty as well. The biggest plus of this place is the beer menu, I now have a favorite beer, It's the Innis & Gunn oak aged barrel beer. This was absolutely delicious! Ambiance was old school Ireland and I felt like I was there. Maith th Ri Ra!
I was in Vegas solo for a conference for a few days and staying at the Mandalay Bay I saw from the tram an Irish pub so I decided to check it out for dinner.  Immediately after entering I felt completely at home and absolutely loved the vibe from the place.   I don't drink but after having the shepherds pie with Guinness and the Guinness chocolate brownie dessert I'm strongly reconsidering my position.  So so very good. But even better was the service. I had no fewer than 4 different bartenders up front stop by and chat with me. Incredibly enough they all were native Irishmen. All were genuine and went out of their way to provide unbelievable service.  Some of the nicest most hospitable waitstaff I've seen anywhere. If they are anything representative of Irish people than I seriously want to sell all my possessions and move my family there. I want my kids raised around people like that.   The food was great, the service was the best I've received in my life and I completely enjoyed every minute spent in this awesome bar. The food was terrific and while i had better food in Vegas, I had no better experience than I did in Ri Ra. It will be the first place I visit again on my next trip through town.   I cannot recommend it highly enough!!
My boyfriend and I were waiting for the Brad Paisley show to start and this place had the shortest wait.  The burger was outstanding and so were the mashed potatoes with gravy.  I really liked this place and we'll definitely be back next time we're in Vegas.
With another couple, Diane and I ventured out to sample the offerings of Ri Ra for the first time, and departed full and happy, with three large, unfinished hunks of haddock packaged to go.  After pondering whether to be adventurous and try Traditional Bacon & Cabbage, I decided instead to stick with a dish I knew I liked, and thus opted for Emigrant's Corned Beef & Cabbage, preceded by a bowl of Seafood Chowder.  The soup contained good scallops and other morsels of the sea, but I found the broth itself to be fairly bland.  As for my entree, the corned beef covered with Irish Parsley Sauce was of good quality, along with excellent-tasting softened cabbage and nice mashed potatoes.  I didn't enjoy it quite as much as my all-time favorite Corned Beef & Cabbage served at Three Angry Wives, but it was a close second.  The fish in Diane's Fish & Chips consisted of a huge single battered specimen the ends of which almost lapped over both sides of the plate on which it was delivered.  Its flesh was moist and good, with no undesired fishy flavor.  The chips, too, tasted good but were non-crisp fries.    Complimentary soda bread was good for what it was when slathered in butter.  And, although Irish Potato Cakes were very salty, they tasted almost like Crab Cakes, and I would order them again.  For dessert I had a Blueberry Whiskey Crumble a la mode.  I liked it but it surprised me, for I thought it would be a cobbler.  Not so!  There was no discernible dough amid the warm and saucy blueberries.  But this was still a tasty dish, and I learned that a cobbler and a crumble are not in the least synonymous.  All was washed down with refreshing Sweet Iced Tea.   Service by Vanessa, who hails from Ireland, and, alas, will soon be returning there, was impeccable, and a friendly manager visited us once at our comfortable booth in the cavernous dining room to see whether we were pleased with our meals, which all of us were.  By the time we left, the place was completely packed with happy pub crawlers, and live Irish music was just beginning to be played as the football playoff games on the several large flat-screen TVs were winding down.  The large dining room in the back is a welcome bastion of serenity for those like me who are long past the age of active imbibing and carousing, and would rather savor a fine meal than chat with friendly strangers and toss a few.  But, as we worked our way through the crowded front of the house, it was clear that the young twenty-something revelers who were seated on stools or standing were enjoying their lagers and stouts.  I will definitely be back!
Stopped by on a busy Friday night. Opted to sit at the bar so we could eat immediately. The bar had full menu service and we were helped quickly. There were lots of fun beers on draught - I had a pint of Harp and my husband had a pint of Newcastle Brown. The restaurant has a fun, realistic pub feel - soccer game on the big screen and everything.   Dinner was fabulous - came quickly - and had great portion sizes. I had the Irish Cheddar Mac 'n Cheese and my husband had the Beef & Guinness Stew. Both were great, but we both definitely recommend the Beef & Guinness. Perfect creaminess and a perfect sized dollop of mashed potatoes in the center.   Overall, we had a great time. It was the perfect way to start off the weekend! We recommend to anybody who wants to eat something different and fun.
Found a stew worth driving for. Guinness and beef stew are simply awesome.
The atmosphere here is what you come for. The food is not bad, especially the breakfast, which is difficult to find in Vegas without stooping to a buffet, but it's nothing special.  Perhaps it's just new restaurant blues, but we went here twice on a recent trip, and both times the kitchen was painfully slow to the point of really trying our patience.   The beers are cold, and they show proper football in the mornings, so it's not all bad though.
Came with some friends, had wonderful food but do I really have to wait an hour and a half for it? The general manager came out and apologized but still... It was also really hot for about 45 minutes until they turned the AC on. Fish and Chips was really good. Chicken wings were awesome, VERY spicy and I only got the hot. Good selection of beer but why just list the names? I was imagining in a place like this they would describe the beers, if only in a few adjectives or something like yard house or public house. Plus, if you aren't going to describe the beers in the menu, then I guess it falls on the waiter to offer suggestions. I kept trying to (strongly) hint to him that I wanted a sales pitch or some suggestions but he just kept looking away and seemed really rushed or disinterested or both.   I'll come back and give this spot another chance, if only because I love Mandalay so much AND if you are a local on Friday nights you get 40% off entrees.
Friendly and cordial staff.   The place was quiet at lunch, but it was a nice, clean place to take a break from a trade show. There was a nice variety of tradition Irish fare, most notably, beer and whiskey.   The Pub Burger and fries were decent. It was not amazing, but a nice change of pace from eating lunch at the Burger Bar everyday at Mandalay Bay.
OK, we love an Irish pub and this is one of the best!  We are in Vegas once/twice a year and always hoof it over here from the Mirage.  It's located on the second floor shopping/dining area of Mandalay Bay.  We dined here 3 weeks ago for lunch.  Walked in on a Wednesday around 1:30 pm and it was not crowded.  Sat at the bar.  E immediately ordered up a pint of Guinness (the first of many) while I perused the menu.  Decided on the Ri Ra Salad which was a good size salad with yummy bits of bacon.  E had the Guinness BBQ Burger with sweet potato tots.  Nice fat, juicy burger and the tots are delicious.  I finished my lunch with an Irish Coffee.  Service is always first rate and most of the servers have Irish accents - gotta love it!  I would say the food is very good, not excellent, but the ambiance is the best!
Fish and chips are amazing. Pay the extra $5 for the large. The fish and sauce is go so well together. Gave them a 4 because they forgot out apprizters but other then that you cant go wrong.
Made a couple visits to this place on my recent trip. The atmosphere here is great, and the bar staff is very friendly and efficient. My first visit was a dinner time, so I had the fish and chips, which was a single slab of Atlantic haddock on a pile of fries. Tasty. The waitress suggested the rice pudding for dessert and it was terrific. And speaking of simple goodness, they also have a delicious soda bread.   My second visit was following a long session at the poker table. Most everything around the Excalibur/Luxor/Mandalay Bay corridor was closed at 2 am, but this place was my late night rescuer. Still serving beer until 3 am and an adequate bar menu, too, I was able to get a little 1/4 pound Chipper burger and fries. It came with a curry mayo that was super-good.   Live Irish music, good sports on the TVs at the bar, and plenty of friendly folk to strike up a conversation with. Seemed like a top-notch place to me.
I was just in Vegas staying at Mandalay Bay and decided to check out Ri Ra for lunch one day.  I'm sure glad I did.  The atmosphere inside was great with each room looking different and having a different vibe.  Of course the Guinness was great plus I tried Guinness Black lager which I will now be purchasing more often.  I had their Rueben for lunch which was really good and came back the next day for their wings with Guinness BBQ sauce which were outstanding.  It's ashame they don't sell that sauce.  Needless to say, next year while in Vegas, I will be visiting Ri Ra a few more times.
Best Irish pub in Vegas!! Fish n chips are quite tasty! Good for entertainment.
Here for a convention in January. I love authentic Irish fare and Ri Ra was no disappointment! 1 stop turned into 4 over the week. great selection of beer on tap, live music and great servers, several of which where here from Ireland.  Try the fish & chips. One of my favorites yet very hard to find a restaurant that does it right. Ri Ra has a special breading that was new to me. This was maybe the best I ever had. I had this meal twice.   We also stopped in late night for a nightcap and some wings. Again excellent and service was great even at a very late hour.  This is a must stop and well worth the cab fare if you are not staying at Mandalay Bay. Really, if you clicked on this yelp review you are looking for an Irish pub. Go here! order a black&tan and Fish and chips.
In the land of The Strip, authenticity is about as outlandish an expectation as winning a bajillion dollars at the roulette table. This is the main tourist drag in Las Vegas. Just about everything is over the top, overpriced, and nothing like its humble ancestors. Take the major bill magician shows. Back in the old days, instead of paying a few hundred bucks to watch a dude disappear a scantily-clad lady, we just stoned the magicians to death! Free of charge! Presto!  So I didn't anticipate finding a genuine pub in the midst of all the neon fakery. But I found one in R R, which is located in the least likely of places - the middle of a shopping mall at the Mandalay Bay resort. Believe it or not, R R isn't just an approximation of what an Irish pub might resemble. It serves lots of beer and whiskey as well as very tasty pub food - albeit, at Vegas prices - and many of the servers have lovely Irish accents. The staff was far and away the most attentive I encountered in my recent work trip to Vegas, possibly the nicest I remember based on a handful of trips to the city. And they didn't need a leprechaun who picked fights with fellows of English descent to keep me charmed, though I hear that's Criss Angel's new act.  Really, all I need for a solo meal in a pub is a cold pint, a plate of something delicious, and some decent reading material. One of the servers even asked me what I was studying so closely on my phone, and we chatted about figure skating. Charming, I tell you! It helped that the mac and cheese had just the perfect bread crumbs-to-cheese-to-noodles ratio. It was so good I ordered it on multiple visits. I know it's no shepherd's pie or fish and chips. I also know what I like, so screw you and the horse you rode in on and trust me just eat it. Even if UK pub food is not your jam, if you want a time-out from the surrealism of The Strip without renting a vehicle, you'll want to pass an hour or two here.
The wait for this place was over 30 minutes we were told by the host.   The guy at the front said he'd yell our name when our table was ready.   There was no one else outside waiting though so we thought he was being a jerk.   We walked down the mall area for a few minutes looking at stores but then went to wait in front of the place again for fear we would miss our calling.   After a wait of over 45 minutes we were about to leave and go eat somewhere else but the guy pointed at us and let us know our table was ready.      We sat down and we had a pretty nice waitress who was on the ball and checked in with us often.    I ordered a Stella Artois beer and my husband Iced tea.    They were brought out quickly.    For dinner I ordered the Reuben and my husband the shepherds pie.   My one complaint is that they charge extra for sides which don't really amount to anything when they bring them out to you.  I ordered a ceasar side salad to go with my sandwich and it was basically a few small pieces of lettuce with 2 croutons on top.   The Reuben was pretty good.   Waitress made small talk as we were paying the bill which was nice however once I put my card in and she brought it back I set my beer down for a second to sign my name and she snatched my beer and all the other glasses and took them to the kitchen.   I still had about 3 drinks left in my glass so that irritated me since I'd spent good money to purchase a beer.   I took a dollar tip away for that .   Other than that a reasonable place to eat at in Mandalay Bay.  Just don't go during the Irish music segment if you aren't interested in hearing it because I read on the menu they charge a 20 percent surcharge of your total bill to hear the band play.   Glad we got out a few minutes before they started playing or it would have been an $8 dollar charge extra on top of all the other taxes and tips.
We ordered the mussels, PUB WINGS (Jameson honey glaze $9), STEAK + CHIPS  (a 12oz NY Strip, roasted mushrooms & onions, hand cut chips, Gaelic steak sauce $25.95) and MUSHROOM RISOTTO ( with leeks, asparagus $15.95)  The mussels were "okay", nothing amazing.  The wings had almost no flavor at all except for a hint of sweetness.  The NY strip was cooked correctly, but had a ton of grizzle.  The chips (fries) with the NY strip were cold and greasy.  They brought a new order of fries that were hot, but the grease was overwhelming.  The mushroom risotto was sticky and starchy with little flavor.  Overall, one of the worse restaurants I've been to, regardless of the location.
Terrible food and way to loud for the size of the bar with the band. Plus a couple of us got sick immediately after. I would not recommend this.  What did we get?   Myself - Irish bangers with Mash and Peas. Sausages I think were precooked. Something slightly off. Mash seemed powdered but the peas were good. I got cramps after though so I know the food was off because we were totally fine before dinner.  Wife - Soup (was green, split pea? I dont recall) - got cramps and worse immediately after dinner that resulted in her running back to the room. Very bad.  Friends wife - she ordered risotto and it came gummy and funky. Definately not cooked to order. Sent back to kitchen. She shared her husbands fish which I guess was ok.  Friend - Fish and chips. Seems like the only one to get a relatively safe meal. I guess the deep fryer kills the salmonella or whatever was getting us all sick.  Over all for being in the Mandalay, this place is in serious need of a food inspection. That we got sick eating here is BAD.   Not recommended ever. Maybe beers. Service was ok, but way too damn loud for a small irish band (coming from a guy who plays in bands no less) in a small space. it was uncomfortable and just kinda lame.
I was here on opening day and have been a loyal ever since.  The Guinness is awesome, poured correctly (very HARD to find in Vegas).  It's the only place in LV that actually is an Irish bar and servers Irish food like Irish Breakfast. The food is always great.  The Whiskey menu is amazing.  Bartendars are friendly.  To respond to an earlier remark...These are not fake Irish accents.  They do move here to do this and they are from Ireland.  If you've ever visited Boston you know they do the same thing in their pubs, too!  Friday locals get 40% food!  You can't beat it!  Not Happy Hour specials so if you see a coupon, use it!
My opinion, one of the greatest places in LV. Small but very accommodating. I came in with my bf around 12am after walking back and forth from Luxor to Mandalay to find a cool place that's not too expensive for a little late night rondevu before bed. So in we go, it's dark as hell in there, live band with surround sound thumping super loud. At first it was too loud until you sit down and realize the people around having drinks are even louder - which was fine because everyone was having a good ol' time and I'm all for that.  The bf and I sat down at the bar and we were greeted immediately by a cute Irish speaking guy; strong accent but very cool like the one youd hear in a movie. So we get to looking at the menu and then we ordered the mild buffalo style wings (multiple flavors you can choose from ie Guinness style etc) which were priced at $8.95 and the guiness beef stew $15.95.   While waiting for our food, couple guys were standing behind us (we were sitting at the bar). The guy says to the gal bartender, "hey I'm here with a friend and hes a beer drinker, me not so much kind of talk so what can you get me that's not so bitter, I like more sweet." So she goes and grabs two cups and filled them up with new castle and guiness which I thought was cool cause who gives trials of beer? The guy who was ordering thought it was awesome too. Mind you when I came in, I was extremely tired from a trade show I'd attended earlier in the day so I was in no mood but after seeing all that, I was pretty much in the mood now. Shortly thereafter, our wings came in and I was thinking DAMN! I was expecting 5-6 wings, hey we're in Vegas and at the price marked I was surprised, probably 15 wings total. We get to biting and immediately I was like this is mild? it's so good but it's pretty damn spicy - more like atomic wings from wing stop, no complaints it's just a bit spicy I couldn't even finish one. The bf and I ate all the celery to calm the heat but nothing could tame it. Our bartender asked if everything was ok, we told him yeah except we were not expecting the wings to be soo spicy, so he laughs cause the bf's sweating his forehead off haha and he hands over more napkins. He's like yeah man (with his accent) we can change it up for you if you want, bf says no it's good man (dont want to cause too much trouble). We refused anway after a few more attempts - so a waiter comes out and gives us two large cups of milk and some fresh made vanilla ice cream - yum! Then the manager comes up, laughs and says hey were sorry, I heard from my kitchen and the bartender that our mild wings are a bit much, she also recommended we change the wings too but we tell her no. When our tab finally came out, they charged us only the beer. This was totally unexpected because we weren't complaining they were just that cool about everything. The entire crew here has awesome hospitality and their service is on point!  I gave the guys a $15 dollar tip for a 7 dollar guiness beer :) they deserved it. You guys are awesome!!!!
One of the things about staying in Mandalay Bay is that you're kind of isolated from the rest of the strip, so if you want to get something moderate to eat and don't want to go to the cafe, you're kind of limited.  So it's brilliant that they opened all these restaurants between the walkway to their sister resort Luxor.  Among these places is a gem of an Irish Pub, Ri Ra.   We wanted to get a decent bite for dinner and have a beer, so this matched our criteria perfectly.  We were late for happy hour and we sat in the area behind he main bar which suited us fine because there was a party going on in the main area and it was loud.  They have an excellent selection of beer and Irish drafts, which was great. Our server had a thick Irish accent and he recommended potato cakes and chicken wings for appetizers, though said everything was good.  We got the potato cakes and they were great.  I ordered the Shepherd's pie, which was delicious, and my buddy got the Irish beef stew.  He liked it, but said he should have ordered the Shepherd's pie after tasting mine.  One thing though, is that it's made with ground beef and not with lamb, because I always thought that authentic Shepherd's pie was made with lamb and not beef?  I may be wrong though but it was still delicious.  We didn't have any dessert.  I'd go back and may even order the same thing.
I'm one of those odd ducks that gets excited over the promise of Irish food, but I love me some corned beef and cabbage and when this became a suggestion, I was stoked. It's definitely a pub and not a quiet one. There was live music in one room and in another, for reasons I'm unclear on, a magician. Entertaining any way that you look at it.  We had some great salmon and some Irish eggroll looking thing for appetizers and then the food came. My corned beef was wonderfully flavorful and the Shepherds pie looked good, but the gold medal goes to the fish and chips. Oh my, it was massive. Super gigantic, great flavoring. Nom nom nom. Highly recommend this place if you're starting to get sick of steak dinners and want something a little different.
Hostess was rude and not helpful.....I'm guessing she was an 18 yr girl who has never worked in the service industry....bartender was awesome!! Don't remember his name....shorter skinny guy....very personable and super attentive!  I ordered the halibut late at night after flying all day! It was great, but too much pepper....drinks were generous, atmosphere was fantastic....music was upbeat and a good mix of ages!!! Am  going back even if the little hostess sucks!!!
I had the reuben sandwich.  It was terrible.  Incredibly dry.  I could not chew it enough times.  After gnawing my way through half the sandwich, I gave up.  Not only was it drier than the Nevada desert, I thought it tasted a bit weird.  I smelled the 1000 Island dressing on the other half of the sandwich and it smelled as if it were beginning to turn.  I had the sweet potato tots as a side.  They were soggy and tasted of bad fryer oil.   My friend had a cup of soup that tasted like nothing but salt.  Disgusting.    This place was terrible.  The bartender was friendly enough, but how he can sling this garbage food with confidence, telling you it's delicious, I have no idea!  The only thing that was palatable was the Jameson-neat!
Definitely one of the more hidden gems on the Las Vegas Strip. Located between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor hotel this place offers a great atmosphere (mature crowd, live bands), with excellent food.   From my experience overseas, I find there are two types of Irish bars. There are the "meat market" pick up joints that are extremely loud, packed and filthy. Then there are the clean, lively and cozy places like Ri Ra.   Our group was in Ri Ra on a daily basis for either breakfast or pre-drinks and I would strongly recommend it to others who are fans of the Irish Pub Experience.
Came here with a few friends on a Friday night. We were able to snag a table pretty fast. There was an awesome irish band rocking out. My only problem with the place was its very loud in there so it was hard to carry on a conversation. But we were all good. Enjoying the music. I had to order a dirty martini which they made very well. Service was on point & I would totally come back again.
We were in Las Vegas last week and on our last night decided to try this Irish Pub at Mandalay Bay. In an area of overpriced restaurants this is a great find. Good service from an Irish waiter who had just moved to Vegas as well as a fantastic risotto which my wife enjoyed and a perfectly cooked prime rib. The only complaint I could think of is that the serving of the prime rib was way too big for me. A couple of pints of an Irish ale as well as the live music complimented the meal quite well. This will be a do over on our next trip to Vegas.
If u r looking for some dependable fish & chips or wings, at a non-vegas (i.e. decent) price. This is the place. Reminds me of the Irish lion from Bloomington IN.
Cheers for beers!  I love myself a glass of dark, smooth beer.  Actually I didnt try anything new from what I already know, but I was really happy that they serve Boddingtons!  What a great way to relax from all the shopping and walking and gambling :)    Fish and chips are the most popular dish here, and I have to admit, it was pretty damn good.  But like our waitress said, its not good for bikini season! thats why my bf ordered it :) I had a bite of the fish, I looove the batter. It was delicious.    Loved it, I may possibly be back again :)
We were on the very late side of dinner but wanted to hit up Mandalay Bay (lucky gambling spot, only lost $3 there!), and when we arrived pretty much only had the Mandalay Place connector mall area to go to, which had burgers, pizza, Mexican, and Ri Ra. We were least familiar with Irish pub food, but I'm so glad we went for it here rather than settle for the blander menus at the other places. Everyone was friendly (drunk) and it made me long to visit my motherland someday - I envision Ireland as green and beer.   We had the beef + Guinness stew and Shepherd's Pie, which really hit the spot along with their soda bread. I should have had a Guinness with it but wasn't in the mood for beer, so I went with a cocktail. Mistake! When in pubs, order beer.
I had some kind of grilled chicken sandwich with arugula on fococcia bread. It seemed bland. If I went back, I'd try a burger or rueben. Atmosphere and service were good, though.
Came here for lunch on a Sunday with 10 other rowdy bros of mine. It's a tad small but it is quite accomodating and has a very quaint and charming Irish pub feel to it. What makes it even better is that as we walked in, we walked past a table of 5 Irish guys ranting and drinking beers. The presence of real Irish people? Ooooh this place has gotta be legit!  Ordered the bistro chicken sandwich - made with sun-dried potato pesto, mayo, garden rocket, piquant peppers, smoked provolone, all served on grilled focaccia. MMM soo good! And the portions were surprisingly large for a dish that demanded $11.95, especially in Las Vegas!  I also ordred a side of sweet potato tots but those ended up being less than mediocre. Surprisingly moist and soggy rather than crisp. So I would skip that and go with the mashed potatoes or simply chipper chips (fries).   The dish also came with a side of a sauce called malted vinegar mayo which tastes exactly how it sounds. I was never a fan of malted vinegar but some of my buddies enjoyed pouring it all over their sandwiches. It's certainly interesting, not for me, not for everyone, but it's definitely got its niche! =)  So yeah, if you're ever in the vicinity of Mandalay Bay and you're looking for something relatively cheap that's not fast food, I'd definitely give Ri Ra a recommendation as it will probably give you the most bang for your buck! Also, the food is pretty bomb too!
I can say that I have not had the food at this place except for some fries, but other than that this place is an A+ to me. Great beer and great music. I will definitely be back the next time I go to Vegas.
This review is for the late night menu.  I am thankful that this place was open so late given that their location turns into no-mans-land late night.  The thanks end there. The place was dark and not well-kept, the staff weren't the friendliest and they produced what may have been the worst food I have ever eaten that wasn't served in a box with a yellow M logo on it. I have the cheeseburger and the gyro wrap. They were both crap. I know the irish aren't know to be keen on the culinary, but bacon bits on a burger? Seriously?  Blah!
came by for a pint and some EuroCup while waiting for our room. the blokes at the bar were friendly enough. i have to use blokes since this was an irish spot. plus, one of the dudes was irish. or german. i don't remember. he had an accent.  there was a beer special for $5. apparently it's made for women to drink? whatever. it tasted good. my buddy ordered some curry fries. not bad. nothing to write home about.   the spot looks geniunely like a pub. wood floors and paneling. you can get lost not realizing you're in Vegas in between Luxor and Mandalay Bay.
I love fine dining in Vegas, but sometimes, you need a place where you can kick back and enjoy delicious, casual fare at reasonable prices...Ri Ra is just the place!  The sausage rolls are super-tasty: plump and juicy bangers wrapped in a crisp, puff pastry served with a rich and creamy mustard sauce.  I would also recommend the fish n chips, fresh haddock battered and deep-fried, yet lightly crisp, not at all oily and heavy.  We also really enjoyed the shepherds pie, the ground lamb was very flavorful and was balanced out perfectly with the mashed potatoes on top.  I also got a chance to try Irish shandy, which is a cross between beer and lemonade.  I'm not a big beer drinker in general, but a touch of sweet, citrusy tang was a real refreshing twist!  Service here is fast, friendly, and genuine.  I would love to come back on my next trip!
Fantastic, late-night Irish pub food. Great alternative to Nine Fine Irishmen; Nine Fine can be a bit overdone and definitely touristy (read: not my fav), though their food is all right.  Ri Ra features an extensive menu of Irish and some American favorites. I wanted to order about a half-dozen things off the menu. Bangers and mash. Lamb stew. Fish and chips. Went with the fish and chips and shared with the hubby--it was plenty. It's a huge slab of fish covered with light-as-air beer batter. OM NOM NOM.  The soda bread--I know it's supposed to be dense and dry--was just a little too dense and dry, though once slathered in KERRYGOLD (!!!) butter pats and dipped in soup, it's perfection. So, toss-up there. I asked for an extra serving of it, so there you go.  The most memorable thing was actually my dad's lamb stew, and also their potato leek soup, of all things. The former was rich, flavorful, authentic, and lick-the-bowl good, and the latter was silky, smooth, and had ideal flavor. Win.  Drawback was trying to find gluten-free food for my mom, who has celiac disease (read: gluten ALLERGY, not diet). They were willing and able, however, to prepare her a steak in a clean pan so she wouldn't get sick, so kudos for that. It's also mega-noisy. But hey, it's a pub. Go and enjoy. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
I visited las Vegas for the first time and after 50 years of growing up in Irish Cathpolic New England family had the best Irish food of my life. But, moreso the service was exceptional and the most friendly of anywhere we went in the city. We were so disappointed other places we came back for a second dinner here. It made me proud of my heritage. The staff was as nice as any restaraunt I have ever been. The corned beef and cabbage and the fish and chips were spectacular! After, debacles at two other restaraunts due to poor service or lackluster food at high prices we found this place and would love to go to any of the ones located on the east coast especially the ones in Maine and New Hampshire. Thanks, for being a really bright light for us in a city of supposed bright lights. John E. Wood P.S. I read one of the other reviews and it referred to a gyro. I do not believe they serve them at the Ri Ra but, if they did why would ordera gyro at an Irish Pub. Also, I thought the Nine Fine Irishmen place at New York, New York was horrible so I am not just looking to promote Irish places!
Nice lil Irish pub inside located inside the mall area between the Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  They had soccer games going on inside the big screen TVs while we were there giving a more authentic feel to the place.  Full bar, decent sized restaurant overall and good service.  Tried out the fish and chips and it was pretty darn good.  Drinks are made with the right amount of liquor in them.  My second trip here the next day I tried the Irish Breakfast (served all day) with eggs and Irish sausages.  That was a good meal right there folks.  Would definitely go back.
This is a fantastic Irish pub. The decor is absolutely spot-on (I grew up in Dublin's fair city so I know what I'm talking about here!) and the atmosphere is amazingly genuine. The bartenders are very friendly and skilled and can pull a first-class pint of Guinness. The food is tasty, well-prepared and a good value for the price point. The Irish breakfast in particular is a brilliant way to start the day after a heavy night out! The bronze statue of St Patrick is a funny and cool touch also. Anytime I'm in the vicinity, Ri Ra is a must-visit. If you are looking for a little piece of Ireland in the heart of Las Vegas, then it doesn't get any better than this. Highly recommended!
I actually made it out of The Tropicana by 8am for my morning walk this past Sunday. Impressed? You should be, as it was a tough go the 1st 100 yards or so, and it was already in the mid 90's. After a mile or 2 I doubled back to Mandalay Bay in search of a Bloody Mary. Whaaaat? Its Vegas damn it. Walked around the casino to discover the bars were not yet open at nearly 9am. Hey! I thought this was Vegas not Des Moines.  I decided to take the air conditioned route through the mall thing that stretches through a couple of hotels and drops one directly across from "The Trop." Panic started to creep in as I passed a few more shuttered restaurants. Wait, someone up ahead opening their doors for business. Is it a clothing store or..?? OMG, its an Irish Pub. I thought the heat was affecting me and I was dreaming a desperate dream.  Sure enough, 9am sharp and these Angels of Mercy were beckoning me towards the flashy bar. Some slick looking kat with (presumably) an Irish accent welcomed me like a long lost mate. Feeling better already.  My new mate Tom made me a killer Stoli Mary, and soon some fellow dehydrated patrons showed up and it turned into your typical neighborhood Irish bar kinda place. Yeah, right here in Fauxville Vegas. Especially unexpected in this mall tunnel thingy.   My intention was a one n done, but my other new mates seated next to me ordered some delicious looking breakfasts, and I was soon requesting that menu that I previously returned to Tom. He recommended the Irish Eggs Benedict, which listed Rashers as an ingredient, and he informed it was the Irish version of Canadian bacon. I just looked it up and found this definition: "Rashers (n): pieces of bacon; female genitalia."  Ahem, think I will move on without further comment.   I also looked up Ri-Ra (n): Irish expression for fun and excitement.  Great breakfast, great service, great vibe. If ever on this boring end of the strip, this is a must do.
I walked by Ri Ra a few times and didn't think much of it on the outside, thinking it was just another loud bar. However, after checking reviews online, I knew it was worth a shot. It doesn't hurt that it was constructed from a pub in Ireland and then shipped here, which makes it even more intriguing to visit. The yummy food, good service and laid back atmosphere are some of the reasons why I'd absolutely come back again. I felt like I had to downgrade my rating one star for the overpriced wine we had (even by Las Vegas standards).
I've been here a few times and enjoy it.  It's deceptive in its size from the out side, it goes very far back.  Staff is all friendly, quick service, huge portions on the food, good drinks.  If you want that irish pub experience to get away from the food courts and burger places,
I came here for dinner in December 2011.  I ordered the Shepard's pie and a sidecar.  The shephard's pie is good and worth ordering.  The bartender did not know how to make a sidecar so my order was his first time.  The drink was on the weak side and was missing the sugar rim, but I won't count it against them.  I noticed that customers in the restaurant were about 80% women.  I don't know if there was a special event going on or if this place is a favorite hangout with women.  The restaurant was almost full but we found a table in the back corner.    There's a Guiness store next door.  The waiter said it's the only Guiness store outside of Ireland.  Don't know if it's true or not but there's a lot of good gift ideas in the store.  I would like to return again next time I'm in Vegas.
This is probably my new fav spot in Vegas!  We were tired of buffets and just wanted good food. We thought this place was worth a try. When we got there the hostess was so friendly with a beautiful Irish accent. She swiped my 2 month old out of my arms and started showing her off... In that moment I knew we were in an authentic Irish pub. While it is not geared towards families, my family was welcomed with open arms. The food was fantastic and the serving staff embraced the children with us. The band was fantastic and even played Black Velvet Band for my husband, who requested it for his Birthday, I truly felt like I was in a pub in England or Ireland (yes, I've been to many). It was surreal to walk out of the pub and back in to Vegas... I was half expecting to step out onto a street in Ireland.  BTW the Lamb and Rosemary burger was to die for and the Guinness was poured perfectly.
I had a great first time experience at the Ri Ra on a recent Saturday night while in town. This Irish themed establishment is located in Mandalay Place which is a commercial walkway that connects the Mandalay Bay and Luxor hotels. I was reluctantly dragged here by a good friend who relishes all things Irish and made this excellent called shot. The gastropub and traditional beer offerings we sampled were excellent but the highlight of the evening was the international crowd and musical entertainment. The two musicians performed a mixed set of Irish tunes and pop classics that totally engaged and involved the audience. Think drunk English male patron on stage belting out obscure tunes, twenty something females acting as go-go dancers, swaying dance partners and numerous sing-a-longs. Great fun to say the least.
The place and service is good. The John Henry sippin Ale was really nice; but not for the weak......... Enjoy. My veg sandwich was nice too....
We absolutely loved this place! Service was outstanding, the food was yummy and the atmosphere took me back to my trip to Ireland. Will definitely be back to visit. :)
What a gem amongst all the touristy spots along the strip with super long waits. I came here based on recommendations of my fellow Yelpers and they did not disappoint!  Best part - not having to wait in a line to get seated  The food Fish and chips - omg..the piece of fish they give you is GIGANTIC! I didn't eat this so can't vouch for the tastiness of it.  I ordered the curry with chicken, which tasted exactly like watered down Japanese curry you make at home. I thoroughly enjoyed this dish, but it felt more Japanese than Irish to me...oh well  Totally swing by this place if you want a tasty bite without the touristy wait. Prices weren't too bad
Last night was my third trip there in maybe 2 months. I'm local, so I don't always JUMP at the idea of eating on the Strip, but this place is worth it. Each time I've gone, the servers we had were all from Ireland.  I love their accents and friendliness. Thus far, we've had the irish sausages wrapped in phyllo dough as an appetizer with a spicy brown mustard - To Die For!   I've had the Focaccia Chicken Sandwich w/ peppers, rocket....Fabulous!  The Kilcooly which is Boar's head turkey, irish cheddar, irish bacon, and a very tasty schmear - Awesome!  Irish Mac and Cheese was the 3rd entree I've tried - my fave!  You can have it plain w/ the bread crumbs toasted on top, or add shrimp or chicken. I had it w/ chicken. It's quite small, but definitely enough for one person.  My friends last night all ordered either the small size fish and chips and the Guiness Beef Stew. There were no leftovers.  :)     The small size fish and chips is about 10-12oz, while the large portion is about 14-18 oz.  The "chips" are hand cut and really good!  I have always loved malt vinegar on my fries growing up, and am happy that others enjoy the flavor as much as I do!
Great getaway to an Irish pub straight off the boat, Joy, Sinead, and Jr. Have made me feel at home, away from home.  A must do, to decompress from the rush that exists here in Vegas!
Really enjoyed this pub,service was very efficient and friendly. Had full Irish breakfast....authentic right down to the kerrygold butter,and bonus.....the coffee was really really good.
The Guinness was flowing.  The band was playing.  The fun was had.  Really cool place.  Made me feel like I was back in Ireland.
The fish and chips as well as the Shepard Pie were excellent.  All the servers are excellent,  with a smattering of Irish accents across several of them.  Great beer selection and a good kids menu.  We were there twice on our recent visit to Vegas,  and joined their rewards program.  We'll be back.  Love the beer sampler.
This a beautiful and interesting pub. The Irish servers are a great touch. The different rooms or bars with a lovely story behind each makes it more attractive. We have our favorite server David . Ask for him and a tour of the place. You will get a lovely story and wonderful service. The full serving of fish and chips came with the fish being a fileted fish longer than the plate. It melted in my mouth. the flavor very good and light. The beef and Guinness stew with Irish soda bread was tender and flavorful. After David serving us, our favorite thing is the St. Patrick holding a staff and a glass of Guinness.  This a lovely place to have a meal and soak in the atmosphere.
Diane and I went back to Ri Ra and I was very impressed with their delicious dinner special of a Rasher Filet served perfectly medium rare as requested, with a few Whiskey Sauce drizzles on top, a surrounding ring of really tasty bacon, and a nicely grilled potato cake underneath.  Better hurry because this special will not last much longer.  The meat was even better dipped in an additional hot Gaelic Sauce that was brought to the table.  Accompanying spears of thin asparagus were good, and a starter of a hot bowl of Curried Carrot Soup with big hunks of potato was very good.  The soda bread & butter was good and authentic Irish fare, but the edges of this dark bread product are rather rough, and I like French and Italian bread so much more.    Diane's large order of Fish & Chips was just that--a very large and delectable fried fish fillet.  I enjoyed one moist bite, she ate half of what was left, and then she took the remaining portion home to savor for lunch the next day.  Of course, I finished all of my food in one sitting!    Service was very good, and I liked hearing all of the Irish accents that resounded throughout the place.  The 20% local discount was the cherry on top for this fine Irish dining experience.  * * * * -1/2 overall on this particular outing!
Stoped here for lunch while passing through Mandalay Bay. The interior is great, lots of booths, dark wood. Service was fast and super friendly. I had the burger made of ground lamb with goat cheese and it was excellent. My husband had the Irish breakfast which was also very good. They have different dipping sauces for fries too. I wish I could package those and take them home. Of course Guiness was on draft. I also had the rattle snake (guiness mixed with cider) very nice. Prices were very reasonable. We had an MGM employee discount of 20%. They also have a locals card that can earn points towards food and drinks.  The best deal is on Fridays they have 40% off food for locals. I just wish I lived closer.
Great beer selection and fantastic food for a reasonable price. Stay away from the in-casino restaurants instead. It can be a long wait sometimes, though, so plan accordingly.
Food was good. Prices weren't bad for being in the mall of the Mandalay Bay. Service was a bit on the slow side, took our server awhile to get us the check when we were done eating. Back room smelled weird, like old eggs.
Buddy and I went here during a conference recently and OMG it was awesome. Sinead our waitress was very cool (just call her "Red"!) and the September special is a steak pie, which I ordered. It was huge and the crust was really pasty and tasty. The bartender took way too long for my beers (it's just beer!) so you don't get 4 stars. Everyone had these awesome Irish accents and Sinead said it was a must, but the black (ever see one in Ireland?) manager did not. Weird. Great location. My buddies' sandwich rocked, too. Try this place, seriously.
One of our best stops while in Vegas was Ri Ra's!   My husband being Scottish, we were looking forward to this authentic Irish pub with some food/drink items we are accustom to.  Tim, our waiter, from London was so much fun and actually spent a lot of time with us while continuing to serve multiple tables.   I had the fish & chips (of course!) and John enjoyed the curry and chips.   While John went for a traditional Kilkenny, I was on course again looking for that perfect appletini.   The Brits & Irish being much more keen on drink perfection, Tim was glad to see to it that I received a proper appletini.  And, it was oh so good!   This place is a must visit if you like the feel and friendliness of a proper pub.   This one was built in Ireland, shipped in pieces to the US and reassembled at it's final location at the Mandalay Bay shops.  Check it out - enjoy the real deal in food, drink and people.  OK...... Tim is from London, married to a Las Vegas gal, but he's still British all the way.   Most staff working at Ri Ra are Irish, British, even Australian, here to serve you on a 12 month visa.  They also have a live band every evening, 7 days a week.  Love you Ri Ra!  We will definitely stop by again next time we are in town.  The Galbraiths
A friend was in town from LA & staying at The Luxor and suggested we meet at Mandalay Place Mall, which is located upstairs in between the Luxor & Mandalay Bay Hotels. The dining options, as per my friend, were Burgers or a an Irish Pub - Ri Ra.  I admit that at the time, BOTH these options sounded very "touristy" being located between two MGM owned Hotels. I immediatly went here to Yelp to get some idea of what was "what" and was amazed to see there was not one bad thing that was said about the place. This had me even more interested and I even learned that the Pub was an Authentic Irish Pub that had been disassembled & shipped to Las Vegas. As you can see, The Yelp site has 122 photos of the Pub including entrees, decor and the likes and this was very helpful in making the choice between Irish Pub & Burgers.  To be honest, Burgers had the back seat from the start and is why I went to Ri Ra's Yelp page first. I can make Burgers at home. So basically with my mind already made up, I went to the Official web page and it was even more helpful and included a full menu. It was then that I had to fight between the choices of ordering the Shepards Pie, a Rueben Sandwich or The Fish-n-Chips....descions, descions.  And so it was agreed upon that we'd meet at 9pm for dinner on a Tuesday. Upon arriving it was a little tricky finding the entrance but I managed to do so by walking towards the huge lit "Mandalay Place Valet" sign and I quickly found the entrance & walked up the stairs vice taking the escalator (Excersice = Do it!!). Ri Ra is just around the corner to the right of the escalators as if you were going to Mandalay Bay. There was a hostess already assisting another party, so thinking that my friend might already be seated I walked in to have a look.   When you walk in past the hostess you enter a small room wt a bar that basically extends the lenght of the Pub and this room opens up into 3 bigger rooms that are dimmly lit and seat diners at tables and booths. In the second Room there was a 2 person acoustic band playing and I made my way past them to the very back and did not see my friend and called her and told her were I was. As I waited at the empty deserted back bar sipping a drink I had brought in with me and watching some soccer match on the flat screen TV, I was eventually approached by a member of the Staff that asked me if I needed anything to which I responded that I was just waiting on someone.   For a Tuesday night the place was half full and lively. I can imagine on the weekends there might be a wait to get a table. As my friend arrived, this was not the case and while at the bar as we discussed where we were going to sit, we were approached by a waiter who told us we could pick wherever we wanted & we quickly took a booth table by the wall that was right in front of us.  Everything, as advertised was GREAT. I ended up deciding on the Fish-n-Chips opting out on the chips & substituting steamed rice which I was very surprised they even had. In hindsight, that was a mistake - not because of any problem with the rice, but the Sweet potato tots would have been a much better option as I found out sampling from my friends friend dish. The piece of fish was very big and very filling. If you like fish, this is an awesome choice and comes perfectly lightly breaded. You cant go wrong ordering this!!  My friend ordered the Buffalo Chicken tenders and they were very good as well and I ended up sampling them as she couldnt finish eating them all. They were perfectly spiced and very plump = not overwhelmingly hot and not over breaded and I wouldnt be surprised if they had been hand cut and battered on site. My friends friend ordered a sandwhich of some kind and it look very good as well and as previously mentioned, she couldnt finish eating her Sweet Potato tots and that was very lucky for me. I almost ordered a side myself but between drinks & turning my piece of fish into finger food, was having a time of it on my own.  Overall, between the Atmosphere, the kindness & greatfullness of the staff & the good food I can see why no one had anything bad to say about Ri Ra. I will definatly be back with some company for a one man attack on the Large Fish-n-Chips with the Sweet potato tots next time. I dont usually hand out 5's BUT Ri Ra's is a 5 for sure if not more!!
We enjoyed the great food and wonderful friendly service, and the prices were real good for vegas. Hubby had the seafood stew kinda thing. I had the killcooly, mother had prime rib and sis had ceasar salad with chicken. Oh the soda bread, wonderful! Definately try this one.
Best Irish pub i have ever been to!!!!! Closest to the real thing I've ever experienced , in my hometown we have Killarneys etc but they're all bro spots and just a gimmick. Happened to just pass by this place a couple years ago and made friends with the bartender Paul, my husband and i had a blast talking to him. The atmosphere is fun and the people that work there are actually Irish, our first visit consisted of drinks only in the front bar. They have a great extensive selection of beers and our most recent visit we got to try a few food items....the fish n chips is great, a huge portion! I got the mac n cheese but put my own spin on it adding bacon & bangers  which was good not the best but good. my husband enjoyed his rueben sandwich and their crab cakes were decent.I just love coming here! always feels like there's so much to look at around the place, the music is awesome, and I cant help but always leave feeling gooooooood from all the drinks and laughs. Great spot to hang with friends and in our case make one.
The best irish bar in Vegas!!! We came here accidentally because of a horrible experience at another bar, and I am so happy we came here. The place was packed, loud, AWESOME. The bartenders were irish (Some of them) , the band was flown in from northern ireland. I was in heaven. Even with the bar being so crowded, all of the bartenders were constantly checking on us. We were only supposed to go in for a couple of drinks and we ended up closing the place down. We had so much fun I never wanted to leave. I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place and will go back as much as I can.
Some of the best food we had in Vegas was here at Ri Ra.  We found their bacon-wrapped filet special, and it was AMAZING.  Best dinner deal on the strip, as far as flavor and value go. If we'd have found it sooner, we'd have been there every night!  Friendly bartenders, good waitstaff, and live music on weekends.  Absolutely a must-do if you're at the Mandalay Bay end of the strip!
I came here JUST for the perfect pint of irish dry stout, Guinness, and that is exactly what I got.  Well worth the $8/glass...a Tulip shaped glass mind you.   The pour and head were to perfection and the guinness itself was CREAMY SMOOTH.  We all know Guinness is blended with Nitrogen when poured...but I wish I had the chance to see their method to the perfect pour because the cascading bubbles along the glass wall were mesmerizing.
This pub is nothing short of amazing!   The full Irish breakfast with an Irish coffee is the ONLY way to start off your day. Follow that off with a pint of Guinness and your off to the races!  After several more pints I ordered the Guinness stew.  All I can say is WOW! Smooth, delicious and full of meat and vegetables.  I followed that up with several more pints of Guinness, so I really don't remember what else I ordered. The staff here is amazing. Very friendly and they really go out if their way to make you feel at home.  If you do stop in, sit at the bar and talk to Cyril. You will NEVER find a more sincere, nicer bartender in your life!
The food as awful and the music is sad....overall this place is a dump.
I remember when they were hiring for this place and I met Cyril. We started talking about our love for Guinness and I told him I never had a proper pull in the U.S. He promised me this place would have the best pint I will ever have in the states, he would even buy me my first round. I came back when it opened and he fulfilled his promise. First round and by far the best pour I have had in America. Now for Guinness lovers that is a very important thing. I met some of the staff and they are awesome.  Since then I drop by whenever I am in town.  Food is excellent and I've tried most things on the menu. The ambiance is like a pub is supposed to be, and clean to boot. Every time I have gone back they have not disappointed, and the boys behind the bar are still awesome. That definitely deserves five stars by far, and I don't take that lightly.
I was unimpressed with their measly house "Ri Ra salmon and spinach salad".  I don't even think it was big enough to be a side salad, let alone an entree. Bleh!
I've been smitten by the Jameson and Ginger Drink!!! Whew!!! Still have the best Fish and Chips!!! Suppose I should venture and try the other Irish Dishes! :-) I'm sure that I will not be disappointed!!!
Awesome place for drinks or dinner.. Irish all  the way. Guinness and every Irish whhisky you could want.. I had fish and chips one night and came back for the shepherds pie the next day.. both were fantastic and I'll even say the best I've ever eaten. Porton size is way too much. .split either one with somebody..  Irish two person band was excellent.. started of the  night all Irish and then  hit some covers too.. Met plenty of nice , friendly folks from all over-- Belfast, Scotland, Ireland, Canada, etc.. the place was packed.. so get there before 9 if you want to sit down while you see the band.. Big screen tvs for games and great decor .  Beats Nine Fine Irishmen by far..    If I lived close.. I would be there everynight.
Aside from my friends choosing the noisiest section of the pub, I loved this place.  Service was great. Beer was delicious. And I even enjoyed the music - albeit a bit loud for my tastes (hard to have a conversation).  I can't remember my beer selection but it came in the biggest beer glass I have ever seen. It was a wheat ale and even though I was a bit intimidated by the amount of beer I received, I drank it all. Yup, it was that good.  Ordered some wings as my late-night dinner - surprisingly delicious. I only say that since this is an Irish pub.   Overall, I really enjoyed Ri Ra and definitely recommend stopping in. Especially if you're a fan of Guinness or just good beer in general.
I really liked this place. Friends were staying at the Luxor so we ended up here 3 nights in a row. To eat and have one or two drinks the three of us never got out of here for less $200. But the food was good, and so was the atmosphere, so we didn't mind. When we went in there our last night I was kinda broke. I read on the menu that Jameson was $6 a shot. I got it because it was so cheap. When we moved to out table and got a server a ordered a few more. When the bill came they charged $10 a shot (plus the live music tax, plus 23% gratuity, plus alcohol tax). It was far more than double what I thought I would be paying. I told the server the menu at the bar said $6 a shot. He said no way. I said I'll go get it and show you. He said he'd go get it. He came back with the menu and said it says $8, but our prices go up all the time so you have to pay $10. Slammed it, and walked off before I could ask to see it. So I did. Then as I was walking out I had to look, because I knew it said $6. Sure enough. I tried to flag our server down, and he literally ran in the back. I asked another server to get him. They came back and said he went home. I asked for a manager, and they said there wasn't one. All the bartender would do was give me another shot after standing there yelling at my cousin and I for 5 mins. Any place that employees people that will straight out lie to customers, bait and switch customers, and yell at customers gets 1 star (even though their chicken sandwich may be the best thing I've ever eaten).
I know I am may be in the minority on this topic but I hate live music at bars and pubs.  It is always far too loud.  It is especially bad when it is a band attempting to be Irish singing songs from all genres.  I would have moved on, but others in the group were starving and could not wait to find a new place.  The bar its self is a decent place.  There are a few different seating areas.  The hostess did do her best to seat us as far away from the music as possible.  The food is ok.  I ordered the chipper chips with cheese and bacon.  They come with a malt vinegar mayo, which is a nice touch.  The chips are large steak fries.  They are covered in a decent amount of cheese and bacon.  The service is ok.  The staff is generally friendly.  I am not sure if they are made to force an Irish accent, but it does not work for some of them.
Amazing atmosphere! The Guinness BBQ wings were the best wings I've ever had. The bartender was very kind, and professional. I will definitely be coming back to this bar the next time I'm in Vegas.
Had our wedding meet and greet there. Service was great. Music was good. Definitely would eat there again.
If you need to a break from the many bars in the Luxor or in the Mandalay Bay, then go to this bar that is located in between.  It's Irish, so they have the standard "Irish" drinks, the "Irish" food and Irish music too. And with the great music, the mood here can be really lively. It's open late night too.
Irish music fail. We were served fried potatoes cooked well before we ordered them. When the manager asked me how things were and I told him about the poor quality of the food he was dismissive of my complaint. I was taken aback by his intimation  that I didn't know what I was talking about, that I was wrong.  He asked me how the problem could be fixed and I said the order should be taken off my bill.  He conceded and agreed to remove the order from my bill, but then proceeded to openly mock me for my complaint! I called him on his mocking tone, and he behaved himself thereafter. No one needs this kind of crap when they are in Las Vegas expecting to have a pleasant evening.
Food was amazingly well done and may just be the best Irish food in town. What really stands out is that it's surprising cheap for being on the strip. The beer selection is very big and very well priced----they even offer beers to go! The late night menu is good for after concerts plus they are usually playing live music themselves! Best joint for casual food and drinks before a concert at Mandalay
This place has awesome food and a great atmosphere!  So many choices on the menu, and each and every one I had was delicious.  I'm an out-of-towner or I'd still be sampling some more :-)  The fish & chips was flaky and tasty, the Dubliner (lamb) was medium rare just like I ordered, juicy and delightful with carmelized onions, rosemary and real Irish cheese, and the champ (Irish mashed potatoes with green onions) was a great side dish to go with it. Can't wait to go back and try the chicken curry, shepherd's pie, smoked salmon appetizer (potato cakes are yummy!) and the beef and Guiness stew. It's the kind of place you wish you had 4 stomachs!!!   The staff was charming and engaging, and it was fun comparing how the Ireland I visited 20 years ago has changed . . . and thankfully some of the ways it hasn't :-)  The pub is divided into unique sections, and you really ought to see them all ~ what a feast for the eyes, all that beautiful wood, the exquisite carved bars, memorobelia true to the time on the walls, and knowing that it all was rescued/reclaimed from Ireland really means a lot to me. For those who want a tad more quiet (but who wants quiet when the band's getting your feet moving), there's a couple of lovely side rooms, one in rich theater theme, the other like a cozy family room in the 70s.  Even if you're not Irish, you've gotta check it out ~ it's a not to be missed experience for sure!
I was looking for something solid and tasty to eat after waking up from a night of doing the Vegas thing. R R hit the spot. Simple yet tasty food. Good beer selection. Friendly Staff.  I had a plate of wings (Honey Jameson Sauce) which were VERY good for a Starter. I also had the beef stew. The beef stew was tasty, well seasoned, and had a generous helping of mashed potato (fastest way to make me happy).  Definitely try this place if you are just looking for a friendly place to have a good dinner with friends without paying a lot of money.
My wife and I decided to try this place after reading several positive reviews on yelp. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon just in time to catch the last part of the morning football games, and I was happy there were plenty of televisions throughout the restaurant. Although the atmosphere was fun and inviting, the food was not very good.  My wife and I opted to go with their special of the day- a shepherd's pie that featured prime rib pieces throughout and a gravy made with Guinness beer. Sounds good -right?  Who doesn't like prime rib and beer?   Um, no. We were served a bowl of slop with a bite or two of prime rib fat. Gross! The meal wasn't good, and the fake accents were worse. Seriously?   I would comeback to this place for beer and football. However, I'll make sure I eat somewhere else first.
Excellent Irish Eggs Benedict!  They used a potato cake instead of an English muffin that was amazing. Great Bloody Mary and pressed coffee too. Our waitress even had an Irish accent.
One of our favorite restaurants. Surprisingly good. We had the Guinness beef stew and smoked salmon BLT. We went back one more time before we left. We had fish and chips, Reuben, and Guinness sundae. Food was very good. Prices were reasonable. We will definitely come again in the next trip.
The atmosphere was cramped but cozy for a pub setting. The staff was kind of oblivous. I had to flag people down to help me, and I was sitting at the bar. That being said, the customer service could not kill this place getting a 4 star review because of the food. Yum diggity, that Guiness Beef Stew is to DIE for. It's perfectly seasoned, and the mashed potatoes placed on top were fanfreakingtastic. If I'd found this place my first night on the strip, I'd have been back every day.
sat at the bar, had the shepards pie and my friend had a burger and fries.  both were amazing.  highly recommend the shepards pie!
We absolutely loved this place! I wish we had one just like it in San Diego! The fish and chips were so amazing. The Guinness was also amazing! The staff was wonderful, nice, fast and very Irish! The Pub was so cute! Its around Christmas time so they have a Christmas tree and decorated so perfectly. Different rooms for however your feeling....more intimate feeling, bar type feel, or just there for food. I hope to go back a few more times before we leave! If your in the area I highly recommend this place!
All I have to say is fish and chips done the right way, great beer from every where, and good local deals. Enough said
Food was excellent I ordered the Mussels(appetizer) as my meal way to many to eat and good flavor my husband had fish & chips which was excellent, but our service was very slow and not personal at all.
Great beer selection! The pub food is good but simple. Loved the Red Fox porter!
R R, my love, where have you been all of my life?  I've become a regular to this place; especially since it's a great way to kick off the weekend. 40% off food for locals on Fridays, coupled with happy hour app and drink specials; All of which is accessible right when I get out of work? Incredible way to end the work week!  Food is superb--Quality Irish pub food with an emphasis on quality. Here's a rundown of some of food that I've tried:  -Potato cakes: No doubt, the best app I've ordered so far. A Must try. Balsamic glaze on the panko crisp blew my mind. -Jameson glazed wings: I've had similar stuff at Firkin, but R R was here first. Delicious.  -Irish roast pork: Hefty cuts of pork loin and  roasted potatoes covered in a whiskey gravy, coupled with honey-glazed carrots. Fist bump love for this one. Salad comes with this one too, and well, it's a typical salad. -Fish & Chips: I've had many a fish and chip in my day. The way they do it here is one of my favorites. Plus, it's a huge serving. Order it. Devour it. Enjoy.  Don't be surprised if you see me sitting there on a Friday evening enjoying some pints and grub. Props for showing some local love!
Very loud sound system. You can't talk to friends even if you're in the back room. We may have ordered badly but the Ceasar salad had tasteless dressing ( although the lettuce was crisp and the croutons were yummy). Crab cakes were not very good, but shame one me for ordering them in an Irish pub. Food going to other tables looked really good. Service ok not stellar.
Great staff amazing food and local specials every Friday. The live Irish music is something that will bring ya straight to Ireland. The best Irish pub in Vegas in my personal opinion and a perfect stop on any Irishman/Irishwoman's trip to Las Vegas.
I came here on whim and was pleasantly surprised. They even have a locals day for 40% off on Fridays ( I really need to find my ID the next time I am in town) I had the Beef stew which has really good but the fries(chips) were excellent with a great curry sauce but an even better Malt vinegar mayo.. I had a dark and stormy here and a Tom Collins and both were very poor. SO, if you are coming eat hearty and drink beer.
The food was enjoyable for everyone in our party with the exception of the vegetable platter which tasted like unseasoned microwavable veggies. The thing that really bothered us though was when the tab came out with a $7 charge for the entertainment who didn't even start playing until after we left. The manager said we still had to pay it which left a foul taste for us on this restaurant!
Come for the beer, not for the food.
With our friends visiting from Philly, we went to RiRa on a Friday night, when a great deal for locals - 40% off food - is offered.  One thing I love about Irish pubs is the decor - all dark wood and atmosphere.  I wasn't sure that an Irish pub at Mandalay Place would be authentic, but RiRa sure was: raucously loud, friendly, and, and hopping.  Our choice was to wait for a booth or try to have four of us eat at one of the tiny, high center pub tables with backless stools.  Luckily, a booth opened up not long after we tried to settle in at the pub table, and we changed over to a much more comfortable spot.  The waiter was great, despite the crowd and having to shout over the music that was way too loud.   We started with Irish potato cakes, delicious with the addition of a balsamic glaze. Two of us ordered the pork loin special, which differed a bit from the regular one on the menu, and it was terrific.  Hubby had the Guinness Beef Stew, which he loved, and one friend, looking at the Reuben sandwich at the next table, decided to go with the Corned Beef and Cabbage.  I tasted it and found it very bland.  IMO, when it comes to corned beef, there's only one kind of place to get it, and an Irish pub doesn't cut it for me.  We almost never order dessert, but since our friends always do, we didn't want to watch them and drool, so we did, too.  They got the blueberry crumble, which we would have gotten too, except it had an oat crumb topping.  I sowed my wild oats years ago, so we passed on that and went with the Kerry Apple Cake.  The apple cake turned out to sound better than it tasted, so I guess we should have gone blueberry.  I also ordered coffee.  They serve it in a French press, but the small one I ordered turned out to give me half a cup of coffee.  For me, an 80-oz a day coffee junkie, this was unacceptable!  The waiter, sweetheart that he was, brought me a gigantic French press, which the menu said serves 3-4, and it was just perfect!  Okay, so the music was too loud, and wasn't exactly my idea of Irish music - no "Danny Boy" was to be heard, mostly pop with an Irish flair.  The restaurant was loud even without the music.  It was crowded.  But I loved it!!
Got my new profile pic of Ron Jeremy and me here. He was a great sport posing for photos with a bunch of his fans (well, maybe not exactly fans, but he IS a legend). Mr Jeremy, I apologize if there's some legal issue with me using your photograph on Yelp. You can have all of the royalties that I get from my Yelp reviews.  Dinner was good. I had the Irish mac and cheese. Not bad. Service was fine too, but we did have to wait a while for the check.
Yay for fatty foods! haha. We had the Corned Beef Brisket Reuben and the Fish and Chips. Oh boy there was a lot of corned beef in that reuben! My husband and friend were all over that while I enjoyed the deep fried goodness of fish and fries with tartar sauce, yum. It's rare that I eat a plate full of deep fried foods, but I sure did enjoy it =)
Simply, a great Irish pub.  Let's go down the list of what makes a pub comfy and Irish:  - Well-stocked whiskey list -- Check.  (carrying the spectrum from Powers to smoky 30 yr scotches) - Several Irish beers on draft -- Check.  (Harp, Kilkenny, Guinness, Smithwick's, Murphy's and more in bottles -- throw in some craft American beers in the mix as well for the win) - Long hardwood bar -- Check. (a bar patron needs some polished heft under the elbow at an Irish pub to sit for awhile) - Live Irish music -- Check. (consistently hosting excellent bands with a fiddle and a crooner singing out Irish ballads.  Other folks have suggested the music can be a little loud, but the bar is laid out with various rooms, so there's plenty of nooks to sit in and chat while the music is in the background) - Televisions with rugby, soccer and hurling -- Check. (Irishmen need their sports on a green pitch) - Fried foods and classic pub fare -- Check. (Their fish and chips is perfect and massive.  Thick cut fries and a whole cod battered and fried -- so much fish that you may need to split it)  Beyond that, it's comfy.  It's welcoming.  The bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly.  And for the locals, they offer a 40% off food special on Fridays.  It's on the strip (in Mandalay Place), so not the easiest "neighborhood pub" to wander into without planning to be there, but it's just a great hangout.  I award a tie for best Irish Pub in Vegas to McMullan's Irish Pub and Ri Ra.
One of the best meals I've had in Vegas.  Adequate service, great food.  The boxty and shepherd's pie were both wonderful.  Ri Ra will be a staple in my Vegastions in the future.
Stopped in for a few pints while checking out the sights.  Host was a little rude as he directed us past the front bar which was closed while the back bar was pretty crowded.  Standing room only back there so we only stayed for one pint and left.  Looks like a great place but the first impression wasn't the best. Great selection of Irish brews and liquor.  Great decor too.  May give it another shot when back in town again.
This place was horrible. We came in a large group and the food quality was pretty bad and was not cooked properly. We started with a few appetizers, pub wings, mac and cheese (entree but ordered for the table), tenders and potato cakes. Out of everything so far the mac and cheese was the best.   Four of the nine ordered the porterhouse steak medium rare. When they all came out they were medium well to well done, completely dry, and no flavor at all. The few people that ordered fish and chips said it was good but I wasn't able to try.   The desserts were pretty bad as well. The brownie sundae was burnt when it was microwaved and hard. The guiness cake was decent.   If we didn't have show plans for the night we would have went to lawrys instead, but now we know to never come back.
I walked into this place feeling somewhat anxious, a lot tired, and slightly out of my depth. First time in Vegas, what can I say?  I left feeling full, content, replete, and well-rested. If that isn't a successful meal, I don't know what is.  I've been to a fair few "Irish pubs" before. I put that in quotes because usually, the most Irish thing about them is maybe their name, and the fact that they have Guinness and Harp on draft.   Not so, here! From the genuine warmth and hospitality the servers show, to the deliciousness of the pub grub, to the really decent drinks -- I was really, really pleased.   Foodwise, I had the Dubliner Burger and a side of chips with Irish curry sauce. That lamb burger...oh man, I hadn't expected to find something that good as my first meal. I hadn't. Yeah, I was crazy hungry, but I don't think it was just the hunger talking. That was a seriously tasty burger.   As for the curry sauce...I'm a big curry fan in general. I love all different types of curry, including those milder ones that hail from the UK. There's a place for them all, I say. Especially on chips, and in the mayo on my Dubliner Burger.   The live music was excellent, too. I would have stayed longer if I didn't have plans.
So I have been here so much and never written a review. Since I have been the "Duchess" for a while I decided to do so. First of all most of the bartenders are very friendly. Susan and Junior are amazing!!  The food is really good. I tend to stay away from any fish dish unless it's the fish and chips. Every fish dish I have tried otherwise was way overcooked.  They do have the best fish and chips I have had outside of Ireland!  Some of their prices I think are a bit steep for what it is but the fish and chips are definitely worth it! My husband is from Dublin and they also have the best Irish breakfast in the city! Their pub fries with malt mayo are so good. The seafood chowder (one of their soup of the day) is really tasty. As a matter of fact I have never had a bad bowl of soup there.  Their chicken finger are actually really good and I usually don't go for chicken fingers. Their wings are just OK to me. I also have tried the Guinness Stew and that was pretty yummy. My favorite sandwich is their Kilcolly, turkey, cranberry mayo, apple and some kind of cheese, delicious!!  The atmosphere is fun and I enjoy their happy hour, but just so you know it's only food on happy hour 1/2 off apps. Get the smokes salmon platter, my husband orders 2!!   I do believe on Friday nights locals get 20% off. They have a nice selection of beer and a great whiskey list. Ask to look at it, it's nice to look through. I'll probably lose my Duchess status soon since I have been trying to frequent other places. Oh well I have reigned long enough!
This place is amazing! The first thing that happens is you fall in love with the staff. An hour in, talking with Ed who, when he's not working is likely to be found on the other side of the bar because they're like family, and I'm thinking "I'd fight next to this guy." The decor, the atmosphere, and the list of whiskeys are all sights to behold. The food I miss greatly, as I lie on my bed typing this. The bulk of the staff come in on work visas directly from Ireland to enhance the experience, and how effective that is!  I cannot wait to go back!
pretty good food but they were out of everything I ordered : ( from the wine I wanted to the entree.  The service was outstanding!! cannot emphasize that enough. I am a stickler for service and they knocked it out of the park!  Very unique menu, a great place to try some new flavors.
I was traveling for work and have always had a thing for irish bars making it a point to visit when possible  I visited this place twice on my trip and was extremely happy both times   A larger very irish themed space (with several real irish accents!) live music and several full bars.  I had prompt service getting seated immediately (table and booth) great service my glass was never empty. Also an amazing scotch list (you must ask for it but they have good descriptions)   The fish and chips were great (and LARGE) their scotch eggs and sweet potato tots were awesome as well (first time I had seen them in tots form) overall cooked to perfection and about as non greasy as this sort of food gets and done perfectly (one of the first times scotch eggs did not just fall apart when I cut them)  Will attend again!
Today was my third visit to this lovely Irish Pub and I'm awarding it four stars based on comparison of other Irish spots in the valley. It's beautiful, it feels "authentic," and I haven't had a bad dish. Plus, most of the staff is actually from Ireland and are all really friendly!   I've tried a few dishes since each visit was with a large group and allowed for a greater variety of samplings. During this visit, I ordered the "IRISH POTATO CAKES" again and it was good. It had a mashed potato consistency with a nice crust and tasty seasoning. Great contrast between the sour cream-like sauce and balsamic reduction drizzle. I also ordered the "UNIQUELY VEGGIE" burger (housemade white bean patty, crumbled goat cheese, sun dried tomato pesto, cucumber, caramelized onions on toasted wheat) with a side of housemade chips. The patty was really great and everything came together well. The goat cheese was a tad too much, but that's just the nature of the cheese. It also needed a little more flavor or just salt, which is a simple fix.  Their bar is wonderful too. I ordered a Jameson + Ginger and it had a generous serving of Jameson, plus delicious. Ruben enjoyed a Guiness Foreign Extra Stout (very cool Guiness store next door!).
Fitzy is a most warm and friendly Bartender here who loves his job. Yummers on the vegie  cumin soup .  Creamy with a touch of spice ..I sat at the bar , what a great atmosphere especially for the lone diner. Guinness  Beef stew with mashed so tender .. do go for this Irish pub when in Vegas. I'll definitely be back and will bring friends.
Had lunch at Ri Ra on a Monday afternoon for a quick stop in, this is located in the Shoppes at Mandalay Place, between Luxor and MBay.  We both had the lunch specials, Guinness stew, Shepherd's Pie, side salads, soda bread and drinks.  The servers and bartender were very helpful and nice, even though the place was busy.  If you have a chance, sit at the bar and have lunch or dinner, you can people watch or enjoy the atmosphere.  They do have drink specials as well and the bartenders I believe are all from Ireland.  The Guinness store next to it has a lot of branded items that are cool to see too.  I will plan to visit again, hopefully for dinner, overall the food was very good.
Let me preface this review by saying that I KNOW MY IRISH BARS AND FOOD. I was born and raised in that magical country and I frequently return for lengthy visits. Ireland is my favorite place in the world.   And now, Ri Ra is my favorite Irish pub in the world that exists outside of Ireland. It is authentic and decorated perfectly. The rich, dark wood and the paintings and the lighting and even the Irish accents of some of the servers could not be more perfect. Walking into Ri Ra is like walking into one of the local Temple Bar watering holes in Dublin.   Ri Ra has an absolutely astounding selection of beer and cider - the best of what Ireland and England have to offer and in my opinion, more of a selection than any other Irish pub in town. (HELLO! MAGNERS/BULMERS ON DRAFT!!!) Also, they've got a great whiskey list and flight samples that rival even the Freakin Frog's attic!   We ordered the fish and chips to share and the sausage rolls as an appetizer. Sausage rolls are one of my favorite comfort foods, so I was really hoping Ri Ra came through with this one. And, THEY DID. The sausage rolls were perfect and tasty and crunchy yet soft - probably the best I have ever had. When our fish and chips came out, I knew I was in love before I even took the first bite because I could tell that these were freshly cut potatoes and a really great cut of fish - HUGE too.   Without a doubt in my mind, Ri Ra has the best fish and chips in Vegas - definitely the best I have had outside of Ireland.   They've also got a pretty awesome "late night chipper" menu that I can't wait to check out. If you visit the bar for a drink, they've got all the bar snacks you'd find in Ireland - Tayto or King crisps, chocolate, etc. You name it!   This place is amazing. Although it might be a bit pricey, you get what you pay for in terms of quality and service! If this bar was closer to my house and not located on the strip, I'd probably never leave.
great service, fun late night place to grab a bite of authentic irish food  the prices are really good, especially for the size and deliciousness of the food you get.  definitely not a bad place to swing by in Vegas!  try the guinness stew!
Love this place.  I ate here one night when most restaurants were already closed except for the nasty cafe places at the hotels.  I was pleasantly surprised by the back area with the small stage and beautiful murals on the wall.  The waiter and the hostess had thick Irish accents which to me were a good sign that the food is pretty authentic (unless they were faking it).  Service was very friendly... food and drinks were great... ambiance was terrific... can't ask for anything more.
This is a beautifully crafted bar.  That much I cannot deny.  The moment you walk in, the immense wood filled bar strikes your vision - statutes, old pictures, and that fabulous old wood imported from Green Ireland.  Its undeniable pretty.  And the fact that you can also order decent food, and a good beer - simply adds to the grandeur.  Our server seemed to be from Ireland.  Or at least had a plenty good fake accent.  Either way, they score cool points for that.  It's a large place, with many rooms tucked inside the long rectangular design.  It seems like it would be a great place to hang out for a night with a large group, or to catch some rugby games.  Las Vegas is anything but Ireland.  It's anything from green, and anything from old like the motherland.  But at Ri Ra, for a moment, if you pretend and you've ordered enough glasses, you just might feel like you're there.  Or almost.  And that's enough.
In terms of food, I think Ri Ra is definitely a 4/5. The Irish potato cakes are delicious - I highly recommend these as an appetizer. The potato cakes themselves are light and fluffy, and the accompanying sauces are so flavorful.  The Guinness BBQ burger is really good. It has a great smoky flavor and the sauce is great. The chicken curry is really good. It isn't too spicy, but it has a nice flavor.  The staff is really friendly, and the restaurant is really nice and relaxed. I just think that the prices, even for Vegas, are a little high. For this reason alone I might skip Ri Ra in the future and spend the same amount of money at a place that I feel has better food for the same price.  Overall, good food, nice staff, and fun restaurant, if not a little overpriced.
An unannounced "live music" charge added to our bill? Really, Ri Ra?? Is this even legal to tag this fee onto a bill with no fore-warning? This seemed a little shady...
It is nearly impossible to explain what makes this place so fantastic.  The food is great.  The service is spectacular.  You just need to be there and feel how welcoming, warm, and inviting the staff treats every guest.  Family friendly and the best pint around!  Can't be beat.
On top of good beer, my bf and I really liked the food. The prawn appetizer was fresh and flavorful, my Guinness stew was excellent, and my bf said the fish and chips was very authentic. Real piece of fresh breaded fish. Very relaxing atmosphere, and the service was great. Would definitely come back.
We only ordered off the bar menu because it was late.  It's ok bar food. Fish and chips were mehh. Kebob was mehh.   But the reuben I thought was really good. They use real corned beef, not the stuff you'd get sliced at the deli.
Best Irish pub in town!!! If you're looking for an authentic Irish pub, look no further. Everything from this bar has been shipped from Ireland, reconstructing the true essence of what a pub really stands for. Authentic pubs are hard to come by in Vegas, this pub is worth a trip to the strip if you're a local. It definitely transports you back to Ireland.
True Irish pub, love it. Espescially, the pub staff and guests with Irish accents and  the back TV room.
Oh my, oh my.  Delicious 21 year old Bushmills is just the beginning of this foray into this authentic Irish Pub (located in Mandalay Place, which is the only drawback, since you have to brave the LV Strip to go there).  My wife and I chose seats at the authentic wooden bar and she had Stella and I had a perfectly poured Guiness from bartender and Irishman "Junior".  Everyone was friendly and Irish in this joint, and the smell of the food was mouth watering.  I had the Lamb/Rosemary burger and by-gum it was one of the tastiest burgers EVER.  Lei enjoyed the fish and chips which were hands down the best I have EVER had.  The 21 year old whisky was the icing on this beautiful cake and I will return there in the very near future.  Expensive and a bit touristy for my normal fare, but outstanding food and drink take up the slack.  Oh and it probably isn't very expensive if you skip the 21 year old booze ;)  5 Stars.
Everything here is Irish, including the staff. Best Irish pub I've found in Vegas, and will definitely be a regular stop for me. The Fish & Chips is delicious and the cider they serve here is AWESOME. If you're into ciders. If you're not into ciders you should be. Give it a shot.
Vegas baby! My friends were all raving about this place and what cracked me up is that when they took me there I realized this was my old sponsor bar from playing rugby back in Providence RI. I love the bar there so I was excited to go in Vegas. Food and service were fun and great although I was surprised at the pricing - but again, VEGAS! Duh. We had a blast with the live music later on and it ended up being a great night before our friends wedding.
Well if I am back in the neighborhood and looking for an Irish Pub, this will be the place to stop in!  I didn't have a full meal, as I was meeting friends after I had already dined, but since it was a bar I figured I could partake in some of the other dishes.  I started with a Smithwick's (Which the cool kids, I learned, pronounce as "Smiddick's") which I quite enjoyed.  Then moved on to a Irish Iceberg. I didn't really care for the Guinness + Milkshake + Caramel of the Irish Iceberg, but i didn't hate it. Then on to an Irish Coffee, served authentically in a glass, which was really good.  If that wasn't enough, I finished it off with a Guinness Sundae.  Mmm, Mmm! How is that for not eating a full meal?  I would absolutely return!
I found this place between the Madalay Bay and Luxor hotels while looking for something good to eat for under $50.  The mall between the two resorts has several nice places like this.   I found the service to be great. However, I was sitting at the bar. The bartender was very friendly and welcoming and came with an Irish accent to go with the Irish bar.  He didn't give the feeling that he wished I would order drinks instead of food and also made recomendations.  One of his recomendations was the fish and chips.  I figure that I can get that at home, but if a nice guy recomends it then it must be something they are proud of.  I ordered it.   The fish was very good.  One very large piece of battered fish sitting on chips (french fries).  With some malt vinegar the fish was excellent. The chips were not.  They were soaked in grease from the fish and soggy.  Too bad really. I thought they were a victim of bad platting.   I would definately go back.  Next time no fries and hoepfully I can raise the score.
I can't say enough about Ri Ra. My dinner was amazing. The service was the best I've had in years. My waiter was so spot on the entire dinner with drinks, food, etc. If you want a great evening with possibly the best food and service in Las Vegas check out Ri Ra!
The food is phenomenal, the service is horrendous.  We had some sort of cheese appetizer that was so amazing I could of ate it as my entree.  The lamb burger is incredible (if they put enough toppings on it) topped with goat cheese, curry and caramelized onions.  And the sweet potato tots are perfectly seasoned.  The first time I went I picked up the order to-go so I didn't have any issues.  I was so impressed by the food I recommended it to my colleagues and we went back later on in the week.  We waited almost twenty minutes to order and then another forty five minutes for our appetizer.  The manager came over and said sorry it took so long but we were still charged for it.  Then our food came out two minutes later.  Another forty minutes later when our check came it was completely wrong.  Twenty minutes later we got everything sorted out by the manager.  All he offered was an apology.  Needless to say no one was happy about being there for two hours for a burger.
I had my wedding reception there, and it was AMAZING! The staff was wonderful and the woman that helped with everything (her name was Paula) was so sweet and so beyond helpful! We had such a great experience. The food was delicious, I have absolutely no complaints! We couldn't ask for a better experience.
Ri Ra located inside Mandalay Place looks just like any store-front restaurant you'd find in a mall.  However walk-in and you will discover several rooms with Irish decor and you'll begin to see just how large this place really is!  I was split between many items on the menu since they had simple food with little "twists" thrown in.  I decided on a meatloaf burger made with veal, topped with mashed potatoes, onion rings and a Guinness ketchup.  Before I get to the burger, we also split some potato cakes, very crispy on the outside with a balsamic dressing, but soft on the inside.  The burger was different but very tasty packed with flavor (most likely to all the toppings going on!) and it left me very satisfied throughout the day.  Two other people at the table had a huge piece of fish and chips and I stole a bite or two of the soft cod.  Overall I would come here again, especially on Friday's where locals get 40% off!  I am looking forward to trying all the other menu items (my own Fish & Chips, Guniess burger and Shepards Pie come to mind!)
I've been to several Ri Ra's all over the country. It's a good spot for solid food and good Guiness. Most of the other locations have nicer ambiance, but similarly good Irish food. I've had several things here, but I normally gravitate towards the fish and chips. I had them at this location and they were spot on. The Guiness is decent, but not quite as good as it could be, hence I'm deducting one star.  The prices are reasonable, but still a bit expensive due to the location. This venue is in the mall connected to the Mandalay Bay.
Repeat visit to this fine  Irish Pub in the shops at Mandalay Bay. Must have fish-n chips and sheperds pie!  I shared both when I went.. great beers and irish whiskey . Bands are hit  and  miss.. last trip I loved the band .. this time not so much.. but hey good times were had.  Nice to repeat a visit here and get the same great food and atmosphere!
First the greatest thing about Ri Ra: they offer 40% off on food, every Friday, for locals. And you only need to show one local I.D., so its possible to take friends there with you. That being said, our first visit there as locals [we had stopped in for a drink once before, as visitors to Vegas] was a mixed experience.  The atmosphere is quite pleasant, it feels like a real Irish pub once you get into it from the "mall" that houses it. Not surprising, since it was brought over from Ireland. And they play lovely Irish music, but when we went (early evening) it was at a level that still allowed us to talk. And our waitress, also an import from Ireland, couldn't have been nicer. My husband ordered the chicken curry, along with a flight of Irish beers. I had the fish and chips, along with an Irish hard cider. The beverages are filled all the way to the rims. They were at the temperature and level of carbonation (not overdone, on either) that we expect in a pub that knows its business. My husband loved his curry, and I thought the fish was the best I'd ever had: a huge moist filet with thin shattery crust. And the remoulade served with it was delicious...I'd put that on everything! The "chips" (fries) weren't as crispy as Americans are used to, but we've found that in many other countries they are used as a base for the main entree, not as a side. So that seemed authentic. Even the brown bread served with the meal was tasty...it reminded me of the brown bread my mom used to bake in cans, for Sunday evening dinners! (And served with real Irish butter.) Now, the reason I took off a star. The dessert was abysmal. They were out of creme brulee (not Irish, but pretty ubiquitous in Vegas). So we ordered the special: strawberry trifle. What we were expecting was the standard trifle in a glass bowl, with liquor-infused cake, custard/pudding, and berries layered, with whipped cream on top. What we got was a couple slices of store-bought pound cake on a plate, each topped with one sliced strawberry, which were almost inedible because they were under-ripe and not sweetened. And a small dollop of whipped cream. Don't know if they didn't have the "real" trifle prepped, and just hurried to make up a substitute; or if this pub which tries to be authentic in most other ways just doesn't know what a real trifle is. Whatever...it left us with a bad ending.  Like any Vegas dining/drinking spot, you never know who or what is going to sashay through the door, so its a great place to people watch. Just go someplace else to get dessert.
The fish and chips they show on the pic on the table is actually what they give you!  Fish was yumm-o ... More fish than batter which is always good and the fish tasted fresh.  And can't go wrong with lunch specials under $10 - soup+salad, sandwich+salad, sandwich+soup. Decent light lunch portions.  Def a better deal  than a ceasar or Cobb for $20+ a couple of restaurants down!  Good service too.  If I'm in the area, I'll be back.
I don't expect much from mid-priced restaurants in casinos.  They're usually designed as restaurant fillers to offer enough variety to keep patrons from visiting other casinos.  But Ri Ra stands out, so much that my friend and I ate here twice during our 3-day stay.  The classic Irish Pub, Ri Ra is outfitted with all the lacquered wood and trimmings you'd expect.  European football on the television, irish-speaking employees (most of whom have work visas) provide authenticity.  But the food is where it's at!   I was blown away by something as simple as a corned beef quesadilla, and I can still taste the classic Reuben with a little Colman's mustard smeared for good measure.  If you want good, hearty Irish food, do yourself a favor and stop by Ri Ra next time you're at the Mandalay Bay.  I'd even consider taking a cab from another casino for that quesadilla!
OMg, LIVE MUSIC!  That is the reason I come here, the quality of the live music is great.  The person who books the talent knows their stuff.  It is always Irish themed music, but not just traditional jigs & what not.  The first time I came here, The Blaggards were doing some traditional song.  I took a quick break.  When I came back, they were doing Psycho Killer by the Talking Heads!  I haven't heard that in a while & was stoked!  Most of the bands will do Irish folk, country, & some Irish based rock bands like U2, the Pogues, Dropkick Murphys, etc.  Drink prices, specifically beer & cider are actually good for a joint in the Mandalay.  They'll have a cocktail of the month. This month is a Blackberry Mojito (for May).  It is meh, but, I am not a huge mojito fan.  I've done an Irish Whiskey flight and that was great & cheap.  $12 for 4 2oz shots of increasing quality.    I've had some food.  For sure, their Irish Curry is great with chips (fries).  I would love to come for dinner, but I seem to only make it here on Tuesday nights.  The  service is friendly & fast, the ambiance is great with a private bar/room to the left of the stage & dining behind the bar/stage area.  If you need a more quiet spot, sit near the storefront & the sound isn't loud, in my opinion.  Soon, I may have a teacher for Irish jigs, & step dancing.  That'll be a sight, a 6'1" Flip, wearing a tie dyed v-neck, step dancing to Seven Drunken Nights!
Not impressed.  Convenient location.  Decent food.  Salad was good.  How hard can it be to make a black and tan that is black....  and tan?
Was wondering around Mandalay Bay and looking for a place that serves food past midnight, full menu was not served, but we got the Ruben and also the chicken wings from their late night special menu, the food was tasty, the atmosphere was nice. Hey, and our server was Irish, how authentic is that?  :-)
The food is ok- pretty much what you'd expect from a pub in Ireland- not super flavorful, but very filling. I had the potato&leek soup and the chop salad. My mom got the fish and chips, which she said was delicious. The real reason to go here is the bar. There is a regular full bar, PLUS a special Whiskey bar. Also, this place had the largest cider selection I've ever seen. Lots of giant flat screens made this a great place to watch the playoffs. Get out of the casino and go here.
Had the corned beef and the fish and chips.  Both were very good especially the fish and chips.  The fish was fresh and the batter was light...Just the way I like it.  This place has plenty of good beers on tap and a huge beer bottle selection.  Service was excellent and very friendly.  I will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
Un peu du. Je m'attendais  quelque chose parfait aprs avoir lu toutes les critiques, mais finalement je me suis retrouv dans un endroit uniquement touristique.  Dommage parce que le cadre est vraiment top avec ce pub import d'Irlande, mais bon, apparemment le personnel ne suit pas, dommage...
Excellent fish and chips and goat cheese salad.  Kids loved their food as well.   I kept my kids up late for dinner and they LOVED the Irish band.
I had a good time when I ate at Ri Ra. We got there a little early for the live entertainment unfortunately, so I turned my attention to their excellent beer list. I started off with a reasonably priced beer sampler, and fell in love with the Harp. For dinner, I ordered the Guinness Stew, and it was fantastic. My girlfriend ordered some kind of fish, which she enjoyed (although the portion was way too large for her to finish). Our server was a friendly Irish woman.
Great place to go have a nice dinner in a casual atmosphere! It's great that all the servers have genuine Irish accents. I learned that they actually have then come over and work on visas from Ireland.
There ended up being a long wait due to a convention in town and game on tv that just never seemed to end. But once we were seated we had a good service by our first waitress. She was very on top of it and got our orders in quickly. When her shift ended she introduced us to our new waiter. He seemed friendly but our service dropped off tremendously with the switch. When we were done and asked for the check it was probably 10 minutes before he brought it and and 20 minutes till he finally cashed us out and brought it back to us. We had split the check (3 ways) there were some errors but since he was so slow we settled the difference between ourselves.  The upside is my glass had a crack in it which I hadn't noticed till near the end, when  a different server noticed it she came over and asked if it was cracked, then took it away and brought me a brand new drink!
Perfectly awesome Irish pub in one of the ubiquitous indoor casino malls that seem to connect most of Vegas these days.  I'm afraid we didn't eat here, but the drinks were exceptional and the service was fun and fast.  We were there during a slow period between lunch and dinner, and the the bartenders were conversational and friendly.  The pub is beautiful; completely finished out with accommodations for live music.  Of course, my wife was stuck in permanent eye-roll as there was an entire store dedicated to my favorite beer next door; loaded up on Guinness paraphernalia after our drinks.
Food is tasty.  Come prepared to wait.  Not a quick eat and get out....our waitress, Laura, was very good....friendly and attentive.  I enjoyed my meal...Guinness stew...the soda bread is delish!
We went in on a Saturday night around 5 and the wait was maybe 5 minutes.    They are all Irish so I had no reservations with having a Guinness that wasn't poured wrong.    Hubby had Shepherd's Pie- because who can pass up a traditional?, and I had the center cut pork loin... Both were great :)  Filling enough that no dessert was needed, wouldn't have been able to!
This place was fantastic! Authentic, non smokey, and the food is stellar. The service was very nice and quick. I have tried many different restaurants for good fish and chips, this was honestly the best. If you're in Vegas this is an outstanding place to go for lunch.
Great spot for a pint and dinner. The staff is cool and he food was great. Had the Killkooly sandwich-Aces!!
The atmosphere was great - went for dinner before concert @ Mandalay but the bartender was slow - took 15 minutes to get a martini! & inconsistent - 2nd martini was terrible. The food was awful as well - everything we ordered was over-cooked - halibut was dry, risotto was like big ball of dough & "chips" (fish & chips) were soggy.
I've been here twice now and both times, it's been very good.  I had the Irish breakfast the first time, which was insanely good!  If you love your sausage, then go for it.  You will not be disappointed.  This last time, I had the fish and chips.  The fish was great but the chips were on the soggy side.  And, while they poured the PERFECT pint of Guiness they seem a bit inconsistent with their other drinks.  My friend ordered a cocktail that was very red the first time, but on her second one, it was barely red at all (more booze in the second one, she said)  Our waiter was great (as was our waitress the first visit) and everyone working there seems to enjoy themselves.  the interior is very cool, too.  Definielty worth a visit if pubs are your thing.
We had a group of about 15-20 of us, that didn't want to pay on all one bill.  They accommodated that, with no problem.   If that doesn't earn five stars alone, then I don't get this Yelp thing at all.   For Las Vegas locals on Friday night you get a 30% discount.  Seriously.  ON A FRIDAY NIGHT.   Now the food.  They use rashers. They use Irish Cheddar.  They use Guiness.  I always find the meat to be really good and the side dishes to be fabulous.
The food was great, the beer was fantastic, but the service was EXCELLENT!  Ita took extra special care of my 3-year-old son, and he keeps exclaiming how much he wants to go back. All of the employees that we came in contact with were actually from Ireland, which gives this restaurant a special little bonus. Make sure to buy some of the Irish chocolate bars behind the bar. They are the best I have had since being in Ireland myself.
Great fish n chips.  Very loud atmosphere.  Great bang for the buck for Vegas.  Great portion size.
R R has great food and great service. As a local, I don't spend a lot of time on the Strip, but when I do, I try to get to R R. The potato pancakes are so good. Yum! I just went back again today. Potato pancakes and the Irish mac & cheese! Oooh so good! I just want to go there and listen to all the servers speak with their lovely Irish accents. :)
Party of three. Ordered the Guiness stew, shepherds pie, and corned beef. It wasn't bad but also not great. Pretty much like a meal you would cook for yourself at home: good, but not worth $70.
We thought we would try this place for the first time.  I think it would have been fun to come during a live game.  Service was good and they have a large beer list.   To start I tried the potato leek soup which I did enjoy.  For my entree I tried the halibut.  It was decent.  I wasn't a fan of the risotto that came with it.  My son had the macaroni and cheese.  I would recommend it.  The potato cakes were so so.  It was a little high priced for the level of food.  One little thing that would make an improvement is cloth napkins.  The napkins were paper.   For the price of the entrees the restaurant should opt for the cloth.
I waited until my 2nd visit to review. This is one fun and fantastic pub to check out in LV. The Guinness Stew, Sausage Roll and the Baked Goat Cheese are to die for...not to mention great beers!  The servers are excellent as well. We will return again for sure!
The duo of live entertainment in the evenings here is hysterical.  Two guys playing funny songs really gets the crowd involved.  Downside : no prices listed on the drink menu .... overall a fun time.
They take 14 days to brine their corned beef. Enuff said. . . . Oh, okay, here's some more:  1. Friend had the fish and chips but said they weren't memorable enough to rave about them.  2. Though friend did have the Snake Bite and said it was 'awesome!'  3. But we both agree that the corned beef alone warrants a return visit.  4. And the waitresses are Irish! Love their accents!
This place is OK, we came here to have dinner and were given a table just by the entrance. This corner was more quiet than the rest of the place, and we couldn't see the live act that was playing, which we really didn't mind, because we could hear them in the background and that was more than enough... The singer was shouting out his songs and beating up his poor guitar in a very tiresome way.   Apart from this we felt somewhat unattached in our corner.  The personnel were very nice and helpful, giving quick and good service. The dinner was also tasteful and good. I had The Kilcooly and I really liked it!  A strange thing, after eating we asked for toothpicks and the answer was:- I know this sounds crazy, but we don't have it...  3 stars from me this time, because 4 is too much after this visit, but I wouldn't be surprised if we get a 4 star experience if we go there again, the potential is certainly there.
It's so weird that I always travel the corridor between Luxor and Mandalay and I've never been here before this last visit.   So the place itself is kinda cool. The live music is a bit loud if you're in the main area (not really suitable for talking), but the back room is quieter.   The food is decent. Nothing to rave about, but the portions are good and prices are affordable (which is a big deal in Vegas).   Just be aware that they charge a live entertainment tax, which I didn't know - so the bill goes up unexpectedly.
Bellissimo pub irlandese con musica dal vivo, accoglientissimo e tranquillo. Steak superlative. Prezzi medio-alti.
Great friendly service, good food (had the eggs Benedict made with potato cakes instead of English muffins).  Many, many beers on tap. And open early on a holiday in Vegas :)
The boyfriend and I came here this past weekend looking for a late/early am dinner. They have a different late night menu, and this review speaks only for that:  We sat down in the front to avoid the sad Irish band playing in the back, and had to go to the bar to request table service. We were starving so we ordered the curry and chips to start, both of which I believe may have been microwaved, but decent enough for me to eat in my ravenous state. For entrees I ordered the Reuben, which was yummy, but came with sad chips, and my boyfriend ordered the burger - it was PATHETIC! I have not seen a burger this sad since I left elementary school, a lukewarm brown patty sitting between two pieces of dry bread. My poor, hungry, boyfriend didn't eat it, and we left.   Also I ordered a Guinness and Smithwicks, and the waitress brought me one of each. When I acted surprised to have gotten two beers, she told me I should have ordered a "blacksmith," and walked away, mind you I never saw a drink menu. Weird. I drank both. YUM.  This place gets one star for Guinness and Smithwicks on tap, and one star for the reuben. But, I don't recommend going here for a late night meal, you will be disappointed.
My new favorite place in Vegas!  Was in town for my friend's 40th.  We aren't into going to "da club"...so this was a great alternative...BEAUTIFUL interior, great beer, but also has a full bar.  They have super friendly bartenders.  We can back later as they said they had music, and music they did!!  Live music that was current and fun!  All and all, we had a blast...it was about the people and the atmosphere.  We didn't eat, so can't comment on the food, but it looked tasty!  Next time I stay at Mandalay, I'll definitely be back!
I know Ri Ra is a chain.. But it really doesn't feel like it here.  Atmosphere: I love all the little rooms here and different types of tables. It really does allow for the feel of an old Irish pub.  Food: I love wings- and these ones were good. We had the honey BBQ which had just enough sweetness to be delicious. We also had the sausage pastry rolls-- how have I never tried these before? It's like beef Wellington but with sausage and extra phyllo dough. Just delicious. I'm proud of us we restrained from ordering round two of them.  Drinks: Typical beer and wine fare.. And seem to have some happy hour specials that vary by day.
Great Place, everything is good and the service is real.  A place I will come back to.
In laws loved the atmosphere, food and Guinness. Hubby and I thought the food (meatloaf burger and turkey sandwich) were average. Hubby was unimpressed with the length of time he had an empty glass in front of him. Oh and it was a 20 min wait for a seat at 7.30 and looked like there were still people waiting when we left at 9pm.
We love Ri Ra. Love, love LOVE Ri Ra.   We've gone to Ri Ra several times. I love their locals special on Friday's - 50% off your meal for locals on Friday's. Yes please! Get the rewards card - worth the 3 minutes it takes to fill it out and you get discounts, complimentary food, etc in the future.  We just happened to walk by and see that Derek Warfield from Derek Warfield and the Young Wolftones was the live music that night. Of course, we jump into the pub and sit at the packed bar. Hubby bought several pints of perfectly poured Guinness, a couple which had the four leaf clover design on top, and I had a couple pints of cider. The special that night was mussels in a whiskey sauce. Let me tell you. I had just gotten back from RI and had fresh mussels and these mussels at Ri Ra were equally as fresh, and that whiskey sauce is what dreams are made of. Perfection.  The night was perfect, and it helped that a huge group of Star Wars convention-goers from the UK who were mildly intoxicated showed up and danced the night away with the rest of us.  We always go to Ri Ra for breakfast. At first their menu was smaller, but it didn't matter because everything was scrumptious. My hubby loves the full Irish breakfast complete with rashers and black and white pudding. I love their Classic American or the Kilcullen Omelete. Every tastes as traditional as it gets in the U.S., and it helps that they made the bar in Ireland and transferred all of it to Vegas.  I'll be honest, I've had food here that was okay and nothing exciting, but for the most part the food is great and the entertainment, especially when its a live band on a weekend night, is perfect for a night at the pub.
Watered down beer, horrible entertainment that's so loud you would think they are performing at a stadium, un-seasoned food, and to top things off, rude service.  How do you get fish and chips wrong?  Order them here if you want to find out.
One of THE best places in Vegas.  My wife and I go to Vegas pretty often and this is one of our first stops.  Great food, outstanding service, good beer and banter.  Emma and Jr in particular are two wonderfully warm bar staff.  A must visit if you are on the Strip.
Great irish staff and food.  We had the cod bacon wrap and  the guiness bbq burger
It's a pub so expect that and you'll be fine. The food was very good, the beer and cider was great, the service friendly and professional. The one thing that bumped this up from being just a very good pub to a place to go back to was something very simple: The bread. We ordered a loaf to go LOL. It's a big heavy chunk of dark soda bread (I think that's what it's called). Really liked that. My guess it could be pretty raucous but when we were there, the noise level was well within tolerable limits. We were a little cramped but like I said, this is a pub. Definitely enjoyed it. I'll be back.
Love this place. Everyone that works there is from Ireland. Alan was our bartender and turned my girlfriend and I onto an irish Whiskey i had never had. This place is the best place to buy a Guinness because all the bartenders know how to clover the beer.
Excellent Fish & Chips. Fries was a little under cook for me. Very reasonable prices.  Live band at night. Many beers to choose from.
Excellent food and atmosphere. Servers are attentive and also very friendly. They have a lot of different rooms to sit in. We sat in the whiskey room which had a bunch of different Irish whiskey on display to choose from. Very authentic Irish pub, would definitely go back.
Our group had a mission to find a good place to eat at reasonable prices. Saw this on yelp and figured it was worth a try. Got here and was seated in their spacious back-room and had Junior (John Paul) as our server. Dude was cool took our orders and came back a few minutes later apologizing because they didn't have enough corned beef. He made some replacement suggestions and took care of the switch up as best he could. We ordered the corned beef and cabbage and the Guinness stew both very good and seasoned just right. Others got the fish and chips and curry (yes curry) and it was good! Service was excellent and Junior had a great sense of humor and made our dining experience very fun memorable. I'd definitely recommend this place it's really not what you would expect from a pub located in the Mandalay Shoppes but it has good live music and a great overall casual place to have a meal with friends. Food is pretty good I would give it 4 stars on the food but the experience from Junior made it a 5 overall in my book!
Hit this place late on a Wednesday night, after getting checked in at a local hotel a bit later than planned, and it was becoming apparent that our list of choices for anything other than "quick food" was rapidly dwindling. Luckily, their late night menu goes until 1am, and has a good number of "full dinner" choices on it.  Being an Irish pub, I was expecting a few good draught beer, and a couple of good Irish whiskey and perhaps a few different scotches. However, this place has a fairly wide selection available, ranging from regular everyday stuff, to good outside of most people's repertoire brands, and on it to some good rare whiskey that some might kill to try (eg. Usually only available at large private dram club events - and the price tag of those is predictable, if not just a tad outrageous).  As far as our food, it was a welcome late night meal. When asked about the prime rib, our server was honest, saying she didn't find it that special, but it was a popular selection. Overall, she was dead-on... while quite a generous cut at a reasonable price, it was a bit dry (or perhaps a little over the medium rare I selected), but the au jus helped make up for that issue (and really, at well after usual dinner hours, I am not going to complain, anyway - I was happy to not be settling for a simple burger some place).
We would give Ri Ra a million stars if we could! This review is for our wedding reception we held here for 150 guests. The moment we took a tour of Ri Ra we knew we wanted our reception here because the decor and vibe was what we'd been searching for. We quickly met with their staff who were extremely accommodating, welcoming and determined to make our vision come true. We live in California so we had to plan over emails and phone calls, but the managers made us feel 100% confident that our wedding would be what we wanted because they were sooo organized! They made us feel like it would be amazing, and it was!!! Throughout the planning process, we worked closely with Paula, the manager, who was extraordinary! She was well organized, enthusiastic, helpful, answered emails quickly and genuinely cared about all my questions. I actually felt relaxed because I knew the details were in good hands (which isn't easy for the bride!) During our reception, all the staff was attentive, no one waited for drinks, food was delicious (she even made sure our Vegan guests, kids, and dietary restrictions were taken care of!), and we had the most amazing time ever! We want to thank RiRa, Paula and Scott for all their time, hard work, and fantastic implementation skills that helped give us a memory we'll forever cherish!!!
Incredible Irish Pub! Great food and great atmosphere . Their Shepards Pie makes you feel you're in Ireland. Very nice place
Ed/Harvey made our visit simply enjoyable.  I really loved the Irish stew. I recommend it without hesitation.  The fish and chips are awesome and huge!  My companions recommended the mushy peas!
Fun place good food ,good drinks, good service and a great value for the dollar. Ambiance is authentic Irish pub.  Fun people. Creative menu.
I had my wedding reception at a restaurant inside the Luxor. Ri Ra (inside Mandalay) is where we went for our post-reception after party. We explained to them that our reception location wouldn't let us have music or dancing, and Ri Ra graciously reserved the Parlour Room for us for free (on a Sunday night - probably a different story on a busier night, of course). After dinner, we came here and had a blast. The band played a song for us so we could have our first dance, and we drank Guinness and just hung out. Our photographer and videographer really liked the stylish settings, although the lighting was difficult. But overall, Ri Ra was a great place with great people. And great food - we came here on another visit to Vegas and had dinner. I LOVE the fish & chips. :-) We will definitely be visiting again.
Great menu. Very nice staff. Authentic Irish music daily. A bit load in the stage area though. Excellent selection of beer.
We went to this place on a Friday night, yes it was late but the place was open and had a band, seemed to be busy but no overly busy. We were seated at a tiny table right behind the band, since it was so loud we asked to be moved to the back. The hostess grudgingly did that, she was not friendly at all and seemed put out. We waited 20 minutes and never got served, never even saw any wait staff. Really? Never go here again, in any city.
My husband and I don't gamble but went to Vegas to see a show, we were looking for a fun place and happened upon Ri Ra.  The hostess was extremely nice and as we were not able to find a visible seat at the bar pointed out the small and cozy back bar.  The service there was phenomenal, not once did they forget we were there.  I noticed a bottle on the bar back that said "Irish Honey."  Curiosity peaked as asked the bartender about it and he said that, "It is a simple Irish Whiskey."  That being said I had to try it, it was amazing and we were not disappointed in anything recommended during our visit.  We will now be making the trip to Vegas more often just to visit this pub.  (Previously we would visit every 2 - 3 years, we now plan 3 -4 times a year) Yes this place is that good.
Whenever I see a couple of reviews with one star ratings I realize the the 4 and 5 star reviewers don't get out much. I did not review this place before eating there because I was invited as a guest. I am writing this review because it was that BAD. The waiter was obnoxious and blamed the slow food service on the kitchen and the slow drink service on the bar. One of the people at the table ordered Shepperd's Pie and when informed the had none he said I really wanted Shepperd's pie, the waiter said well I really want to be off right now so what. It was lunch time and it took 2 hours to get drinks and lunch. Plus the place was dead. I had the Reuben and was looking forward to a good one. This was absolutely the worst Reuben I have ever had. So, Poor Service, Poor Food, I would give this place a zero star if it was available. I want to update this review. I gave it one star originally and within 2 hours of posting my review the manager contacted me to ask who our server was and to apologize. This speaks volumes to caring about his business. So I am adding a star. I will return next year to take him up on his offer of seeing that my first experience was the exception not the rule. Being a business owner myself I realize that sometimes a rogue employee can ruin the customer experience and that it is not necessarily the rule of the business itself.
Great place to get somewhat reasonable stiff drinks at Mandalay Bay.
Best food and service... I can't get over how amazing this place is! One of the freshest places we've eaten at! Nice dark atmosphere!
Back again recently and enjoyed my second visit here even more than the first.  Service was generally great, chatty and friendly.  Prices weren't meteorically insane (on the whole) for a strip hotel and the space is a welcome respite from the bells, whistles and smoke of the casino floor.  On this trip I sampled their fish and chips, and whoa, hold the press, gotta be one of the best I have tasted in America full stop.  The optional side dish of mushy peas is a must but is also "punch me in the face yes I am that dumb" expensive at $4.95.  The beer/whiskey menu is extensive, I could sit hear all day and night sampling imported brews, many on tap too.  When I can leave a joint in Vegas, paying under $80 for two after a filling delicious meal and several mighty fine beverages, I always feel like I hit the progressive.
Excellent. Great atmosphere, beautiful rich style, amazing food. I had the Irish Benedict and liked it so much I came back for breakfast the next day. The staff is pleasant and half of them are actually Irish which adds to the authentic feeling of the place.
Still my top favorite place whenever I am in Vegas- down to earth with great food. Atmosphere, decor and entertainment. We ordered corned beef and the shepherds pie- superb!
This place looks small from the outside but it's actually kinda big. Has a sports bar feel, but has another section that is super cozy with a fireplace. I actually came here on Thanksgiving night. Had a lowkey excellent turkey dinner while watching football. It was a nice break from gambling. I'd come here again.
This was our 2nd trip to Vegas and our 1st to Ri Ra, I was kicking myself that I hadn't been here on our 1st trip.  As we are both Irish normally our 1st port of call is to make sure there is an Irish Pub within walking distance of our hotel, we were lucky to have two, the Nine Fine Irishmen and Ri Ra but after having a fab Christmas dinner, creamy pints of guiness just like home and the only place in Vegas to serve Magners we soon made ourselves at home. We also had an Irish breakfast that couldn't be faulted along with Club Orange and Lemon, tayto & starbars, after being away from home travelling for the past 8 months this is the closest we have come to having a home cooked meal and having the Craic with bar staff just made us go back for more. Thanks Ri Ra for giving us a little bit of home in Vegas... We will most certainly be back and will send all the homestead we know your way. Cheers!
Had a blast super cool Irish bar. The food was really good too especially the fish and chips could easily eat two orders. There's also a super chill room attached that's 70s themed and has a private bar which is cool for hanging out. Great deals for locals highly recommend for a good time and cool atmosphere
Nice place once you find it...  Made a special trip to the strip just to check it out and we were not disappointed.  To eat we had the meatloaf burger, which was pretty good, and the smoked salmon club, which was great, but the story line to this place is 150 or so whiskey bottles hanging around the shelves and cabinets.  From $650 a shot down to $8, they have pretty much everything.  They have a great catalog at the bar detailing what they have available, and that alone was great to enjoy.  Wondered if I could somehow get it out of there, but thought better of it.  :-)  The only thing that kept it from five stars, and this probably sounds petty, most of the bartenders had NO idea about the whiskies.  In a bar like this, with that as one of their points of pride, seems like they'd give the staff some training beyond "here's the book", but it's not like that'll keep me from going back next time we're in Vegas.
Found out about this place through the Luxors TV casino channel. We got there around 2am and the food was great. My wife and comadre had a Irish Car Bomb and loved it. The atmosphere makes you feel like you're in a pub in Ireland. Overall great spot and the bartenders had good customer service. The prices were about average as anywhere else in Vegas.
Irish car bombs were perfect, customer service was great and delish food. I had the sausage roll and it rocked! The atmosphere here was awesome! Strongly recommend if you want good food and good drinks. Wished I could've order more food..lol.
I ordered the chicken cordon blu with mashers and green beans... I was very tired after working all day sat bar drank a few ciders chilled with an amazing couple from Scotland and listened to house band... I took my food to go and it was really good. If you are in the mood of good food at a reasonable price this is spot on... Yummy
Ri Ra is by far one of my favorite places on the strip! Not only is the atmosphere great but the food is even better! If you get the fish and chips prepare to take some of it home - it's massive! Everything I've tried is delish! If you like potatoe cakes, I'd say they have some of the best! With live music 7 nights a week and a different band in every week, you really can't go wrong if you're looking for a lively place with amazing food and great service!
Fun place for lunch, great place for dinner.  Hidden in the shops between Mandalay Bay and Luxor.  The atmosphere is energetic and service is fast.  They have a live band at night.         For lunch I hade clam chowder and fish n chips.  The clam chowder was decent, it had some huge chunks of celery, I hate celery.  It was also loaded with potatoes.  The fish n chips were excellent, a huge portion and I ordered the half or lunch portion.  The chips were a little on the greasy side, but the fish was nice and flakey and battered well.  Price was great for the portion.
Usual overpriced Vegas food and drinks, but at least the stuff here was good. The fish n' chips were as good as advertised in most of the posts already listed here. The mac n' cheese was meh though.  Good atmosphere and decent decor. Good service.
When you go in an Irish Pub, you kind of expect beer and ale with your typical Irish fare, such like Shepard's Pie and Fish N Chips.  Yup, that is what you get here.  Small place and you typically have to wait to get in.    Having said that, the Burger was decent and the Fish N Chips was great.  I got the small and it was humongous, but more important hot, crispy and tasty.  I will be coming back just for that.  It's that good.
Good Guinness & Irish coffee
Great food, not bad prices. Steak and eggs delicious. Solid atmosphere and friendly staff.
Pretty good food, very good whiskey selection.  Prices are a bit steep, but it's Vegas on the strip, that is to be expected.
I love the food here. It's always so good and fresh. Also the people here are really nice and kind.
Loved the fun Irish environment, the live entertainment and the yummy food! We got the fish and chips with the mushy peas, the corn beef with cabbage, and a Caesar salad. What a fun night! We really enjoyed the overall experience!
First time customers. I reserved a table in advance so we were seated immediately. Hint: if you want to be in the quieter part if the restaurant, ask to be seated in the back. Loved the decor...consistent with the Irish pub feel. They have a special this month for Guiness...great deal!  The goat cheese appetizer was amazing. I'm not a goat cheese fan but they added cream cheese to minimize the pungent goat taste..and with the condiments, so tasty! I ate most of the dish. Both ordered fish n'chips...regular size. Perfect portion since we got an app first. Fresh cut fries. The fish was perfect and I felt that the tarter sauce wasn't needed. Also ordered dessert..their version of brownie sundae. It was good and not sickly sweet...but wasn't a Wow for me..but I'm a dessert snob.  They give local's discount of 20% which was great but on Fridays it's 40%...we will keep that in mind next time.  I was happy with the value of the food (app, 2 entrees, dessert, 5 drinks) of less than $90 before tip. Service was perfect...thanks Katie! We will definitely be back!
GREAT breakfasts! Even though I was hoping for corned beef hash and eggs, but maybe that's just an Americanized use of corned beef because it wasn't on the menu. I settled for an omelet with corned beef and was super happy with it. My friends got the eggs benedict and the traditional Irish breakfast which were great as well. What impressed me were the little details like Kerry Gold butter for the toast and the coffee comes out in a french press.
Reminiscent of a traditional Irish pub. Food was excellent, staff was kind & courteous and the place warm and inviting. We had salmon (tender and moist), Irish stew (thick and flavorful) and Guinness and Harp - both on draught. Great whiskey selection as well. Music in the evenings a plus.
Finding a really good place to eat in Vegas can be difficult since most businesses on yelp have no less than 4 stars.  Everyone loves everything here! And it's not necessarily because everything is amazing.  I'm guessing it's cause this town is like Disney World for adults and the general temperament is cheery.  We came here for an authentic Irish breakfast and we got it! We sat at the bar and had amazing service from the bar tender.  He was attentive, informative, and friendly.   I hadn't had coffee yet and needed some badly when I saw Irish coffee on the menu. I had never tried one and couldn't think of a better place/time for my first one.  All I can say is WOW! It was delicious.  I don't have anything to compare it to, but I'm pretty sure I've been spoiled with the best Irish Coffee I'll ever try.  It was entirely handcrafted with Powers whiskey, French pressed coffee, and fresh whipped unsweetened cream (I watched him as he whipped it himself). The combination of the cool cream and the warm coffee was amazing. I want another one as I write this.           I ordered the Sausage & Egg Boxty: scrambled eggs with sausage, peppers, and cheddar cheese wrapped in a potato pancake. Hollandaise sauce is poured over the top to finish it off. Yum! The flavors all complimented themselves perfectly and nothing was overpowering.    You can't go wrong coming here... they also have great beer selections and live music at night.  I'll definitely be back here next time I'm in Vegas.
Grilled salmon pub entree with veggies while Hubby had Irish stew cooked in Guinness were both enjoyed thoroughly. We also enjoyed Guinness on tap and Harp. Difficult to find excellent pub food for relatively reasonable prices given the surrounding area!
The spectacular gem is quite possibly our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The food is simply amazing from breakfast to late night. The whiskey selection is unbelievable with a oak bound book for you to peruse the selection.  For dinner the shepards pie is a staple with the banger appetizer standing out. On a lighter side, the guiness mussels are incredibly prepared.  For lunch the lamb rosemary burger is outstanding. For breakfast the Irish Benedict is quite possibly the best I've ever had, and yes I've had a lot. To top it off every Friday locals get 40% off food... I'll be there Friday!
Three stars for the fish (not the chips) in the fish & chips, the mushy peas, and the servers who work their asses off.  The potato cakes are tasty enough, but the sausage rolls were downright nasty. Evocative of Costco. If you go deep enough into the restaurant you can begin to shed the airport/cheap mall ambiance that rules the entire Mandalay casino complex.
Best fish in a fish and chips I ever had. Fries are average, but batter was just right on a huge portion of perfectly cooked fish.
This is one of the best deals in the Mandalay Bay complex, so put it on your list as a good value, good eats place to go during your stay. They also have breakfast and is a better alternative to the pricey Citizens American Kitchen or Starbucks.  We went to Ri Ra for breakfast, and it has good coffee and a solid array of breakfast items that won't break the bank.  As a group, we ordered the American breakfast, French toast, steak and eggs, the sausage and egg boxty, and a bacon, egg, and cheese.  Everyone was satisfied with the quality and quantity of their meals, as well as the friendly, efficient service.  I wish I knew about this place a few days ago.
I love this pub. The vintage decor outside is what lured me inside. Sadly, I couldn't buy any of it because I wanted my apartment to look like this pub!  While in Vegas, I kept returning to this bar even though I wasn't staying anywhere near it. It was a real Irish pub and it was amazing.  Definitely my favorite spot in Vegas!
My Welsh wife and I BOTH agree... The fish and chips are phenomenal!!  This is a very cozy place with multiple bars and rooms, usually live music happening and not-so-bad strip prices.  Located between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, it's convenient even to locals like us.  They have all the key brews like Smithwicks, Newcastle, etc.  and a great menu of AUTHENTIC english food (they even have BOTH Cottage pie AND Shepherds pie).  We plan to make this a regular place we visit...
Great food, huge portions and nice staff. My girlfriends and I went to Vegas on a girls trip and ended up hungry late one night. We were welcomed into RiRa and were beyond pleased with the food! The "small" fish and chips is massive, and barely fit on one plate! The chicken burger was packed full of flavor and the sweet grapefruit cocktail was my favorite.
Food was pretty good.  I'd come back again.
There prime rib is the best I ever had.  Fun place to hang out and great happy hour. The manger is so nice and staff is very passionate n friendly. . Great local specials too.
Awesome pub - feels like you took a piece of Ireland and plopped it on the Strip!  Bartenders are friendly and there is live music all week.  Great place to meet new friends and just hang out.
Strolled upon this pub a few years ago...last August on my most recent trip out there we stopped by for a quick drink before seeing Michael Jackson's THE ONE.... it was the best Guinness we've ever had. We made it a point to stop by the next day for another great Guinness and try the food. We had the sausage rolls appetizers and split a burger. The sauce for the sausage rolls was really good. The burger was just right....not too dry nor greasy it was perfect.   What made the lunch visit better was the bartender remembered us from the night before. Which made us happy since it was a Saturday night the night before and we were there for just one drink. That just tells you they pay attention to the customers.  The next day (Monday) before heading back to LA i had to stop and get another order of sausage rolls half a burger and a Guinness. I even took an order of sausage rolls to go and ate them periodically on the way home.   Ever since having the Guinness my boyfriend and I can't stop thinking about it. We will be heading back in the next week and its the first stop for us :) I can't wait to have my fresh beer with my sausage s and burger.
RiRa has breakfast Mon-Fri 8-11 which may sound early after a long night of clubbing, but trust me, your hung-over self will be glad that you did.  You can even start off your breakfast right--with an Irish coffee.  I'm not sure what type of cream they use, but the combination of the cool cream, warm coffee, and kick from the whiskey made my heart sing.  Seriously, I wish I could have one of those EVERY day....work would be so much more pleasant.  I ordered the boxty, which is essentially a potato pancake lovingly wrapped around sausage & eggs and topped with some serious hollandaise sauce.  Breakfast of champions.  I've only had breakfast here, but if their other meals are anything like the one I had, I'll definitely be back.
I don't just give it 5 stars I give it 10 stars whoever comes try the hamburger with curry sauce it was awesome
Had a mini Vegas get away this weekend...and ever since my trip to the pub last year its alli think about. We at there 3 days in a row of our 4 day trip. The first night we took some family with us to eay and they really enjoyed the food. The oniom rings were fresh onions. Someone in our party got the mac and cheese with chicken it was so good.   The next morning  we went back to eat for an early lunch. They open @ 8am for breakfast! I originally wanted sausage rolls but it was still breakfast time. I got the cream cheese bagel in the mean time. I think they bake the bagels there fresh it was great.   On our last trip to the pub we got the Guinness BBQ burger. Once again fresh food.
Great Irish Pub located between Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  They have lots of Irish drafts and cuisine. The price is on par with everything else on the strip, youre looking at between $15 and $30 min person. We had a great waiter and there was no wait around dinner time.
Now this is amazing Irish food. Seems like the staff are all Irish too. You get the authentic vibe here. The food is cooked to perfection. I have never been dissatisfied with Ri Ra. I highly recommend this place to try at least once in Vegas!
Simply, this place is great. The service is nice and friendly. Managers will drift by, check on you, recommend a dish, and just have a personal chat, if you like. Let them know how they are doing. They will make anything amiss right again. I got lucky with my food and waitress. The lamb burger, sweet potato chips, and pastry wrapped banger sausages were delicious. Their whiskey menu is extensive compared to most bars. The live music is what you may expect, loud and bending every note. If I survive 'til 4am I'll still be back for breakfast. Cheers!
Why haven't I come here sooner?  I'm always looking for a place on the strip that serves big portions of real food, I don't always want fancy.  This place is the answer.  Hands down best pub food in the city.  Shepards pie, fish and chips, curry, I want to try more of the menu.  Big portions  The band when I was there was two gentlemen playing acoustic and singing their lungs out.  Such talents, the whole restaurant was loving it.  Steer clear if you don't like loud places btw.    A must see if you are looking for high energy and want to leave full, another hidden gem in Mandalay bay.
Came here for a random snack and drink. The Irish coffee was amazing. I'm not a huge whiskey fan but I could've chugged it, it was delicious. We got the smoked salmon and the baked cheese dip. It was all amazing. Really happy with our stop here.
A friend who lives in Vegas told us to go here. I'm a huge fan of Irish pubs and ri ra definitely ranks at the top of ones I've been to. The food is spectacular. We ordered the scotch eggs and they were the best I've ever eaten. The baked goat cheese was very flavorful as well. I think we are going back tomorrow to try the fish and chips. I suggest going when the band is playing after 8:45 pm. They played traditional Irish songs as well as popular music. I know I will miss this place when I'm back in Cleveland!
One of my go to places for Fish and Chips in Las Vegas. I haven't tried anything else here except for drinks of course, they do have a well stocked bar...after all, it is an Irish Pub! Service  has always been friendly and we never had to wait long even when they are busy. Friday nights locals get 40% off their bill!  So back to the fish n chips. Fish is moist, batter is crispy, not greasy. Chips are golden, nice potato taste with a bit crisping at edges. Perfect. So that's my 2 cents.
Superb food, exemplary customer service, design is authentically Irish. Ask for the waitress Joy...she's amazing :) If you want to have a wedding reception here it's a really good time as well! The craic is grand at Ri Ra!
Maybe it was the cider talking, or the fact that I have been on an Irish kick lately, but I truly enjoyed my meal at Ri Ra.  The waitress was very helpful with a killer accent.  The soda bread was excellent and I could have eaten more but didn't want to fill up. I had the potato cakes appetizer which was two large cakes with a vinaigrette sauce.  It was very tasty, it could have been a little crisper, but it did have a light fluffy texture.  For my main course I had the fish and chips.  The fish was light and flaky and the coating was crisp.  You only get one piece of fish but it was a decent size and after the ceasar salad, soda bread and  potato cakes, it was more than enough.  The fries were about the only negative about the meal, limp and soggy.    Ri Ra was a nice surprise and was a good place to watch the hockey games.
The food is pretty standard fare for an Irish Pub. Our server was really accommodating and friendly. I would say the only thing I really couldn't justify returning for is the price.
I. Love. This. Place. Right down to the decor. I was in Vegas for a conference and had stopped by The Shoppes at Mandalay to see the hat shop across the way. We came here for breakfast first and was delighted at this gem.   It took a minute for us to get a table although no one was there. I think we went when they were still trying to work the kinks out of serving breakfast (they were advertising outside that they were "NOW OPEN FOR BREAKFAST!").   I ordered the Full Irish - A proper fry up - 2 eggs, Irish sausages & rashers, black & white pudding, grilled tomato, sauted mushrooms, beans, toast - It was AMAZING. I've never had black and white pudding, but for the record, it's not the sweet kind of pudding. It's BETTER. It was this savory, textural, explosion of flavor. Amazing. And by the way, the coffee is done in a french press. At your table. If you so please, it can be poured for you after properly steeped or you can pour to your desired steep. Nice touch. I like.  My colleague got the Kilcullen Omelette and swears up and down that he's never had a better omelette. Take note, he's never had brisket before in his life and brisket can go horribly wrong so easily. Props to Ri Ra for making him a believer.   Our waitress was a doll. Loved her to death. She was so accommodating and profusely apologized at their lack of condiments - though we didn't need them. She went above and beyond to get us ketchup and offered compote because they were out of jam. For the love of all, I wish I knew her name. She was amazing.  Going back to Vegas soon. This will definitely be one of my stops. :)
What a fun venue!!   Great food, try the fries and curry appetizer.  Fish and chips, shepherds pie and bangers and mash were our favorite.  We were greeted with a ton of Irish charm, but our waitress Sara made the evening a blast!   She knew just want to recommend and attended to everything with an amazing smile!   Visit here and enjoy the ambiance, the great food and drink and finish with one if their amazing selections of Irish based whiskey.  Great selection!  Cheers!
First time here. My husband chose the Full Irish breakfast and I had the buttermilk pancakes. Both were outstanding. Average prices but large quantity of food. We would definitely return the next time I Vegas. A bit noisy but after all it is an Irish pup n that is part of the fun. May come back this evening for some Irish music.
Amazing food and ambiance.  Had the prime rib with Guinness au jus.   Did not disappoint.  Will definitely be back..... As promised I went back.  This time had the fish and chips.  They again were great.  Also had their clams appetizer with some Guinness sauce that had some other awesome ingredient in it...perhaps angels tears but I can't be sure.   Great food and excellent prices for their location...and Smithwicks on tap.  Done!!
You cannot go wrong with the sausage rolls and the goat cheese appetizers!! They never disappoint. Ri Ra offers a happy hour during the week until 6 pm. The breakfast is okay and only subpar at best. They play rugby and soccer games ( just call ahead to see if they have your game ). Special discount for locals on Friday!
I went to Ri Ra because I had a 15% discount with the Vegas Bite Card.  I sat at the bar and enjoyed myself.  The bar tender was from Ireland, which was a nice touch (I spend some time teaching in Ireland so I really enjoyed talking to this guy about the country).  I had a pub burgher which was excellent.  I also had one of their summer Pear Hard Ciders which was very good.  Prices were reasonable.  I would recommend Ri Ra if you like Irish pubs!
this evening in the special of the day had crab salad .. I have to say really excellent combination of crab with relish .. congratulations very good, the 'only thing maybe the music a bit too loud, but excellent food and service ..
Quick Look: Really authentic Irish pub located in a shopping mall situated between the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. As a person of Irish descent from NY who frequented Irish Pubs, this spot reminds me of the many classic and lively neighborhood Irish bars found in the Northeast (USA).   In Depth Look: I never had a bad time at this pub. Was skeptical and paid no attention when they first opened. As a local, many of these so called authentic Irish pubs seem to fall flat and close as fast as they open. I met friends one night before the sold out Iron Maiden concert at Mandalay Bay to "pre-game" and the place was packed out wall to wall with concert goers in a festive mood. This is the best pre-party and after-party spot for any rock concert at the Mandalay Bay. Beer and Whiskey shots are pushed across the bar in bulk and they certainly do their best to keep you hydrated.   The Irish bands keep the mood festive and up-tempo. Not unusual to see people up dancing with beer in hand. This is a loud, live music bar and people are drinking (excessively). So not exactly a good place to bring the kids or your granny. If you want quiet request a table in the back or look elsewhere. If you want to have fun, get spirited and avoid the bottle service driven clubs - than this might be your place!     Our server was a pretty girl imported from Ireland. Had great food. Recommend the Fish and Chips as it's obviously a big seller and quite popular here. Took away a star because I remember having to wait a very long time to get the food when this place was flooded with people after the concert. Also took away another star as the casino range price-point was a bit excessive IMO. It's a pub and the price points could be a bit more affordable. As a local I might frequent the establishment more if was more affordable and made sense. Locals friendly deal would be a great selling point for them to attract more business (if they need it).   Summary: Happy to go back and recommend it for friends who visit and want to go to a bar and eat tasty pub food. Hands down the best and most authentic Irish Pub in Las Vegas, NV.
Real deal. Nice folks, happy hour with live music and half price appetizers too! Nice people and can't beat the service. Ate 2 doors down at burger bar and sorry I did. Will be back next time here!
Agree with what others said about the ambience - very authentic Irish pub.  It must be a job requirement to speak with an Irish accent.  Service was generally good.  We started with the sausage rolls, which were outstanding.  The pastry was just like my grandmother used to make.  For our mains I had the lamb sandwich and the husband had the fish and chips.  My lamb was mostly tasty, but there was one piece in there that was thick and really, really tough, which made it hard to enjoy.  The husband said the fish and chips were fine - the fish came out as one huge single filet, as opposed to being cut up in pieces.  I can appreciate why they serve it in just one piece, but did make it a bit unwieldy to eat.  Sadly enough, the drinks were what let the experience down for us.  The husband had the Lagunitas IPA (I know, you're supposed to go for Irish beer.  But the husband doesn't like Irish beer) and it was flat.  I ordered their pink lemonade (Citron, chambord and pink lemonade) which was quite nice, but when I was less than a quarter of the way through my drink, I picked up my glass to take a sip and the bottom dropped out of the glass, splashing my drink and glass bits all over the table and me.  The staff (and neighbouring patrons) helped me wipe most of liquid off me and moved us to another table while the manager got me a new drink.  However, we got a quick apology and nothing more.  We didn't ask for anything, but we've been comped at least for a drink when anything similar has happened to us at other places.  A bit disappointing for customer service.
Was there on Saturday night 6/14/14 and the food and atmosphere was pretty darn authentic, however the icing on the cake and what made the Ri Ra perfect was our server Sinead!   We were a group of 10 people and we all wanted to take her back with us. Ri Ra should be so very lucky to have a server that loves her job! I used to be a waiter (12 years) and Sinead  was THE BEST. She took amazing care of us and showed us her heart in the hour we were in her section.   If you go to Ri Ra's you must sit with her. Thank you for an amazing dining experience =)
RiRa is a chain. I've been to the one in Evansville, Indiana and Louisville, KY. Vegas is the best one, hands down. I've gone to this location several times- the decor is very authentic- I love the room that looks like a living room, it's very cute and comfortable. Sara H, my bartender on several occasions, is a pure joy. She consistently gives great service even when the place is packed wall to wall and is very attentive and SO funny!! An overall great experience with a great bartender! Also, the food is a few steps above "normal" bar food - it's authentic and delicious!
really authentic irish grub... boy does vegas do it right or what... shepards pie is a wonderful minced lamb and really authentic.. little disappointed with the chicken curry.. was looking for that traditional yellow/green pasty sauce and instead got more of a light darker gravy and chicken was not tender.. listen to me !!! spoiled rotten... run dont walk.. terrific homemade brown bread and kerrygold butter...
We had our "reception" (after wedding) dinner here! We had an amazing time with our friends and family and loved the food and drinks!! We were thrilled with the service and all if our guests were "wow'ed" by the food and good sized portions!   After enjoying food and drinks we went to the stage area with the live band! The band was amazing and we had the most fun we've had dancing at a bar!! We never imagined our night we be so over the top perfect and something everyone who attended is still talking about!!   We would recommend this restaurant to anyone for any event...even if it just to eat! :)
Went here for Husband's birthday dinner.  We were greeted by the hostess and manager and they were very nice and friendly.  We got seating for 7 fairly quickly.  Live music was playing and it is a generally fun atmosphere.  I love the decor in this restaurant/pub.  One of our group said the bartender was great as well.  Food was pretty good.  Potato Leek soup was awesome.  I also ordered bacon wrapped BBQ shrimp which were pretty good.  Friends ordered shepherds pie which, was good for them, Scottish Eggs, and the meatloaf sandwich.  No one complained about their food or said anything negative.  The manager even gave my husband a free Jameson shot for his birthday!  Overall I would eat here again.
I think the drinks were like buying really expensive beers and well drinks.  Fun pale though, not sure we'd return anytime soon.
Bummer...  My step dad really likes this place for his power lunches, so we finally came with the whole family. He ordered his favorite thing (sausage rolls) " a must have!" He says....10 minutes later the manager comes over and says they don't have them prepped yet in the kitchen, "it's too early", uhhhh it was 1:00! Don't have it on your LUNCH menu if it won't be ready till dinner. My husband and I are both chefs here in town and I coulda gone back there and done it in 5 minutes! How hard is it to wrap some dough around an order of sausage?   Mussels appetizer- mom gave me a bite, and lucky me got a  rotten mussel which I spit out into a napkin and smelled up the whole table so bad, I had to put the plate with one mussel on it on the table next to us. I'm pregnant and this really was horrifying.   House salad with blue cheese dressing- dressing tastes like it came from a bottle of wishbone   Fish n chips- gross! Tarter sauce can't be home made, incredibly thick and overly  sweet, I had to add 3 lemon wedges to one ramekin to make it "edible"   Reuben- sister ordered it with sweet potato fries which turned out to be over cooked and brown sweet potato chips. I'm sorry but when your menu says fries, people want fries, there's a huge difference. She said the sandwich was good though.   Volcanic wings- the highlight of the meal, nice and crispy but hardly volcanic. Again, home made dressings is where it's at and this place doesn't seem to have it.
I tried this relatively new spot the last time I was in Vegas, and being a lover of Irish pubs, I was excited to try this place out. It did not disappoint, and is now my favorite Irish pub in the Vegas area.  The first thing that jumped out at me was the fun and festive atmosphere. It has it's entrance right from the Mandalay hotel, and the Guinness store is right next door, which is cool. The restaurant has a nice, intimate feel, and you instantly feel comfortable here. I love the way the restaurant is appointed, and it has an intimate feel that is not "corporate" in style.   They always seem to have great live entertainment here, and if you're looking for Irish music and entertainment, this is the place to come.   The service here is also great! The bartenders all seem to be Irish! It doesn't get much more authentic than that! They have a great beer selection, and the staff had good expertise. It all makes for a great experience when you eat/drink here.
Visiting vegas and decided to eat here after walking by it shopping the other day. Definitely glad we did. It's tied for best food we have eaten in vegas so fsr!
A little out of the way, but if you're looking for a pub like atmosphere, this is your place!  All the employees have Irish accents (at least the ones I spoke to). For some reason, this is an attraction in itself. Perhaps it gives it a sense of authenticity, perhaps I've always fantasized about going to Ireland and meeting a red head, or perhaps it makes me feel they are alcohol experts by default, but no matter what the reason, I loved the accents.  CAUTION: Do not order the whiskey sampler for breakfast!!! The thing is described as three shots of various whiskeys for 8 dollars. I assumed since it was only 8 dollars, the shots must be 1/3 to 1/2 of a full shot. They were pretty much full shots. On top of this, I also ordered a Bushmills Honey shot, which was delicious.   4 shots for breakfast later, I ordered 2 pints of "something red." I regret that I do not know the name of this beer, but it was also delicious. It was the beer on tap on the far left side of the bar that's closest to the bathroom at the time of writing.
Good happy hour, friendly staff, price is affordable. Scottish egg is very good, burgers are great. Classic pub boisterous environment. Worth it - go.
One can always be a bit on the fence when it comes to finding an "authentic" institution in the land of the reinvention--aka Vegas, but I was pleasantly surprised with Ri Ra.  The decor and atmosphere smacked of fairly traditional Irish pubs--warm woods and inviting paint colors--with the only difference being the sky-high ceiling height.  Food was solid and decently priced.  I'll always like a spot that has Smithwicks on tap.  Service was great, too.  Would recommend this spot for anyone trolling the Strip.
Decent spot for lunch at mandalay place. Food was fine but overpriced. wife had the goat cheese salad....my son had a cheeseburger...I had a reuben. no complaints. everything was decent. service was sluggish..waiter was nice but seemed over extended. Its pleasant enough inside..can get very crowded. most folks probably come here for the beer and drinks...we can't comment on those. Seems like an A-OK spot to dine while taking a gambling break at either mandalay or Luxor.
A must visit for a taste of curry and chips. We spent a great time with friends and family one evening and loved everything about the place. We stuck with nibbles and beer and it was fantastic. The curry and chips were addictive and the beer was brought quickly and often - what is not to like about that ! The staff was a hoot and had plenty of personality to handle the group of ruffians they were waiting on. I had a great time and will be back.
well in general it did'nt float my boat i thought the menu especially the happy hour apps were boring. They had a decent selection of beers on tap  and the dude behind the bar was very congenial, I did have a burg and fries which I thought were good but for some reason the place leaves me cold like the english weather.
My English hubby and I were delighted to find a good British place by our house. We were not fans of Molly Brannigans so we were skeptical. To our surprise the food was really good. My husband loved the fish and chips served with haddock as it should be and the cottage pie was supper yummy. We also did the app of curry and chips - again served the proper British way. The bar had a great selection of beers including cider. It has been the best proper British food we have found in Mesa, Gilbert area. I recommend it.
Tonight EVFN (East Valley Friday Night) was held here and I have to say... I had some really good liver and onions.   The liver was thinner than I'm used to but I really enjoyed it.   The yorkshire pudding was good and the waiter recommended a side of rice that was really good.  I had a taste of their Cottage Pie and it was good too.   I love different types of food and this is nice place to sit have a few beers and just chill.    Oh our waiter Brandon, Rocked!  He apologized for the delay and not getting to us right away but he was wonderful. I recommend this place if you are looking for something out of the ordinary for Phoenix and surrounding areas.
Not as good as Molly Brannigan's, but a decent pub none the less.
First visit last night and I'll be back.   Our #evfn group had been invited to meet here this week, and there was a whole room set aside just for us. Service people Brandon and Ashley were cheerful and hopping the whole time. We tend to migrate/socialize table to table and they did an excellent job keeping up with the movement.  I had the chicken pie and a generous side salad and couldn't finish it all. And although they didn't carry my usual Strongbow, the Blackthorn cider was excellent.   I expect this stop to become a regular.
Met up with the #evfn group here on Friday night.  The group was fun but the venue not so much.  Most of the food was good but not outstanding, and the veggies I got were burnt and so was the roll.  Service was slow and spotty.  We had to ask for things several times, and then to get stuck with a gratuity on top of it was the final straw.  Maybe next time they will get it right, but so far I'm not impressed.
After reading the reviews I went here last night. Overall it was a great experience. We planned to sit inside but within 10 seconds knew it was going to be too loud. So outside it was - from there it was perfect to listen to the band (Beatles covers - very good) and it really added to the atmosphere. The misters did bother me were the misters - I love them but they do tend to get everything wet, including the food. I was cringing as the drops fell on the yorkshire pudding ... couldn't eat it fast enough! Plus they kept blowing in my face and on my purse - the whole empty right side of the table. We both ordered the fish and it came very quickly - they should pace the serving a bit, because the appetizer wasn't finished and I had the salad left to go - ended up packing both. However the fish was awesome - and so big - I was flabbergasted. Ate maybe a third of it. Also loved the pear cider - so much so I'm going looking for it today. Surprised my husband, as I've never liked beer or similar drinks ... Server very nice, as was the manager who was also checking tables - a nice touch. Nice location, walking area, shops, etc. but I was surprised (and a bit saddened) to see it so empty on a Saturday - any ideas why? Will definitely go again.
Oh Molly, Oh Molly, where art thou Oh Molly. We've only tried this place ponce since the closure of Molly Braniganns. Not much has changed except for poor food. The atmosphere is still about the same. You do get an English bar feel when inside, but the food has gone south. If you're out for drinks only and can take advantage of their happy hour, it might be for you.
I like this place.  I was with the previously mentioned group of EVFN'ers. We can be a loud, obnoxious group at times and we tend to keep servers confused by playing musical chairs.  But Brandon was cool, he even handled the people hassling him about his shoes with ease. (And seriously, his shoes? Who cares?). Ashley was excellent, and pretty easy on the eyes too. Of course that shouldn't really matter, but it does...  I had the Haddock fish and chips, which was *excellent*. I wasn't sure what to do with the curry stuff that came with it but damn, anything with curry and whole chunks of garlic has got to be fabulous. I just ate it with a fork and dipped my fish in it. Whether I did that right or not, it was delightful.  A decent (though not overwhelming) beer selection. Pub-like atmosphere, good food, good service. What's not to like?
Update from this friday. Awesome band again, but really loud - conversation's just impossible anywhere after they start. I also forgot to mention that this place introduced me to pear cider, which I always will remember and thank it for. But anyway, we went for the all-you-can-eat fish fry, which once again was excellent. I also really like the fries here - better flavor than almost anywhere I've tried. I made the mistake though of skipping the fish and trying the newly-added pasty. Cheese, onion and potato in case you're interested. However, all I could see and taste was potato inside. I managed a few bites and then sat there depressed while good fish was being consumed all around me. And my conscience wouldn't let me grab it. After a bit, Ashley came by and so nicely agreed to bring me a piece of fish instead. If you read this, thank you! That saved my night. Just finished the leftovers yesterday and am already missing them ... Can't wait till fall to sit out and listen to the band ...
Preparing for an upcoming trip to Ireland, I decided to stop by a pub for lunch - and Shakespeare's is the closest one I know. I have driven past it before, but never stopped. Just past noon on a Saturday it was mostly empty. The host gave me my choice of bar, low top or high top. I selected the high top and was escorted to the back room, alone and in the somewhat dimly lit corner. Just to my liking!  The waiter kept calling my "boss", which I liked and accepted as recognition of my powerful appearance rather than the sarcastic method of calling a bald person "curly" or a short person "stretch"...  I started with a nice, cold Smithwick's ale. I ordered the cod fish and chips with mushy peas - and to my surprise it arrived very quickly. The meal included fries and two pieces of fish. The first piece was a good size and very tasty - crisp outside, tender and flaky inside. Looking down at the second piece - holy cow! Grabbing it I felt as if I just reeled in a whooper on the Bass Masters Tour. That baby was 13" long - and I know what 13" looks like...I wear a 13" shoe...look at the size of the fish compared to the large pint glass in the photo. Impressive!  Needless to say, I couldn't finish the second piece of fish and left half of the fries. The restaurant was nice and quiet in the back, but I am sure it fills up when bands are there, karaoke and maybe trivia night - but for a quiet Saturday where one is looking for dimly lit solitude and a nice ale, this did the job.
Went there for lunch with my mom, who is from England.  A lot of great choices and great atmosphere.  Try the Cornish Pasty, it was great and just like mom used to make, that is if your mom is from the UK.
The English are known for many great and wonderful things, unfortunately the culinary arts isn't one of them.  Certain Pub items are, however, a decent option for those looking for an English like ambiance to watch a  soccer game or something.  We were fans of the old Molly Brannigan's.  We were sad to see it close its doors.  We were somewhat amused when the Irish flag was taken down and replaced with a Union Jack.  We were hesitant to visit at first for fear of being there when the IRA exacted revenge.  (J/K)  We finally visited the pub and found that the ambiance and menu were very similar to Molly's.  The Fish and Chips are almost as good and very flavorful.  Some of the traditional British items, however, were downright boring and insipid.  But I blame that more on the British culture then the folks at the restaurant who are trying to breathe life into these dishes.  The Yorkshire pudding is downright comical.  Whoever created that dish should be given an award for creating the most uninspiring item since beans and rice.  All in all a decent place.  Pretty good food and a good place to gather and watch a game.
This place is not bad if you're a fan of traditional English fare, which I'm not, but I was hungry and it was open and nearby. We sat outside on the patio which was fabulous.  Our waiter was nice and prompt. The drinks were not on the menu, but I ordered a chocolate milk and my roomie ordered a Dr. Pepper. There also was no dessert on the menu.  Their price point is right around $10 and I was looking for a $5 meal. Ah! Well, it was open and nearby. Haha  So I ended up getting the cheddar cheese, onion and mashed potatoe cornish pasty and my roommate ordered the chicken pie with the Bubble and Squeek which is potatoes, cabbage and onions.  My cornish pasty was DELICIOUS, the crust was perfect, the cheesy was a melted goodness, and mashed potatoes were yummy. MMM mm MM  Our meals were a bit on the heavy side, my roommate brought half of hers home in fact.  Anyway, good English meal if you like that sort of thing. No complaints.
To cap off a night in the east valley (what the hell is wrong with me?) we stopped at Shakespeare's.   The first thing I noticed is the obviously Irish motif. Celtic writing on the walls, mostly Irish feel, and even some Irish specialties on the menu. The restaurant, however, is supposed to be an English pub???? I understand this is the old Molly Brennigan's and they bought it, so I ask why not either keep it an Irish pub, or if you want an English Pub, remodel it?  Anyway, they had one guy working, and the place was full of soda drinking, apparently underage mormon girls singing bad disney songs on karaoke. I wanted to leave but my friend who lived in the area said it was the only choice around. Ok, I'll stick it out, we can make it fun.   When after the first round, we didn't see the bartender for upwards of 20 minutes, we took it upon ourselves to grab our own beers, and got our money out and still planned on paying the $4 per beer AND leaving him a tip just to keep him happy. He must have seen us during his karaoke escapades because he ran over and told us to leave. I reminded him (I was sober) that I told him I'd get my own beer if he didn't come back and he politely said ok. I didn't know it was illegal and I took him seriously when he said it was fine. Oh well, this place is bad service and a confused identity. Teach me to go out in Mesa, right?
this place does what it was designed to do: get you drunk. which is just fine by me. located in a classier strip mall, this place is actually surprisingly large when you walk inside. decked out in the usual "we are trying to be an irish pub but fail miserably" decor, this place has all the guinness and harp signs on the walls that you will ever need.   service was friendly and fast and the bartendress even drew shamrocks in the foam of the guinnesses with the tap. the music act left much to be desired but the drunk cougars falling on their asses provided much entertainment. i also noted that this place shows EPL games. bonus!
Stopped in the first time a few months back to see The Insomniacs perform.  Service was less than desirable but the place was busy so I let it pass.  The 14oz. beers they call "Pints" were also a little disheartening when I got the bill & discovered how much I was paying for them.   Decided to give it another try last week & was even more disapointed than on the 1st visit.  We sat down at a table and ordered drinks with the lunch special cottage pie.  The place was almost empty and the service was still terrible!  Never saw our server again! We decided to move to the bar for better service, which was much better.  Despite better service at the bar, our food took 45min. to arrive, and arrived cold.   I asked to speak to a manager the bartender identified as Sean.  As you might guess he never came by.  He did however walk by a few times giving us strange looks?  The bartender said he was also cooking/busy & that he wasn't very good at it.  OK!  The place gets 2 Stars for the nice ambiance and a good beer selection, even if the glasses are only 14oz.   They obviously put ALOT of money into building the place. How about the food, service & a REAL pint of beer?  We live fairly close to Shakespears & might come more often if they got on their game.
I will start this by saying I have not actually ever been to an English Pub - but I have been out to eat pretty much everywhere!  I took my Gram and 2 daughters here for some lunch on a Wednesday.  The awesome: *the bar is beautiful and the decore is really cool.  Neat mismatched chairs, tables and benches.   *the food!  We shared a Mediterranean salad and Braised Beef & Ale with bubble & squeak, one daughter had the mashed taters & gravy and the other had a cheeseburger & fries.  The fries were SO good!  I cannot wait to go back and order the fish & chips.  I can only imagine how delish they would be.  The braised beef was beyond good and my daughter raved about the mashed potatoes (apparently they were the best she has ever had, period.)  The salad was large and the grilled chicken was flavorful. *the price!  We got out of there for under $30!  nice! *the server was super friendly and wonderful.  Not too chatty but enough to be friendly and establish rapport quickly. *the water - sounds silly, I know.  But my Gram commented on how you could tell it was filtered and not plain ol' nasty AZ tap water.  If it makes Gram happy - I'm happy.  The OK: Took awhile for the food to come out - but it was totally worth it!  I cant wait to bring hubby back to meet up some friends for drinks & food!  What a great, casual hang out!
Went in with a buddy for an after work drink.  I was really looking forward to a good beer.   The beer menu offered some interesting choices, however not as expansive as I was hoping for.
Scotch eggs!
I used to frequent this place when it was Molly Brannigans, and enjoyed the great service. The food was well priced, and the place was always fairly busy.   When it changed to Shakespeare's I was curious and stopped in. To my dismay the food was more expensive, and the service was lacking. I ordered my usual (fish and chips, and a couple bears) and was happy with the food, and not so happy with the price.   Fast forward to tonight, Me and my Fiance decided to try it again, as we had a event that called for some celebration. We walk in to see a white piece of paper with "Bathrooms for Customers Only" sign on the nice door.   We then entered at waited at the hostess stand for a good 7-10 minutes. The bar tender seen us, but ignored us and was more interested in talking to two women at the bar. Finally a hostess/waitress sat us.   We waited another ten minutes or so and I observed that she was the only waitress working, and she also had about 5-6 other tables (with parties of 2 or 4) to attend to. In addition she was the hostess.   I asked her if she was the only waitress working, and she confirmed. We then thanked her, and stated we would go elsewhere.   I guess the important lesson here is that in a "down economy" raising prices on the same food that was available at the same place, just with a different name, and skimping on customer service is a bad decision when your best menu items are priced moderately. If I go to a place to eat, and the meal it going to run me upwards of 45-50 dollars, I expect service to match. Once again I was sorely disappointed given the past great experiences I have had when it was Mollys. I will not attempt to eat here again, there are places that value their customers, and are more eager to deliver a pleasant experience.
Formerly Shakespear's Pub, now The Harp.  Great beer selection and not overly pricey for the beers that they have on tap.  The bar tending staff is friendly and very knowledgeable.  Has plenty of outdoor seating as well.
Sunday night dinner. After Christmas and shopping, not very crowded, we had an entire room, six tables, to ourselves since we asked for a quiet table. It's next to Barnes & Noble, so the location is perfect for me.  Don't usually go to pubs because pub grub is usually heavier than I like. And sadly, I don't drink much anymore. But I had drunk some stellar beer the week before, and wanted to have some more.  We had 2 kinds of beer on tap, and one was slightly better than the other, and the food was better than most pubs I've been to.  When we arrived, we were told at least three times in three minutes that the host would be right there.  He was, and started bringing us to the back, but he was stopped by a waitress who reminded him that we wanted a quiet place, and the front room was empty. Our waitress was very good; cheery, competent, but not annoying.   The menu is small, and has mostly British dishes on it.  Hubs had the Traditional Sunday Roast, and it was delicious. He kept raving about the gravy. I had the Fish and Chips, with cod, and they were cooked exceptionally well. The fish was heavily battered but grease free. Hubs saw a pool of something on my plate and asked if it was oil? Nope! It was juice. The two pieces were @ 12 inches long, and I couldn't finish the second piece. The fries...ah, the fries...heaven. Probably why I couldn't finish the fish. The cole slaw was an afterthought, and the only let-down. Next time I'll remember to ask for the curry sauce instead and I'll try the haddock. And the cider.
Harp is the new name of what used to be Shakespeare's Pub. We had the all-you-can-eat fish fry on Friday night (cod is offered on this special; not haddock). We asked for "lite breading" so we could have some fish with our fry. It was pretty good. Much better than what Shakespeare's offered. Really like their beer selection! Very nice. Service was much better also. Hope they keep us their quality food & service offerings. I'll be going back for another try!
Really disappointed about this place.  My girlfriend and I were looking forward to this restaurant mainly because they sell Scottish (Celtic) eggs and it's close to where I live. However, let me say that this was the worst service I've ever received at a restaurant. After we ordered our food, I mentioned to the server the yelp discount and he just said "ok", and that was the last we saw of him. Some else brought out our food which wasn't nearly as great as the previous reviews claimed.  We waited over 30 minutes after we had finished eating and just wanted the bill. He would occasionally look in our direction and then walk away. We watched a table of 4 come in after us, get their food and check and left before us. We finally flagged over a waitress to at least get our check. We complained how bad our server was and she didn't have anything nice to say about that particular server either.  It was truly a disappointing experience. Probably never go back there again.
For those who were fans of The Harp's previous incarnations - Molly Brannigans and Shakespeare's - you'll find the same pub atmosphere and pub grub.  My only complaint is the Friday afternoon that my friend and I stopped by for a couple of drinks, they seemed very under-staffed.  We had to wait for the initial drink and food order and refills had to be expressly asked for by flagging down our waiter.  The staff's friendliness made up for the wait.
This pub is great! The food is good the beer selection is large. Prices are fair.
I would not suggest this place to anyone. I went here with a group of friends, and afterwards we all felt sick for the next day even though we had all ordered something different. On top of that, our waiter was not very interested in having us be there. We ran out of drinks, had our order taken wrong, and while we were waiting forever to get our check I went to go to the restroom and she was sitting at a table eating with one of the other waiters. And this was on a Friday at 6:30pm.
Service was not good at the beginning but that has changed greatly. I am a big fan of the live music venue!
Service was slow (or at least the kitchen was) and when the server indicated that this "wasn't McDonald's" and promised food worth the wait he may have bit off more than he could chew...  The ambiance was traditional Irish pub. The food was OK. Sadly, can't offer a more enthusiastic endorsement. It's true: it wasn't McDonald's...
This pub is now an Irish Pub. The fish n chips was heavy and oily and I could have made my sandwich better at home.  I think this is the third or fourth change for this pub. Can't understand why a place with good location, good beer and possibilities of good food keep failing. Maybe it's because the food doesn't match.
Molly Brannigans, Shakespeare's Pub, and recently The Harp.  Same layout, same high prices, just never satisfying.  I don't think either the UK or Irish theme is working at this location, not sure why but the place just doesn't have any energy.  The food is heavy and the drinks are ok but overpriced.  I'm not sure what would work - perhaps a completely new makeover. A high end sports bar would be a welcome departure.
The staff here is rude. I go there maybe once a month because my bf likes going there. So it's usually on a Friday night. There is one rude female bartender that acts so put off when someone wants to order a beer. Also, if your windows connecting the patio to the bar are broken, FIX THEM!!! You often feel ignored when you're here and trying to unwind from the week over some beers. All in all, it's just a horrible location for a bar. You can't see it from the road, plus the fact that it's changed business names three times now. Molly Brannigan's, then Shakespeare's, now The Harp. What's it gonna be called next? Ha! Oh and the bands are extremely WAY too loud. Especially if we're on the patio and the windows are closed because they are broken and I still can't hear myself think. This place just goes further downhill with each business name change.
It's a fine place, good beer(Guinness, Harp, Blue Moon, Shock Top on tap) English food (deep fried fish & fries), and bar food (burgers, sandwiches) nice decor. They have outside seating on the side of the building where they serve out a window to the bar. This fills the building with cigarette smoke.  Very nice service. The bathrooms need attention at 2pm in the afternoon. It has so much potential but there is nothing really special at 2pm on a Saturday afternoon.
Great selection of beer...don't come if your looking for a party....decent live music on the weekend...food passes the test, nothing special, but not bad either.  You come for the beer....also in the winter months it's nice to be able to sit outside.  They carry all NFL games also.
I love this restrant . More restrant then pub . English and Irish dishes . Very clean .
I came here a few weeks ago on a date. It was a great first date atmosphere for me on a Saturday night because of the live music. It was entertaining. We sat at the bar and got our drinks from the bar tender. At first, she was great (asking if we wanted refills when she saw our glasses were empty) but as the night went on, she got more and more distracted and less attentive. I would have blamed it on the large crowd, but there was no one ordering drinks around us and she was talking to a waiter for most of the time. I was disappointed. The only reason why I gave this place 4 stars was because the live entertainment was THAT good. It was one man singing and playing his guitar. He sang a lot of songs the crowd knew (90s alternative mostly) and was really good at it. I was impressed by him, for sure.
They have A fire place inside , and they use it . Very nice , and clean .Easy to make friends .
This place was pretty cool. We only came in for a quick drink and sat on their huge patio.  Id like to go back and try their food sometime, although it seems a bit large to be an Irish bar.
I came here for St. Patrick's Day and I must say I have experienced better even on a very crowded St. Patrick's Day. The bartenders were on point but the food didn't look that appetizing. I pondered getting the fish and chips but they just looked soggy on other patron's plates. Now this may be due to the hordes of people on St. Patrick's Day demanding fish and chips, so I'll have to give them another try on a less crowded day. For now, it was a 2 star experience.
This place is one I've been frequenting lately. The beer is good, the bartenders are attentive. If you are a smoker you will enjoy the patio, as there are windows that the bartenders can open up to serve you while you smoke. I'll have to order some food next time and see how that is.  No complaints!
HORRIBLE SERVICE - EXTREMELY RUDE MANAGER/OWNER. ASKED TO LEAVE UPON PAYING....  My husband and I and a group of 4 friends decided to go here for St. Patty's Day.  We arrived early to get a table and avoid the crowd.  We ordered drinks and dinner bringing our bill to over $200.  As soon as we paid our bill our waiter asked us to leave.  We were shocked, as we had hoped to hang out, have more drinks and enjoy the band.  We asked to speak to the manager.  The manager, who is also one of the owners, was ruder than the waiter.  He told us he needed the table.  After spending so much money we could not believe the service we were getting.  I would NOT recommend this to anyone.  I have never been asked to leave a restaurant I was still spending money at.  The purpose of getting there early on St. Patty's was to get a table and hang out.  I will never go back!
Thought I'd give it another try, hoping they'd made an effort to improve on their food.  They haven't!
The food is okay (if you like Irish fare) and the draft selection is solid.  It's a great pub with lots of dark wood paneling, plenty of space, tables and bar tables.  The Irish Nachos are interesting (in a good way!) - waffle fries with cheese and corned beef, and my favorite draft is the Four Peaks Kilt Lifter.  $1 off drafts during happy hour (until 7pm).
Not often we get out to the East Side, but we decided to take a road trip to Globe and needed some food before we got there.  I remembered the Kierland Common like mall they were building on Val Vista and so we stopped.  We came upon The Harp and saw it fitting for the start of our trip.  Beautiful, huge space and decor was a common Irish pub, I can see this place going off at night if the crowds were right.  The food was OK.  We shared the potato skins, loaded with bacon, very good skins.  We also shared the Reuben and a side salad, basic Reuben except they cut their corned beef thick, which I like.    Overall it was very good, many drafts to choose from and we were served with a smile.  When we are on the East Side we may return, but of course others need reviewed and we like to try new things.
Great Atmosphere, good service, Irish foot seems Irish (but then, I've never actually BEEN to Ireland)  they have (had?) live music on Fridays.  Very Relaxing.
The Harp was the best tap beer and the liver and onions were the best I have ever had in any restaurant. This was really good.
The Harp is a beautiful restaurant.  The interior is open and although there is a lot of dark wood it is not dark inside.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive but a little on the crude side.  It isn't uncommon to hear f-bombs, or have the staff yell across the bar to one another.  The beer selection is very good but can be spendy.  My friend had the bangers and mash.  He enjoyed the potatoes and gravy but did not care for the sausage.  Personally, I thought the sausage was fine.  The gravy was OK but it wouldn't surprise me if it was from a jar.  I had the Turkey Rachel.  At first I really liked it, but then I had a strong aftertaste of raw onion and pickle.  The 1000 island dressing with the coleslaw did not work for me.  After the first half I didn't want to eat anymore.  The fries are lightly battered and ice and crispy.
Met a friend at The Harp Pub & Restaurant today 7/26/12 during Happy Hour 3-7pm. We asked our server what was their specials during happy hour, which he promptly explained about the beer, wine and well drinks along with "all" the appetizers. First issue: when the bill came there was no happy hour price for our Celtic Platter. When we asked why he said, "oh yeah, well yeah, that one is not on the Happy Hour menu."  Next issue: we had the bill split between my friend and I but when he brought mine he said, "Ooops, I sort of charged you wrong the 1st time I ran your card ($26.+) so I ran it again and that "should" void the 1st charge and then I ran it for the correct amount." I asked him for a voided transaction slip and that's when he told me about him running the card again for the $26.+ which would hopefully void out. At this point I wanted the manager aware of the issue and I also wanted confirmation that this would be cleared because if you total the amount my card was ran for it comes to over $71.00 for a $19.+ bill. All the manager, John, in all his arrogance, had to say was will it really hurt you if it takes 5 days to clear your bank. Well John...YES it will. I work damn hard for my money and I don't want someone else to tie up my money when I choose to use it. I plan to spread the word about The Harps, rude manager and his lack of understanding along with the fact that his staff obviously have not been properly trained on their system. I work in a large company in the area and I hope this information spreads and hurts them so they learn this is not the right way to run a business.  By the way...I was NOT looking for anything free or taken off my bill. The fact that the manager, John was rude and lacked understanding for the issue is what made me write this.
You would think with as much as I go here I would give it a better rating. I go here for lunch a couple times a month. Decent value for the money. I often have the half cobb salad with grilled chicken. Half is always enough! Oh.. and a coors light draft of course.
The fish and chips is so good at this place the best I have found.  Friday nights they have an all you can eat and you can also get it with garlic drys.  They are to die for.  Price is good and the atmosphere is homey.
I enjoy this place, and the dueling pianos
I was at "The Harp Pub and Restaurant" last Friday night.  We were there for  drinks, appetizers, and to listen to the dueling piano players. It was a great night.  The 2 piano players were very entertaining.  I thought we would stump them with some of our song choices, but I was amazed they knew them all.  The appetizers were very good, and I will be returning their for dinner.  The bart tenders/servers Brandon and I believe it was John.  They were great!  Not once did we have to wait to get a drink, they were very attentive.  Not to mention the dollar bill trick he showed us ( that I can't seem to do now).  The atmosphere here is great, red brick walls with great wall decor.  I highly recommend this pub and I will be going back on a regular basis!!!
Went here for a friend of my girlfriends birthday, the drinks were okay but everything else was miserable except the company. We ordered our appetizers and dinner and the irish nachos were pretty good, but then we waited. And waited. And waited, while we waited. While we waited our waiter, bald guy with a beard (he never gave a name), was nowhere to be found and it wasn't busy maybe a quarter full. After an hour, when more people showed up, he finally showed up again and asked if we needed anything else. Yeah apparently he never put the food order in (the reason kept changing) said it would be right out as there were no orders in. Cut to half an hour later. The fish and chips were horrible. Greasy and tasteless. Will never go here again. Would much rather drive an extra 10 minutes and go to Darcy McGee's or the Thirty Lion.
Love the Shepard's Pie, and the Corned Beef is flavorful!
Great food. Nice atmosphere. Loved the menu. Great selection of food. U have to try chicken curry paste if u like curry. Fish and chips is great. Steak is juicy and tasty. Loved everything.. Highly recommend it.
Have been going here occasionally since before it was the Harp.  Always had decent food. Last friday, I went there with some family and the food was absolutely terrible. How can you really make fish and chips terrible? Well, they did. The coleslaw was old and awful. Fish sloughed off the breading, which was meley tasting and entirely came off the fish which tasted old and nasty. Take it from me, don't bother eating here. Place is dingy and dirty.
We were in a party of 11, waited at our table for at least 20 minutes before the waitress ever showed up. She was pretty bad the whole night. We would easily go for 30 minutes before she would check on us. Lots of empty glasses the entire night, and they stayed on the table all night along with about half of our dirty plates.  Wrong drinks several times, forgot to put one of our food orders in, and didn't realize it until she brought everybody else's order out. Kept saying it wasn't her fault and was trying her best. In all fairness to her, i got the impression she doesnt normally serve tables. Shepherds pie was good, fish & chips was not. Long John Silvers would have been much better.   Now to the "entertainment". Why would you have dueling pianos in an Irish pub?  I will never understand it. And they were awful. I mean really bad. Horrible even. The only thing worse about this place than the service and entertainment was the acoustics. Before the crappy, extremely loud Elton John and Eagles covers you could barely talk across the table.  After they started you could barely hear yourself talk much less converse with the person in the next chair.   This place sucks.
Typical bar, staff is cool nice that's it's the same place I work chicken strips are pretty good
Mr. M and I chose the day before St. Paddy's to do our celebratin' and one of our stops was here at The Harp.  We took a seat at the bar and were immediately greeted by the bartender to take our drink order and see if we wanted menus.  Absolutely.  We are Irish pub fare fiends.  With a Newcastle and a Guinness safely in front of us, we decided to order the Bangers & Mash and the haddock Fish & Chips.  They also give you the choice of cod.  The bangers & mash were quite enjoyable with perfectly grilled sausages, and the whole grain mustard mashed potatoes were a nice surprise.  With the brown gravy and it's mildly oniony goodness, that was a perfect meal.  The fish and chips were delicious as well.  The fish was fried perfectly and light and flaky.  The fries were crisp as well and I couldn't stop stealing them from Mr. M's plate.  Carbo overload, but well worth it.    I took home half the bangers and mash and Mr. M ate them when I wasn't looking.  He's in big trouble.  The service was great.  The beer was great.  The food was great.  We generally like our Irish pubs to be a little more low-ceilinged and dark,  BUT the high, bright room will not keep us from coming back.  Great experience and look forward to returning.
I want to like this place. I really do. It's in a great location, there's plenty of outdoor seating...but...I just didn't like it. The food was ok. The service was...ok... Maybe a 2.5 star overall, but not a 3.  We ordered the Bruschetta Flatbread and the Pesto Chicken. Both of which weren't bad, but nothing extra special. The broccoli tasted a little fishy to me (and I don;t mean weird, I mean "fishy"), like they cooked it in the same water they cleaned the cod out in.   The service was ok, our server wasn't overly friendly and when we asked him for ideas or suggestions since it was our first time, all we got was a "um yeah, everything is good here".   Also, the food is a little pricey for what it is.  Overall, it was ok if you are in a pinch or if the line at Costa Vida next door is too long (which is why we went in).
Food was awesome, service was great! Had the fish and chips. Can't wait to go back and try the Sheppard's pie. Went on a Friday night with my husband and 5 year old son. Great atmosphere, and very friendly staff.
One of my favorite bars in the east valley!! Love the Shepherds Pie, just wish the portion was bigger! Great place for a party when the music is goin!
I like coming here from time to time. the waiters are nice, and one particular guy remembers my favorite, even when I havent been in a while.   I do HATE that the employees SMOKE in the patio area. I dont like a mouthful of smoke with my Fish n Chips...go behind the back of the building please!  other than that, Im happy
Overall, this is a pretty good place... but not awesome. If I'm in the immediate area and am in need of a place to have a beer, this would be an option. But, this place wouldn't be at the top of my list for a place to have dinner in the area. There are just too many other delicious establishments nearby that I'd rather have. Heck, I'd rather eat at a chain like Paradise or Pei Wei than The Harp.   The food was mediocre and overpriced. The service was "meh" as the waitress only came by when absolutely necessary. Not once did she ever come by to ask how our food was or if she could get us anything.   The patio is great and the beer selection is as well. Those are my 2 fav things about The Harp.
This review is for the Fish N Chips that have now become way BELOW average. last 2 times in the Fish has been rubbery and cooked badly. So this last visit, I just returned the fish, finished my set and left...and I wont be back. For the price you pay and for the awesome location they are in, I expect FAR better quality of food. no manager even came out to inquire of what the situation was, so I guess I'll use a yelp review to do that.   I went to Rosie McCaffery's yesterday, a night and day difference in the Fish n chips! same fish, just cooked the right way.
Food was mediocre, wait staff made zero effort to make our night accommodating, the music sucked. I asked if they could put on some Irish music, being an Irish pub, and their reply was "we don't get Irish music with our DirecTV subscription... Lame-o
Went here for lunch the other day.  Place was dead, which was fine with me because we got excellent service.  Server was very friendly and attentive.  I had the Cobb salad.  Crisp, fresh with lots of toppings. It was a very generous size.  I was able to take it home and have it for lunch the next day.  They have Sam Adams Oktoberfest beer! YUMMY!  Going back for lunch very soon.
If you want a place to relax and hear a live band play its cool. I went on Saturdays and each time it was a different band, one was more like 80's rock and another time it was an acoustic guitarist and he was pretty good playing a range of 90, 80s all cover songs. I enjoyed it.  He did a pretty cool rendition of Billy Jean on the guitar its a must see.The Chicken Nachos were good. Beers are big. If your a Vodka red bull drinker the Drinks are tall and strong! Service was ok could be better. They have a nice patio area where the bar opens up to so if you want a smoke you can still order drinks and enjoy the band from outside. The crowd is a little older around like 45 and up. Some 35yrs
I waited until second visit to review. Both times the food was good and staff was pretty good. I really enjoyed the Fish and Chips All you can eat on Friday. The wife loved the garlic fries. A enjoyable experience both times with zero negatives. Will be going back for more.
Had great service and the Cornish Pasty was great. Also had the Samosas for and appetizer....delicious!
The food here was good but we waited forever for everything.  Drinks were not refilled a timely manner, to the point that my friend had to go find our server and ask her if we could get a refill. Soo I would get stuff to go but I probably wouldn't dine in again.
Went with my parents we had a) Bangers and mash, b) Cornish pasty, and c) Corned beef and cabbage. All menu items were wonderful. The gravy on the bangers and pasty was really good. We also had a Celtic platter and the deep-fried mushrooms were awesome! Not those mushy button mushrooms in some other restaurants, these were firm and delicious. First visit, but will be definitely going back for some more.
My wife and I saw this place featured on the local Mesa city channel one day and they were bragging about their fish and chips. So we decided to give it a go. We get there and are seated at a bar table we were not asked if we wanted something else. but I figured Fri. night, the place was kind of busy. I saw a table tent stating happy hour was 3-6 it was close to 6 so I asked the waitress if we still had time for HH; she stated is it 7' O clock? which I said no but your sign here says 6, she said it was wrong; I said that makes thing very confusing. My wife and I ordered bloody marys and they were horrendous. My wife couldn't even finish hers. We ordered our meals. I saw what I was to believe all you can eat fish and chips and my wife ordered soup. She was brought her soup which was a little to thick for what was supposed to be leek and potato soup.  She wasn't offered any bread or roll or crackers with her soup. My fish and chips came and they were good and when I ordered some more, all I got was fish. I was told I would have to pay extra for the chips. So I got a piece of fish in a wire basket and the paper they use bleeds onto the fish turning it red.. I asked her to bring it on another plate and she looked put out. After we paid, I asked the bald gentleman at the hostess station if he was the manager. he said he was. I asked to see a menu and was about to point to the fish and chips special before I could even get out what I was going to say. I was cut off abruptly by him saying it's all you can eat cod not all you can eat cod and chips. I was OK but it's confusing and you should have your waitresses explain that before they take the order so we know if we want more chips they are extra; He was definitely a prick about it. I just know I will not go back if that's they way they treat customers.  I hope someone from the Harp upper management reads this and takes action
Darren, I appreciate you reaching out but it wasn't busy at all. We're not unreasonable people and understand when a place is busy service is slightly slower however that was not the case. There was maybe 5 tables in the whole restaurant with people at them.
Friday night - 7PM, place is half empty - clue #1.   Just wanted a quick dinner as we had to get to the airport to pick up relatives.   Decided on onion soup and a chicken curry pasty.    The onion soup was microwaved for sure!   The broth was so hot, we had to wait ten minutes to eat it.  By then, the crusty bread that was supposed to be inside was a lump of soggy paste.   The melted cheese was not browned in the oven like it should be.  it was DEFINITELY melted via the microwave - clue #2.    The pasty was not fresh.   The crush was floppy (again warmed in the microwave), and it had a hint of refrigerator taste.   I ate the inside of mine as I was starving but my husband barely touched his.  Strike - #3.   When we asked the waitress about it she said they are not made fresh every day, i.e. they are made about twice a week.  I mentioned that we expect our food to be fresh and she said she would tell someone.  She came back with the bill and there was no discount offered.  We asked her why and she disappeared.  10 minutes later, a man who we assume is the manager, stopped by with no expression of regret and just handed us the bill saying "here you go"!  They took 50% off of the pasty which is fine, since I had eaten some of mine, but he should have spent time with us trying to understand why we were unhappy.  We will NOT be back and I warn you that unless you want to drink in a somewhat authentic looking English pub, there are so many other choices nearby.    The place is not pricey but that is no excuse for cooking in a microwave.
Good beer on draught and they know how to pour Guinness!  Went here recently with a group of coworkers for a holiday happy hour.  We ordered a variety of appetizers, drinks and beers.  The apps all came out hot and fresh.  The deep fried mushrooms were a hit with the others (I am not a mushroom fan) as were the wings.  Their hot wings are pretty darned good.  They are crispy and meaty and spicy! The spinach dip case with chips and pita in a little crock, served nice and warm. The pretzel with the guinness-cheese sauce was also really tasty and a nice relief on my taste buds after the wings.   Located in Dana Park, there is ample parking and not much of a crowd at 5pm, which meant prompt service for us! The servers kept up on our drinks, food and cleared plates as they became empty.  They have discounts on food and beverage during happy hour, so I'm keeping The Harp as a happy hour option.
The negative reviews here slay me. This is the best Irish you're going to find in Phoenix. My wife IS English. She really knows English and Irish. She'd give this place 10 stars if she could. I would too. For authentic, consistent and well prepared food, give it a try. You won't be disappointed.  P.S. We've been there so many times I've lost count. Service is ALWAYS good.
I've been to this bar several times.  First time we were the first customers in on a rainy Friday morning.  We ordered mimosas and a pasty.  Our service was great along with the food and mimosas.  I have been to Cornish Pasty in Mesa and the pasty I had here was amazing.  It tasted very fresh and just melted in my mouth.  We weren't expecting such good food and great service since we literally were waiting at the door when they opened.  What a pleasant surprise!  The decor was also really nice.  The whole place is stone and wood, really unique and comfy.  Ladies the restroom was also clean which is a HUGE plus for me.  I've been there on a busy Friday night also and our food was again amazing-fresh and prepared perfectly.    I read some of the other reviews on here about this establishment and all I can say is that no place is perfect, I always try and give places two tries if the first time isn't super.  I would definitely encourage others to do the same.  I also commend the owner for making so many comments on the posts where customers complained.  That's really great to see.    I have been here now several times and let my friends know this is a really cool place.
The negative reviews here slay me. This is the best Irish you're going to find in Phoenix. My wife IS English. She really knows English and Irish. She'd give this place 10 stars if she could. I would too. For authentic, consistent and well prepared food, give it a try. You won't be disappointed.  PS:  We've been there so many times I've lost count. Service is ALWAYS good.
We went in to watch the football game. I ended up getting the Irish pasty, and my fiance had the potato and leek soup. We both loved the food, but what solidified the 5 star review was the service. Our server was Erica. She would always check back at the perfect time for refilling our drinks, but not to the point of being intrusive. Definitely the best service we have had at a restaurant/pub yet. Will definitely be going back.
Worst service ever! We sat at a table on a Saturday afternoon and had two servers walk past us multiple times before we actually had to say something to get any acknowledgement. We ordered drinks, 2 waters, 2 iced teas and two mixed drinks.  After a while one water and 2 teas showed up. The ladies dining the tea had a hard time telling it was even tea and one of them had a curious floral taste to it. They were just horrible, watery and barely tea. When we told the waitress she said "oh yeah i've heard that complaint before, we just have bad tea here". WHAT?!? The mixed drinks were bad too.  We left without ordering anything else and went across the center to TQLA for much better drinks and service.
I'll be honest and say that I'm not well versed on Fish and Chips as some fish and chips lovers might be, though I did grow up fishing and eating what we caught in Florida. I do love fish, but we usually grilled it instead of frying it. But I so enjoy a nice piece of white fish, battered and fried every now and then.       The Harp is about the only place near my home that makes it nice and crispy. You can chose COD or Haddock. I prefer the better flavor and texture of the Haddock when I can find it. The Pub Fries are in my Top 5 World Wide. There are fantastic. If they weren't so bad for me, I'd probably eat them once a week at a minimum. So only on special occasions.      There are lots of other wonderful items on the menu like the Spinach Artichoke Dip. The best I've ever had. Lots of Spinach and Artichoke compared to most places that only add a little and stick you with more of the cream sauce and less of the good for you, flavorful stuff to compensate for the quilt.      If you can't get what you want from a Pub anywhere else, give The Harp a try. Simple Pub food done properly.
I love this place. I have been coming here regularly for the past few years. Service is always good. The place is clean and the food is made from scratch, no microwaves. Love the look of the place and the beer is always cold and a great selection.   I have been to Ireland and The Harp is very authentic !   To those that rated this place so low, I challenge you to give it another chance.   Do not miss this place if you are in the area.
Arrived here for the first time on a Friday night, and it was the perfect night to check this place out. First off, they have an great selection of beers, including the traditional beers you'd find at an Irish Pub as well as a few surprise local craft beers. The food menu is also quite extensive, from sandwiches to fish & chips to cornish pastys. I got the Rubin Sandwich and it was great. Now the reason I said Friday is a perfect night to come is because from 9:00pm to midnight, they have a Duel Piano Night. They set up two pianos, similar to places like Big Bang Club but much small and more intimate; makes it much more fun and interactive.  So highly recommend with place for a fun Friday night out for beers and light food.
Very disappointed in the service tonight. My friend and I went out to have an early dinner. Took a while for one of the hostesses to come over or acknowledge we were there. Place was fairly vacant, so not hard to get a seat. We had ordered beverage when I noticed that a family behind us had a child with a very loud tablet. Nothing educational, just loud music. The music overhead was also loud. I asked 2 ladies at the hostess stand if the family could turn down the music as it was hard to hear both without getting a headache. They looked at each other, one walked away. The other just stood there. The other came back and said, kinda rudely, that they were not comfortable asking the family, but they would turn down the overhead music. We questioned this and they basically told us the other family were regulars and their child used the music for education (the child was disabled). This wasn't educational music, just loud, downloaded music. The woman then said "we can move you to the back room". And not in a nice way. We did choose to move, but then, once seated, we're told the kind of beer my friend wanted wasn't available. After basically being told that because we were not regulars, our feelings didn't matter, we decided to leave, evening off to a real bad start.  Had the lady said hey, I understand, how about we just move you, it might have been a much better experience. But first not onlywere we told we had no importance but then told were told we were being relegated to the BACK ROOM. What could have been a non-issue they made into one. We left at that point without dinner.  Sorry, I will never go back, and I spend a lot of money eating out.
I went here last night for a drink with a few coworkers. It was alright, nothing terribly outstanding, but it was decent. I had an (overpriced) Sam Adams and a burger (that was freakin' heavenly, might i add). I should add that although it was a bit overpriced, the portions were large, so you do get what you pay for. The service was okay, our food got to us fairly quickly, and the bartender was friendly enough. The pub stayed open later than normal for us, until about 10:30. I would probably go back, but i'm not overly impressed.
DUELING PIANOS!! A couple friends and I went on a Friday night and had a blast! They will play songs by request and keep the night going strong. The restaurant has a decent beer selection and what seemed like a great patio- though I never went outside. I personally got the cobb salad and it was just ok; too much cheese in my opinion! My boyfriend loved his reuben and the rest of the party seemed satisfied so I'll just chaulk it up to my bad ordering! Definitely a great find in Mesa and will be sure to spread the word!
thought I would come here again just to see if things have changed...nope, employees are still SMOKING right outside in the patio area...who the hell likes second hand smoke wafting all around your face...especially if it make you gag? If you wanna smoke, totally YOUR CHOICE, but If I need to FART, or BURP really loud, Im not gonna do it in your face to where you can hear or smell it....do me the very same SOLID...smoke somewhere else!   NOT COMING BACK....EVER
I received a response from the owner from my last comments. Darren, you missed the point entirely. We didn't leave because it was loud, we left because of your rude waitstaff. Until you realize that there are more than a few people out there that feel the same way, things won't improve. We never asked that the childs tablet be turned off, we asked if it could be turned down, a reasonable request. The beer we ordered was not available, just adding to our disappointment. I have 40 years in customer service, that was really not a fun experience. Sorry, but that was my feelings.
My trip to The Harp was a disappointment due to unbelievably slow food service. The waitress was very apologetic about our food taking almost an hour and a half to arrive but it certainly didn't make a very good first impression. The French onion soup was delicious, so I may give it another try. Hopefully it will end better.
Been at this place for  happy hour, and it was okay. Took some extended family there for lunch on Saturday and had the worst waiter ever. Rude, slow service, and completely ignored, and it wasn't that busy.   I have been in the service industry and it was obvious this waiter was not happy with his job. We still left a 15% tip, but I will never go back. It was embarrassing and everyone was disappointed.
Seated and greeted quickly. Drinks take a big to long for my taste but the end result is the same. The Irish nachos we ehhh? At best, the cheese was almost cold when it got to our table, plus side chipolte dipping sauce is amazing, regardless of the vehicle it takes to consume. The bangers and mash we're mediocre, no real mouth feel, soft potatoes, weak sausage and limp onions, eck!! The servers are all dressed like college students, which is weird for the complex and location, they're taking casual Irish to a whole new level.. I'll be back because they make the best Guinness drinks around, but I may just write my review after the cocktails next time. Oh btw, way over priced!!
This place is definitely worth checking out.  The food was way better than I expected it to be, and the beer selection is great.  I've been here a few times, both for lunch and in the evenings, and have had constantly good food and service every time.  They also do this dueling pianos thing on Fridays which is pretty awesome... so yeah, cool place.
Meh.  The dcor was your typical Irish pub, the beer was cold, they had the NFL draft on TV, but what really sold this place?  A collection of twelve of the cutest blue haired ladies playing bunko in one of the main rooms.  I have nothing against cute older ladies - my grandma is one of them!  However, I'm pretty sure the last thing I expected when I hopped on my barstool was to hear a bell ringing and these older ladies shrieking every few minutes.  Most of the employees seemed more interested in their cell phones than attending to my empty glass, and the Guinness fondue was more like a fondon't.  THESE PRETZELS ARE MAKING ME THIRSTY!    Like I said, I love adorable older ladies, but I simply don't want to hear them and their shenanigans when I am trying to enjoy a relaxing night of Irish beer and the NFL draft... I cannot blame the establishment for their presence, but I'm quite certain that's the opposite image that any Irish pub wants to propagate.  SO - in this area of Mesa, there are SO many options - just don't bother with this one unless it's a Friday night - I hear their dueling pianos is quite fun.
Went here for the first time on Saturday night . I'm from out of state  wasn't sure what to expect. I'll tell you what  very friendly atmosphere. The food I had was great it was beef mushroom ale pie . The beef melted in your mouth. The Waiter was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely go back
Good enough,  maybe an off night. Had the liver and onions, what seemed like a fortress of mash potatoes and gravy (seriously hearty and good) and veggies. Good sized portions. Beer was warm which I know is served that way in Europe but here it was chilled but not quite enough. Servers could be dressed a little more 'authentic' maybe.  Not necessarily in kilts or whatever but not in a 'corona' t-shirt either. Specifically asked server to omit jalapeos from an appetizer and they came out coated in them. Server messed up the check (split between two couples) and was not very attentive overall.  Food is excellent, service was a miss this night.
We've come to the Harp from time to time over the last few years. They do have impressive fish and chips (and coming from the land-o-fishfry that's sayin something). BUT...the service is always spotty and the rest of the food is just meh. We had a nice size group tonight for a reserved going away party. The restaurant was pretty empty except for us so one would think we would have attentive staff. Nah. This waiter was so uninterested he hardly interacted with any of us, nevermind a smile or eye contact. I'm also just gonna be blunt and say the food was just bad tonight. The Guinness fondue seemed like it was canned nacho cheese with no beer flavor. The pretzels served with it were under baked and tasted old, not to mention a small portion for 10 bucks. The potato boats were average, but again small for that much money. My Reuben sandwich was just ok and underwhelming...at least toast the bread!  If it wasn't my pal's going away party we wouldn't have stayed as long as we did and I can pretty much guarantee we won't be back.
Terrible service. Changed tables and not sure if it was just busy or they don't really have set tables, but waitress didn't come around for at least 20 min. and there is a waiter that has been there for awhile that always looks like he wants to fight. He didn't stop to ask if we needed anything for at least 20 min after walking by several times. We have been in several times, and there always seems to be a problem. On a positive note, they did give us $5 off for 1/3 of our mussels being closed up. If you know it's going to be a busy day with USA soccer, you should put more staff on. Won't be going back :(
We stopped here for a quick happy hour beverage. Pretty good selection of beers on tap, but only a buck off discount.  The AC worked well and they have a weekend happy hour also which is a bonus. No service issues as this place wasn't crowded during my visit and no food sampled, but it is a good place to grab a quiet date drink as their are plenty of tables both in front and in back of bar.
I'm underwhelmed by this place. The food is okay.  The service is SLOW!  Overall an okay experience, but I'd recommend going elsewhere in the area.
Ah the harp *laughs* I have been here a few times and have been meaning to write a review. The first time was years ago and it was named something else they had some amazing fish and chips. The service was great and the place was hardly loud or busy.   The next time was for my birthday with my father maybe two years ago. The food was ok not great but it was maybe a three star. The service hahaha a joke the guy and my dad hit it of but he proceed to make me feel bad cause I was drinking to much water and he thought it was "weird." He then went on to joke about a ren fair group there having a party that he had seen enough cleavage from a fat girl to last him a life time. Well I am not skinny it made me feel like shit, that he would say that in front of any one let alone a " fat girl."   The last straw was when my friend had her birthday meet up there. We where the only ones in the front part, and a real real bad singer was playing in the back. The server took are orders brought us beer and appetizer and proceed to ignore us while he drank at the bar and went out to smoke possible weed we could smell it on him. 45 mins later after are meal orders did not come we waved him done. He forgot to put in are meal order! Instead on maybe comping the meal or drinks he offered us booze? At that time we all had two or three beers and need to drive home so declined. Which we told him why. When the food came 20 mins later it was not worth the wait. Greasy fish and chips and nasty salad. He then once again ignored us we had to wave him done for a check. And say that are food and booze were full price? That's fine but no apologies no trying to fix the bad service just ignoring us while he drank. Worse service, worse food I will never go there again how can they redeem themselves after that?
It's nice to go to an Irish bar that isn't just fish and chips or corned beef and cabbage.  I had a seafood stew that was fantastic.  Full of delicious fresh seafood, with a very tasty white wine broth.  Even though it was opening night, and I'm sure they were running into their share of obstacles, the service was great and the ambiance was warm and inviting.  It won't be me last visit!
I recently had the opportunity to check out Johnny Fox's Public House during a pre-opening/soft opening event. Having never visited during its previous incarnation I didn't know what to expect, but was immediately impressed by the care taken to design the exterior, which provided an inviting facade evoking the warmth and charm of an Irish village.   The entryway to the restaurant is equally inviting and as you move from room to room you are greeted by unique niches and details one usually sees only in an older establishment. The wood floors were polished to a high shine to welcome the new visitors. I was particularly taken with the bar off the entry which provides as a certain coziness in contrast to the high energy main dining room.   The bar has an impressive selection of beers, Irish, craft and your basic American lagers. I was taken by the scotch list (as per usually) and was happy to see some old favorites and a broad range of choices in blends and single malts.   On this particular occasion we were served Irish classics such as corned beef and fish and chips, which were just as you'd expect. I was impressed by the fresh oysters and smoked salmon. As I understand the menu will place an emphasis on fresh seafood and I am looking forward to a second visit to try out more of the options the kitchen has to offer and to work my way through the whiskey list soon.
I had lunch here on 09/22/2011. The waiter immediately stated they only had a limited menu as their vendor did not come through with their food supply. I ordered the fish and chips which was terrible. The fish was very small, sparse and was extremely greasey. The chips were soggy and had way too much salt.  I did not complain, but the waiter apologized for the order and said he could not do anything to correct the order. He stated they have a new staff in the kitchen.  On my way out the female manager asked if I enjoyed my lunch. I informed her of my disappointing fish and chips and she just shrugged her shoulders.  This place is just like the previous place. The food and service suck.
I have mixed feelings about this Irish Pub.  Yes the beer is as good the previous go-around when it was the LDV and the food is pretty good although pretty expensive if you ask me.    My wife and I ordered off the limited lunch menu - I had a burger and one beer and the wife had the lunch size fish and chips and tea.  Total tab was just shy of $40.  That seems like a lot of money for just a lunch but if the cost isn't a factor for you then you'll probably like this place not only for the pretty good food but the excellent Irish beer.  Given that this place has been open just a few days, I can understand that they would have just a few missteps and I noticed just a couple.  I think the hamburger meat was just a bit too juicy so the bun absorbs the grease (nothing worse than a soggy, greasy hamburger bun) but I was able to use a paper napkin and that saved the day.  The hamburger comes without condiments so you have to ask for mustard or mayonnaise and you have to ask for ketchup if you ordered fries.  Like I said, just minor inconveniences.    I may go back for the beer from time to time but like I said, I thought $40 was a bit steep for a burger and fish.
I have now been to JFPH twice, on their third day of service and today.  I am trying to keep an open mind about this place, I really am. First, some background.  This restaurant location was previously a really fine place, Lis Doon Varna, and finally closed due to financial issues: It was a great place, fun, with a great beer selection, impeccable food, and great wait staff.  There is a sister pub in Tempe, Rula Bula, with the same menu but apparently, under a different corporation from the ill-fated LDV. Once closed, Robbie Fox (whose other restaurant is in Tempe), purchased this building. I hear he was in on the design and building of this location originally, although I am not sure how a restaurateur fits with being a general contractor, but I digress.  There was, apparently, bad blood between these two entities and there's a bit of a "gotcha" atmosphere going on. OK...the restaurant. The interior is mainly unchanged BUT the changes that have been made are a little too...neat? manufactured? shiny?  The photos of the Kennedys--fine, but way too many.  The framed art in the main dining room--looks like crap from a mall art shop.  The banners in the "church" area are gone, which was really unique stuff.  One of the things I really liked about the other incarnation was that there were no TV's.  No crappy NFL Sundays, no guys yelling at the TV's with vulgarities, no distracted dinner guests.  Now they have them.  Big negative.  If I want to watch sports, I'll go to RTO'Sullivan's or Padre Murphy's. The beer--we had a proper pour of a Stout today, which I appreciate.  And I like that a local beer, Kiltlifter, is on tap.  The waitstaff needs more education, though.  My husband asked about a beer and the girl clearly didn't know.  She should have offered a taste but didn't.  Pilsner Urquell would be a nice addition to the tap beer. The food--I agree with the other reviewers that the prices seem high.  I finally asked the waiter today if the fries/chips were fresh potatoes or not because both times, they have been, well, bad.  He assured me they were.  Well, if you are going to convince me, then leave a little peel on the potatoes, and fry them to crisp, not warm.  How can you not do fries right?  My chicken and leek pie was good, although really small for the price.  It looked dwarfed in its ramekin on the platter. My husband's chicken barbeque sandwich was good.  I ordered a tart for dessert and it took 20 minutes, I was told because there was only one pastry chef.  ????  It was a refrigerated piece of pie with blueberry sauce on it!  It was good but really?  20 minutes? And I was told they didn't have the order in for the bread pudding (which makes me suspicious it'll won't be made on site)--what's bread pudding take? Bread, eggs, cream, cinnamon and raisins.  They don't have that in the kitchen?   This time the waitstaff seemed a little more with it, less deer-in-the-headlights.  The owner, Robbie, was seem both days bussing tables,  and taking care of unhappy patrons.   With that all said, I really want this place to succeed.  It is a lovely place, the menu is adequate, with a lot of seafood, expected Irish dishes, and good beer.  We will continue to go there and hope they get their legs under them and make it a place to go and relax before a movie, after work, and when I'm tired shopping.  With the prices, though, it will likely go from a drop-in place to more of a special occasion place.  Stay tuned....
A sister restaurant to my homebase Robbie Fox's. I was lucky to attend a soft opening a few weeks back and was unbelievably impressed. The building is gorgeous, the decor and design are superb. I especiallly liked seeing all the different rooms and pictures, especially all the ones of JFK! The old church organ in the main dining room is a wonderful touch! Since it is a new establishment, the new servers will eventually get their legs, same goes for the food being cooked in the back. Chef Mark though has created a wonderfully tasteful menu. It makes me jealous of the food at Robbie's. The owner's Robbie and Dominic have worked very hard on this new pub and it shows. I wish I lived closer to it though, there are no signs of obnoxious ASU students to detract from the environment!!!! I forsee Johnny Fox's becoming the best pub in the west valley; dishing out pints of "Craic" for years to come!
We went the first night it was open. Some issues with the food. Ordered the salmon with sweet potato wedges. Came with mashed. When I told the waitress she said she would get the sweet potatoes. About 15 min later I got these greasy limp potatoes that tasted awful. I chalked it up to opening night. Very willing to give it another try.   We went back about a week later and we were told there was a 35 min wait. I saw lots of empty tables. When I mentioned this, the "hostess" rolled her eyes and said, "we don't have wait staff." Her attitude was awful. We did not stay. If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again. What a shame...We ate at this place under the old owner at least once a week....They need to do something about this gal if they are going to make it...
Summary: Great food but avoid this place on the weekend because the kitchen and wait staff can't keep up.  We were seated for a good 15 min before anyone came to our table. It was obvious that it was chaotic. It took 20 min before we had drinks and a good 15 min wait between courses.  I don't blame this on the waitress completely because they were understaffed in the front of the house as well as in the kitchen.  My husband and I have been there twice. Once we had mussels for an appetizer (yummy) and today we got the smoked salmon platter (very good).   After telling the waitress that we were starving, it still took forever to get our beet salad. The tomatoes could have been a little fresher and the salad could have used a little less oil, but we have also like this enough to get it twice.  For dinner, my husband and I ordered the same thing both times - he had braised lamb shanks (gunormous!) and I had the bollycotton (seafood pie with a delicious cream sauce and flaky crust).  For dessert we had a buttermilk tart that tasted more lemony that buttery, but was a good companion to the Bailey's and coffee.  I wish that a manager had come by or at least we had been offered a free dessert or something, though. The excuses from the waitress about everything from the bartender to the kitchen to the computer gives me concern about how well the place is organized. I hope they can improve the service because the live music and environment is something we really enjoy.
I got their chicken wrap. Very very bland. It almost tasted like taco bell actually.   I would give the decor 4.5 stars though.   Also tried the bread pudding, again, very very bland. Try famous daves bread pudding, no comparison.  I doubt I'll be back.
Checked this place out for the first time last week and I wasn't overly wowed like I had hoped for. I really was expecting a little more that Lis Doon Varna but it was pretty much the same. I still like the back patio area and it is still a great place to grab a pint. The bar service was good and fast....never had a dry glass...Guess I was just hoping for a more lively scene this time around.
Delicious, outstanding, phenomenal.  Three words I would use to describe Johnny Fox's Public House.  We went in on Friday night, around 7:30 and thought that we would have to wait forever.  We were seated just after we walked in.  The wait staff was at our table in no time flat getting us our drinks.  Appetizers were OMG!!!  We had shepherds pie and corned beef (of course) and it was phenomenal!  I highly recommend this place!!
Went here for dinner tonight and it was a great experience all the way around.   We called ahead to reserve a table so we would be sure to be seated by 6:00 pm.   This is when the happy hour ends.   During happy hour the whole menu including drinks are half off.   The decor is like a medieval European pub.   I felt like I was on  a trip to Europe.  The food is fantastic!!   We ordered french onion soup, wedge salad and corned beef and cabbage  dinner and apple upside down cake for dessert.  Also chose several of the beers they offered on tap.  Beer flavorful and ice cold.  The leanest corned beef I have ever had.  Server was pleasant and food came out in a timely manner.   I will DEFINITELY be coming back.
I was a big fan of Lis Doon Varna, the original restaurant that the building was built and housed for some years before its untimely closure earlier this year. It was the most authentic Irish restaurant I've been to in Arizona (see: *most*, though it couldn't be labelled *an* authentic restaurant) and I was really sad it closed. I thought I'd give the building's new owner a try and I can't help but compare it to Lis Doon on every level. The inside is completely the same - they must have acquired all the furniture and fixtures along with the unique building. They seem to have added some random photos and things on the wall (framed ink-jet print-outs of the Kennedy family add a touch of class) to make it theirs but it's mostly the same.  The menu is where things get really different. Johnny Fox's menu is a lot smaller and a lot less Irish. The prices (a bit on the expensive side) are about the same but it seems like it's all the usual "pub food" you find in "Irish" restaurants around Phoenix. Nothing original here and it makes me sad to see things like Alfredo sauce covered pasta on the menu. I opted for a cup of the shrimp bisque and the sausage roll appetizer with a bottle of Magner's while mom went for the cottage pie (misnamed Sheppard's pie on the menu) and house white wine. The bisque was very good and came in a small casserole dish with a handful of soup crackers on the side. The sausage rolls were AWESOME though I'm not sure what type of "sausage" they used - seemed a bit hot doggy but still tasted good. Those were filled with onions, mustard and baked in pastry dough and went well with my cider and bisque. The cottage pie wasn't anything special but was also good. Definitely not worth its $14 price tag, though. I could make better at home for around $5 in ingredients (and who gets the idea that food originally devised for poor people by poor people can be over $10 a plate?).   Service was decent though the waitress was super perky. Pro tip for customer service: If you're giving way more than you get back, maybe tone it down a bit. It just puts the customer off. We were also served the wrong table's plates  and the waiter said, "Ugh, *someone* is putting the wrong table numbers in!" obviously referring to our waitress. Very professional. The food also took awhile (the food wrongly served us would have been about the right time for restaurant food, but ours took another 15 or so minutes after that -  I could only assume ours had been served to someone else) though the waitress did pop by to say our food was on its way instead of leaving us hanging.  Over all, I will very much miss what Lis Doon Varna was and will not be back to this restaurant. The dcor alone is just simply not enough to make it worth my time. I'll keep a look out for some real Irish fun here in the desert (though I'm not holding my breath).
Tonight we went to this restaurant for the first and last time. The decor and atmosphere are good but the food is disappointing. We ordered the Shepard Pie and fish and chips. Nothing special and overpriced for the portion size. The food was much better when this restaurant was LVD.
Wife and I went back on Friday night,sat out on the patio again and enjoyed another wonderful meal. She had the garlic shrimp on rice and I had on fettucini alfredo. Once again staff very accomodating even for a busy Friday night. Our waitress Joey was the best, I really like this place.
Well I'm no Irish pub expert by any means but I really liked this place. Granted my wife took me here for my bday on a Monday nite so can't say what it wld b like on the weekends but the food was great. We loved the patio. Staff was very accommodating for getting us a heater for my wife. Will check it out on a weekend and rate again.
Dined here with 3 other people. No one was happy. Waitress was clueless (new and untrained?) she wasn't sure what soda they offered. She brought the drinks about 10 minutes after we ordered them, saying "sorry I was looking for cups" My lemon on my water smelled like dirty kitchen rag.  Fries were nice and thick, but dry and soggy. Corned beef was hideous, very tough and rubbery. I sent it back for a fish and chips plate that was similar to what I get at CoCo's, but with the big soggy sponge fries. Highlight of the dinner, the company and my beer. We will never come back, unless it's only for drinks.
Tried the"all you can eat fish fry". it was served with a plate of fries and one piece of fish. We immediately requested more fish. 20 minutes later (when the rest of our group was finishing their meals) a second piece of fish was delivered. We were told that only one piece of fish could be served at a time. There is a 15 minute wait for each additional piece. Fish was delicious but not worth the wait for three pieces of fish.
Best place for Irish food. Great ambience, the selection of beers is excellent (having Murphys on tap sold it for me).  We came during happy hour half off all food and beer - best happy hour ever! Nice outside patio area to hang out.   Coming from England this is the best approximation to an English/Irish pub I have come across so far in Phoenix.
You can't mess up a place with great beer and when you pair that with a respectable menu then you get Fans like me!    We have visited two of these locations in town and hear they are expanding. Definitely don't mind it because you can never have enough Guinness.  We had their bangers and mash with some french onion soup.  Their fry's and curry, yum!  The location is awesome for those going to spring training and they have plenty of great size tables for large parties.
Have eaten here 3 times now. First two were OK. Tonight we had the worst service I've had in a restaurant in years.  Over a half hour wait for appetizers. Wouldn't you know it, the entrees arrived about 3 minutes later. Hostess came by at about the 20  minute mark and asked how everything was. Mentioned the appetizers were taking forever. She took off toward the kitchen, We were encouraged. Never saw her again.  Drinks were empty for as much as ten minutes at a time. Finally, one of our guests asked for hot water and lemon while we were having a nightcap. Never came. We mentioned it as the bill was being delivered. Waitress rolled her eyes and said "I guess I'll have to get it myself."  By now, she's blamed the kitchen for the appetizers and entree's arriving almost together. Now it's someone else's fault the water never came.  Should have been pretty obvious to her by now that this hasn't been a very well handled dinner. No apology, no 'let me buy you a drink', no offer of desert or taking the appetizers off the bill as we didn't really have the chance to enjoy them. Never saw the concerned hostess again, Nothing. Can only assume this is considered business as usual for them. Won't be back.
Service Glacial (ignored by bar staff served by waitress from dining room while sitting at the bar). Cod & Chips good, Mushy Peas Great. Shepard's pie ok, portion small and seasonal veg cold. Over all not good & over priced.
After leaving another restaurant down the street last Saturday night because the service was horrible, we ended up at Johnny Fox's.  I had been there once before.  My friend had never been.  We had a most enjoyable meal and, especially, a most enjoyable experience with our waiter, Tim.  Thanks Tim!!!  I would highly recommend this restaurant.
GREAT BEER selection, and some of the best service I have had in a long time. We had the Corned Beef, and the Fish and Chips.  Both were fantastic, get the mushy peas as a side.
I have been back to Johnny Fox's several times since my last review and it is still fantastic.   You can't go wrong with the corned beet and cabbage.   On Thursdays they have all you can eat corned beef and cabbage from 11:00 am - 6:00 pm. Also the pork loin dinner and the bangers and mash are quite good.   Very good dark beers on tap.   Will be back again and again.
This place is alright! The drinks are kinda pricey for a little plastic cup. The bar is pretty big and nice to look at! I love the games they have outside, my friends and I had a lot of fun with it!!
We came here because every other restaurant in the strip of restaurants was packed and had a long wait time and we were trying to catch a spring training game at Peoria Sports Complex. Johnny Fox's sat us right away with a smiling and friendly server who seemed genuinely excited to wait on us.   The atmosphere was a little loud but the place was hopping for a Friday night and it added to the liveliness of the restaurant. I wouldn't go here for a romantic, intimate dinner but it's obviously not that kind of restaurant.   The menu had tons of Irish options. What I liked was that besides the usual fish & chips and shepherd's pie, they had Guinness braised short ribs, lamb stew, bangers and mash, and seafood pie.  Their menu also had a American fare like spinach scallop dip and beet salad. Then there was  Mediterranean selections like gyros, Greek salad, and lamb sliders. And it all worked! It was a welcome surprise that there were lots of different menu items so everyone could get something they liked or you could mix and match!  In and out with full bellies and in time to catch the Padres beat the Giants. All in all a good night.
So here's the deal, Lis doon varna is CLOSED.  For everyone whining about it, get over it.  Don't go to Johnny Fox's expecting LDV.  Life moves on.  Have been several times.  Have been pleased with service, food and music.  Be a good patron and support an original business that is not a CHAIN.  Branch out, try something new, you just might enjoy it!
My girlfriend and I had the joy of coming here for lunch one Sunday a few weeks ago and was blown away by this awesome place.  You walk in and the place is different from room to room. It feels straight out of Ireland!  I've never been, but it feels like it.. so yeah.  We sat outside because the weather was perfect.  I've been to a pub over in Tempe Marketplace (forgot the name) and was not impressed with their bland food.  This time I asked what was good just to make sure.   As we sat and looked at our menu, something caught my eye.  Black Pudding.  Being a fan of shows like Bizarre Foods and Anthony Bourdain.  I knew what that was and it was time to try it.  I told my girlfriend what it was and she said she'd try it.  For those who dont know what that is.. it's Blood Sausage.. yep.   I LOVED IT!  ...she hated it. lol.  I finished it off with some crackers and some sauce.  Just tasty stuff!  We split a sandwich and a salad for our main course.  This place was just wonderful and I cant wait to go back!
This is a real Irish Pub.  It's not some cheap, Irish-themed sports bar where the most authentic thing on the menu is "Irish-Nachos."   Johnny Fox's, like Robbie Fox's (Tempe), has got it right: great food that is traditionally themed, great service and great craic (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craic). It's a good place to just grab drinks or have a nice meal.
Avoid this place like the plague.   I was a big fan of Lis Doon Varna and came here hoping it was basically the same place, just new ownership. Well it is not the same.  One of the things I loved about Lis Doon Varna was the fish & chips. I'm always game for fish & chips. Johnny Fox's Public House does a poor rendition. The fish & chips that Lis Doon Varna serverd were some of the best I'd ever had.   So when I came back to Phoenix for a visit, I was hoping to get my craving fulfilled. Well, It was a huge waste of time and money. I was first served under-cooked fish. I reluctantly asked for it to be redone. Even the 2nd plate was not cooked well. Fish was bland and the batter was tasteless. The tartar sauce was ok. The chips were not chips at all and also under-seasoned.   I was really disappointed.  The service was OK, but our server was a complainer and didn't seem to be enjoying his job. He was attentive enough, but shared way too much information about his personal struggles in life and at his job.  Anyway, the beer selection is good...so if that is what you are looking for, right on. Just don't order fish & chips.  Next time I'm in town, I won't return...and I won't recommend that you visit this place either.
Went here on a friday night and had a awesome time with my friends .great eighties bands was playing and they were entertaining.  Will return
We went here for Mothers Day Brunch and Had a wonderful meal!! They had fresh crab legs, oysters, salmon, shrimp and fish . They also had breakfast items as well. The french toast was delicious!! There was also a carving station and desserts. This was the second week for the brunch. It as 18.00 per adult plus drinks and 9.00 for kids which inculded drinks!  Awesome!!
So it was Saturday night and my girlfriend wanted to try eating somewhere new.  We have our favorites, but sometimes get bored.  We ventured out to 'Restaurant Road' and came across Johnny Fox's Public House.    Very nice atmosphere, cool furniture and tall ceilings.  It has a very inviting vibe (if that makes sense).  For an appetizer we had potato cakes which oddly had egg on top.  It was good.  For an entree, I had the Corn Beef sandwich and my girlfriend had the St. Patricks Day traditional Corn Beef, Cabbage and potatoes w/ carrots.   Dessert was upside-down apple cake w/ toffee sauce and candied pecans.  A little too sweet for me, but very good.  We both enjoyed our meals and had lots of left-overs.  The corn beef was extremely tender and lean.  Never seen corn beef so lean before.  Service was great.  I drink a lot of water and the waiter was kind enough to come often to refill my glass.  We are glad that we found Johnny's and will definitely be going back to try new dishes.
Ok food and only interesting crowd. They serve Tito's Vodaka so that worked.
Our first time to this place was not memorable at all. We walked in and wondered about with no hostess paying any attention. Finally I asked her, if we can sit in the bar. She waived us which direction to go, no offering take us there, or offering menus. We sat at the bar table for about 15 minutes and at least ten waiters, bus boys passed by us without any acknowledgement. So, we got up and walked out. Again, hostess did not say a word. It was not a busy night and that makes it even worse. We are not going back to Jonny Fox's again!
Finally went to check it out in the afternoon and really enjoyed the food.  I was expecting a new decor from the previous Lis Doon Varnas but nothing had changed. The atmosphere on a Sunday afternoon was a bit blah but the food was good.
THEY RIPPED ME OFF SHAMELESSSS!!!!!!! The bartender brought my bill when I was ready to leave and he added 1 dollar per drink I guess he thought I was drunk or stupid!!!! When asked about it he said ah ah well I guess you got the in the biz discount at the bar? hhhmmmm bad idea to try this with afederal officer what a dork does his boss know he does this on A WEEKDAY!!!!!!!! wow never going back I sure hope i see him for breakfast at the joint soon. Be sure you check your bill and check what the REAL price for drinks are, how embarressing he must be to have to try to take people's money on an outside bar, I hope the popo that patrol the DUI alley by his bar get him one night -NO SHAME and then he didn't even ask if I wanted my change!!!!
This review is based on the times we have been there for dinner.  I have had seafood stew that is quite good, a shepherds pie the was good, great Irish beer and nice low hum of conversation. We have eaten at two of the bars in different areas of the restaurant and both times were pleasant. The bar tenders were attentive and genial. We ate in the main dining area at a tall table, I think the seats could be a better height, but that is neither here nor there. Didn't affect my opinion of the place. Our servers in the main dining area were attentive and on the go, it was a busy night, and we were never forgotten. It was overall a good experience each time and has kept us coming back again and again.
This review is for the Sunday brunch buffet, as have never ordered off menu here.  My 71 year old father bought a Groupon for Sunday brunch buffet  for 4, which included one Bloody Mary or Mimosa each, & was a great deal for $40. I was a bit leery as JF's has only been doing the brunch for about a month, & buffet menu was not mentioned on their website. We've recently been to another restaurant which couldn't keep up with the Groupon demand, but Johnny Fox's seems to, for the most part  have their act together.   We arrived at 10:55 am, 5 minutes before the buffet was supposed to begin, and there were already about 40 people lined up outside the locked doors. By 11:00, there must have been 100, and they didn't open the doors until about 11:05 - first only allowing in the diners who had reservations. Make sure you book!  We were seated at a great booth, the Irish music playing wasn't too loud, & the atmosphere was impressively authentic. The staff milling about were very polite. According to our friendly waiter, they made sure the restaurant was extremely well-staffed for the buffets.  First the waiter took our drink orders, which was unique as we had a choice of the waiter bringing out glasses (for those of us who chose Bloody Mary's) to take ourselves to a build-your own Bloody Mary bar. The bartender traded the glasses for a fresh, cold pint glass filled with ice & a generous shot of vodka. The BM bar was very well stocked with several hot sauces, different condiments & pickles, and hot horseradish. It was really nice to be able to make it the way I like it.  Back at the table, the waiter brought us large plates for the buffet, which is spread in a separate room. It was joyful to see the plentiful items - shrimp, salmon, sea bass, oysters, carving station ham & prime rib, leg of lamb chunks, stuffed pork loin, cold cuts, fruit, salads, as well as the usual breakfast items like O'brien potatoes, scrambled eggs, applwood smoked bacon, french toast, etc. The food was all elegantly presented & kept stocked. Food was overall very good, however our only complaints were that the hot items were not held hot enough (cold by the time back to the table); the lamb tasted somewhat "gamey"; the prime rib was surprisingly tough, and there could have been some poultry selections instead of just red meats & seafood. We all managed to fill a second plate, and were all stuffed! There were numerous selections of pastries & cakes to choose from for dessert.  The only surprise on the bill was that there was no tax added, & the Groupon covered all but the tip.  So for this review, the star rating goes as follows:  Value: 5 - fabulous deal for $40;  Service: 4.5 (being left to stand outside until 11:05 took half a star off) Ambiance: 5 Selection: 4-4.5  Food: 3.5-4 (points off for temperature, tough beef)  I would definitely go back for the Groupon deal for sure, and it is still a pretty good deal for the regular price of around $20/plate.
MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE BAR in the West Valley.  I am pretty picky when it comes to what I consider my 'home bar', but I don't expect too much. When it comes to Johnny Fox's Public House, they have pretty much all that I need in a bar.  FOOD  This restaurant would receive 5 stars in my book, but because I am not a fan of authentic Irish food I can't call this place PERFECT for me, although it is pretty damn close. The desserts are amazing here, and that's what I can often times be found eating. The Jameson ice cream is to die for, and the red velvet cake is heavenly! Everything else is pretty foreign to me, literally. Bangers and mash? Lamb meatball sliders? Mussels and chips? This might all seem rather appealing to your taste buds, however, mine say 'negative ghostrider'! However, the wonderful staff and relaxing ambiance makes up for the non-appetizing entrees.  DRINKS/STAFF  You can find a good drink everywhere, but can you find an equally as awesome bartending staff? I have had a good experience with every person who has ever served me. Particularly my boyfriend and I are fond of the bartender named 'Timmy'. He is attentive, friendly, humorous, and always takes care of us! When you work for the 'industry' (ex: bartender, server, etc) you are always looked after at Johnny Fox's. They offer a 25% off discount for industry folk, which really comes in handy! Getting even a little discount on my tab makes me feel welcome, like family, and who am I kidding.. it makes me wanna leave a better tip; these bartenders will take care of those who take care of them. PLUS, they always remember us!  AMBIANCE  I have heard this bar is slammed and busy on weekend nights, which is great for business and most people, however I prefer my bars quiet and humble. On weekend nights when the restaurant is a lot more lively I have heard they often times have bands, deejays, and groovin' tunes. They also have two bars inside and one outside; the outdoor patio is huge and offers an equally inviting atmosphere. I can often times be found at Johnny Fox's in the deep evening (between the hours of 8pm-10pm). The bar is a little emptied out, but that's just how I like it.   This place is by far my number one pick when it comes to choosing a bar to hang out at.
Was there tonight  was seated around 6pm. Terrible service. Left after waiting  twenty minutes for the server to come back to take our order. Won't be returning.
We stopped in for a quick lunch on a Thursday so we had the place to ourselves, so service was very good. Looked like it would be a great  time on a Friday or Saturday night, bartender said they have live music on the weekend evenings.  We will go back in the evenings to check it out.  They had at least four bar areas plus a nice size outdoor area.  Food was great, the fish and chips are the best I have had since I left the east coast!!
My bf and I wandered in here to enjoy a beer and kill a half hour before a movie a few weeks ago.  I would sum this place up in one word: CHARMING.  We sat out on the patio because there were two decent musicians doing acoustic covers.  The bartenders were attentive and knowledgeable about the beer selection.  I was impressed by the friendly staff, cleanliness, and overall charm of this English/Irish restaurant's decor.   Our intention was just to have a drink, and then, the craziest thing happened - the large group at a neighboring table was served some of the most delicious-looking food I have ever seen - and suddenly I just HAD to see a menu.  I sat there, minutes before we left to go to the movie, openly gawking at these people's food.  We are talking juicy steaks, garlic potatoes, sauteed garden veggies, and succulent sausages.  I had already eaten dinner, and yet I was practically drooling because that food looked and smelled so good.  After the movie, we could not resist but return to try the fare.  I'm a sucker for a good fish fry, so we split the walleye and fries with an added side of sauteed summer squash.  The portions were large, the taste was amazing, and the veggies were as good as they looked.  We could not help but try the bread pudding; I was smitten.  This place is NOT cheap; if it were less expensive, I would have probably been back several times.  Drinks, dinner, and dessert for two adds up quickly.  However, it is the kind of place I would take a guest from out of town or celebrate a special occasion. (Or, it is a great choice if you know someone else is going to pick up the check ;) )  It is definitely a good value, though.  I look forward to my next visit!
The plus side is that it has a nice decor and is cleaner than a real Irish pub, well lit and the bar looked nice.  The bad side is that the food was not very good.  Seeing that I have eaten in both Irish and English pubs you don't expect the menu to be very extensive but you expect it to be good and provide a good value considering that you are supposedly are dining in a pub.  The menu and the prices reflect more of a higher range as far as prices, I would say higher than their  immediate competitors.  I had the Guiness and Beef Cobler which consisted of some beef stewed using Guiness for that was about the only flavor of it, the serving was about a cup and the flaky biscuit was more of a crumbly dry biscuit, the vegetable was some unseasoned  squash.  Luckily I only ordered the smaller portion and it was $8.00   My companion ordered the Shepherd's Pie, it did look better and tasted better than what I ordered and was the same serving size that I received, she requested mushy peas as her vegetable but they were out of them and gave her the same squash.  If you want the Irish pub experience go to Ireland, for this is an restaurant and not a pub, the food isn't very good and in my opinion overpriced for what you get.  I guess that explains why there was no problem getting seating during lunch time on a Saturday, the adjacent restaurants looked like they were extremely busy.
I've been here twice, the first time by chance and second time by choice. The first occasion, my friends and I were in the area and I searched "live music" on my phone map. This place popped up so we decided to give it a try. Having lived in Boston and New Haven, CT this place totally hit home. The outside is made to look like an an old street in Ireland complete with thatched roofs and water wheel. The inside is sort of a mish mash but in a good way. If you blacked out the windows you would swear you were at least on the East Coast in a legit Irish Pub. We had the fish & chips with a side of curry, corned beef and cabbage, braised short ribs and the seafood stew... all delicious. Our favorite part was our waiter Tony. He was so much fun that the next time we went we requested him as our server. Once again we were not disappointed. Seriously looking forward to St Pat's day this year since this place is great AND on our part of town!
My husband and I love love love Johnny Fox's. Great happy hour with entire menu half price, $3 Jameson, live music on the weekends, fish fry Fridays, and great service. We used to go there often when it was Lis Doon Varna and were sad to see them close, but we love Johnny's now. The owners are ever present during busy hours, their dedication to service is very obvious.
We have only been here three times, but plan on being back when are in the neighborhood.  Each time has been different from our end (once as a couple, another with friends, the last with our baby), and in each unique visit, everything was great.  The food is great, the atmosphere warm.  The drinks are crafted, not poured!  On our last visit, we had Sean (spelling?) as our server, and he was awesome!  He took the time to welcome us, go through our menu questions, make suggestions when asked, not as a "salesman", and was attentive to our experience.  He also recommended similar places throughout the Valley once he found out that we lived nowhere near JF's.  Overall great.  Thank you Johnny Fox's!
We went to Johnny Fox's today (Saturday) with a party of 8 for after dinner drinks and dessert.  The following review is broken into two parts, as we had two very different experiences.  The first half of the evening we were seated inside.  Although it was somewhat difficult to talk (the music was very loud), our server (Alex B) was great...she was very attentive, fun, and made sure to keep us well supplied with drinks. The drinks were tasty, reasonably priced and sized, and arrived quickly. I was the only one of us who actually ordered dessert, and went with the bread pudding.  It was pretty decent...nothing special, but tasted good, decent texture, and was presented very simply but nicely.  After a couple of hours, we decided to move outside to listen to the band that was warning up; they turned out to be a a blues band called The Blues Revue.  Although a blues band was unexpected at an irish pub, they were a lot of fun.  Sadly, our server outside (Thomas C) was nowhere near as attentive as Alex: even though Alex told him were were moving out there, we were ignored for the first 15 minutes outside until we finally got a busboy to get his attention.  Over the next 2 hours he stopped by our table twice; we saw him intentionally looking at us, then ignoring us when we tried to signal him over to order another round.  When we decided to leave, it was a nightmare trying to get our check and get my card run to pay for the bill...it took multiple requests and waiting for over 30 minutes to finish the process.  While we are leaving town and therefore won't be back regardless of the service, the three other couples with us all agreed that it was a disappointing end to the evening. One of the couples had regularly gone there since before they were Johnny Fox's (when they were Liz Doon Varna), but doesn't think they'll return.   So, in a nutshell the drinks were good, prices were ok (about $200 between the 8 of us over the course of the evening), and the service from Alex was great, but as it only takes one bad server to ruin a dining/drinking experience I'm rating it 2 stars.
This is a really neat looking place and probably the best looking Irish restaurant I have visited. Both the outside and inside are beautiful!  I have been here a couple of times and once was for St. Patrick's Day. I had a lot of fun and would give the restaurant a higher rating, although I don't find the food to be all that good and its kind of expensive.  They went all out on the decor, which I love, but I wish the food was a little better!
Food was.... o.k.   Server was AMAZING. But the other servers were REALLY loud and running around like teenagers... Then some kid in a wife-beater came in, he kinda looked like a gang banger, he was talking to the staff and making it really obvious he worked there. I'm not an idiot and I know the people that cook that work at restaraunts aren't exatly the creme of the crop (hence why they are in food service) but to be so "in your face" that some thug with ghetto tattoos and penguin pants on is making your food... not cool. Not professional. Staffing behavior here needs to be re-evaluated.
My wife and I have gone past this place dozens of time, but had never tried it. I asked several friends, and all said it was excellent, so we visited on a Friday night two weeks ago. We really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere, so we returned last Friday and sat at the bar, inside. Had different dishes (The beef rib in Guinness is to die for), and for those who enjoy Scotch, they have an extensive array of high end Scotches. Mon thru Fri, the whole menu is half price, and we intend to work our way through the rest of the menu. The flavors, the presentation and the service have been outstanding each time we have visited. The waiter and bartender were extremely helpful and friendly. Highly recommended. It is now one of our favorites.
Great food, beer and service. This is a terrific pub!!!
Usually come here on Friday nights with my friends who are regulars.  Food is pretty solid the lamb meatballs and Johnny's nachos are very popular with our group. Even their ranch dressing is really good and I am not a big ranch fan. I also like the Guinness stew.  The only thing keeping this place from being a full 5 stars is that it's probably a bit on the pricy side for what it is. Beers start at $6 (i think I haven't had one cheaper) and pretty much any food item is $10+ with sandwiches at $12. Shave a couple bucks off and they would be in solid 5 star contention.  The service here is also good as all the servers are friendly, keep up well with groups and splitting checks (always hard since our group can be anywhere from 4-12), and they are willing to joke around with us and not throw us out (always a possibility with our non-pc humor and discussions).
I like to think that I seldom give 5 stars ratings to any restaurant but this Johnny Fox is a stellar light. My wife and I both LOVED it. It's like a trip into a charming pub in Ireland.  Let me say up front that I've never been to Ireland but I've spent a great deal of time in England and this place is far superior to any place I've been to in the UK. or Phoenix version of English pubs for that matter.  The place has a wonderful decor with plenty of wood decor.  It has a lot of little rooms that go off to themselves for those who need to get away from the crowd. The interior of the great room has a large skylight which makes the dining room appear modern and comfortably well lit. The music is a wonderful selection of Irish sounding music.  Nothing jarring, just well put together and in wonderful taste. Our server, Tom, was wonderful.  He was attentive and helpful.  The kind of server who keeps his distance but who is there when you need him and not there when you don't. The food!! Ah, yes the food.  My wife and I had the special for the day, Corned beef and cabbage.  All you can eat.....$10.00.  Now that's a deal.  I figured first that there must be little corned beef and alot of cabbage. (I hate cabbage).  We tried it anyway and it was delightful.  Four slices of corned beef, no fat,  and cabbage (I really liked the cabbage and I said before that I can't abide cabbage)  One plate filled my wife up and I had a second helping.....four more slices of wonderful corned beef with cabbage.  Also, I forgot to mention that there were also carrots and roasted buttered potatoes served on the plate. It so happens that every Thursday is Corned Beef and Cabbage special.  Today, of course, being Friday, it's fish and chiips. Until now the king of Irish restaurants has been downtown but from what I've experienced yesterday, The King is Dead!!Long live the King!! Try this place out you won't forget it.  There's also live music beginning at 6pm but the real party starts at 9. There's even a brunch on Sunday.
My husband and I finally had a chance for a date night. We wanted to do dinner and movie. After looking at reviews and show times, I saw that we could hit their happy hour and then catch the flick. The happy hour is advertised as 3-6 M-F where everything is half off. So we planned our Friday date around that.  So husband got off work early so we could hit the happy hour. It was packed!. We got there around 525 and there was already a wait. The place was packed! Fortunately, the bar was available so we sat down there. Well, we were in for disappointment because we found out that they no longer do that amazing happy hour on Fridays. You just have some drink specials and a smaller menu. We were very sad. We picked ourselves up by the bootstraps and carried on though, and ordered from the happy hour menu. I ordered the shrimp poppers and he got the fish fry. The fish fry is all you can eat. Anyways, we enjoyed our drinks and waited for our food.  The food came and my husbands fish were chicken tenders. They also ran out of cocktail and tartar sauce. Now I know you are thinking? Well, why are they ranking this place 4 stars? Sometimes it is not about the experience, but how they handle it and fix things. People are busy and are going to make mistakes. Johnny Foxes recognized that they messed up, and they gave us a big discount on the meal. That is true customer service and we appreciated that.  So would I go there again? Yes I would. They offered excellent customer service and I appreciated that.   PS they have groupons a lot so keep you eye out
This place is ok, but we probably wouldn't go back.  The good part is the nice selection of draft beers, and good friendly service.  However neither of us were impressed with our meals.  I had a house burger, which was rather thin, dry, and overcooked (ordered medium rare, they say they cook to order).  Not terrible but just a rather generic burger.  My wife ordered a spinach and cheese dip that had extremely little cheese.
Awesome. Great patio setting and great beer. Food is really good as well. Go for the fish and chips. Patio gets loud when there is a band.. but it is a bar so..
I have only attended this place for their Sunday brunch but that is what keeps bringing my family back. You are always greeted with smiles and the wait staff is fast and talkative. We enjoy the fact that the brunch is loaded with food and for my husband meat choices. My daughter loves being able to eat all the fresh fruit she can and have a bunch of olives to go with it! My only compliant is that the buffet needs more room, it is often hard to navigate around other people or food.
My hubby and I were just there for a happy hour dinner.  Unbelievable!!  I had the best sea bass I've ever eaten, served with ginger rice and sauteed veggies (mostly yellow and green summer squash and onions).  The fish rested on a sauce that was delish, something with corn and slightly sweet.  I also enjoyed two glasses of the house chard which was nice.  My hubby had a huge plate of corn beef and cabbage with little red potatoes and carrotts.  And he enjoyed two glasses of Harp.  The bill was $37 total (without tip).    The trick is to go during Happy Hour (M through F from 3PM to 6PM).  All the food on the menu is 1/2 price and the food is wonderful.  There are also great prices on drinks during that time.  Our waiter was friendly and checked back frequently to make sure we were OK.  Nice Nice Nice.  I am looking forward to our next trip back.  Only trouble is now I don't think I'll order anything other than the sea bass!!
So this place looked like it had the potential of relying on novelty without the quality to back it up, like so many other places in Phoenix that try their hand at originality. It turned out to be not so bad. It wasn't the greatest place I've been, it wasn't nearly the greatest Irish pub I've been, but it was ok. Not three stars A-OK, but just ok.   I'm not a huge fan of Irish pubs to begin with, just because there are so many of them in the Valley and it's hard to find one that has the deep character and history to make it a good pub. Most of them just rely on the novelty of being an Irish pub and fail to hold up. And it's always an Irish pub. It's like it's state law or something that if you open a pub around here it has to be an Irish one. However, this is one of very few places in the Peoria area that isn't a chain restaurant. Nobody does chains like the greater Phoenix area! So I wanted to try it.   On the outside, they did a great job making it look like an old Irish cottage type house. Very inviting compared to the strip malls around here. The inside was pretty cool. It had a lot of character. Plenty of books stacked in corners and in bookcases on the history and social aspects of Ireland. There was an entire wall of photos of JFK. So, in case you didn't realize that you walked into an Irish pub from the looks of the outside, there was no mistaking you were in one now. Aesthetic qualities.   Where this place failed, and one of the only reasons I didn't give it more stars, were the prices. Definitely priced too high for the type of place it is. I even went during happy hour, and the prices were still too high for a pint, and even for the food. It was quite disappointing since the website clearly states "Half off entire menu!" and that was not the case at all.   Go to this address: http://johnnyfoxspublichouse.com/  Look under the tab Events, and under the happy hour times you'll see it. Half off entire menu.   No, they had a very small menu with select choices from the main menu that were almost half off, but the entrees were also half sized. I hate it when they do that.   The beer was only a dollar off the regular price, but $3 well drinks. I got my staple, whiskey sour, which was a little on the sweet side. And they downsized my second one. Seriously. They brought it out in a smaller glass. Almost unnoticeable if you weren't paying attention. Maybe try that when I'm three or four drinks in. Not when I'm just starting. So I cut off the drinking at that point.   The only really impressive part to this visit was the bangers and mash dish I ordered from the happy hour menu at $8. It was smashing.   I can't see myself going back to this place, and that's mainly because of the prices. Too high for what it is. And also because of the false advertisement on the website. That was just irritating.
Im a fan of happy hour! i love this restaurant very classy but great prices, DELICIOUS!  I SAY TASTY fOOD!Yaum!
I was introduced to Johnny Fox's about two years ago by a good friend. it is a nice place to visit.  food is amazing; a little pricey for me at present time but still delicious. i definitely recommend this place to my friends all the time.
Three of us went to JF on the Saturday before St Patties to have an early dinner. There was a sign outside stating 2 for 18$ prime rib, potato, and soup. So they sat us at a table in the bar area. The tables are narrow and the seats didn't move so we all had to scoot forward which isn't so comfortable. The young waiter came to the table and did not welcome us or greet us, he just asked what we wanted to drink and left. So we ordered the prime rib, the funny thing is he asked how we wanted it cooked.  To my knowledge, prime rib is always rare??? Then he asked what we wanted on the potato, one of us stated fully loaded in which he stated, that's a two dollar upcharge. Then, I ordered a Caesar salad, which I never received... So the young man, with blonde hair told us how tired he was since he bought a jeep last night and went out in the dunes drinking...no excuse for poor service though. The meal was good, nothing special though.  Oddly enough, we never got our soup which was stated on the sign outside...maybe the guy who got my salad got our soup? I eat out everyday, and in Peoria its very competitive for your dollar. JF is in a building that another pub failed in...nuff said. I would email JF, but their website is under construction.  click on the picture to see the sign...never got the soup never got the salad johnnys  please respond to me
Went here for the first time and I loved it.  The dcor was nice and the service was great. I had the fettuccine with lamb meatballs and the serving was huge. 4 enormous meatballs and plenty of pasta. My daughter had the BBQ chicken sandwich and it was delicious. There were plenty of beers on tap to choice from. The server mentioned that they offer half off all food Mon-Thurs from 3pm to 6pm. Will definitely be back.
Love this place, good live music in the outdoor area and its not to loud. Very friendly and they have all the Irish Beers! A nice place to unwind on a Friday evening.
Very impressed with this fun place at Arrowhead! Food was yum, service was pretty good! We were initially seated inside but it was such a nice night that we asked to be moved outside to the patio--NO PROBLEM! We got in a corner booth and it was perfect.   The only thing that keeps me from giving this 5 stars is that for those of us not imbibing in alcohol...we had to BEG for refills. And those were sparse at best. Hate that. :(  But, the food was quite yum. We had Fish and Chips, Shepherd's Pie, and Bangers and Mash. We also had the Corned Beef Nachos as a starter. All dishes were piping hot and very well seasoned without being over powering. I had the small portion of the Shepherd's Pie and it was just the right size. The side of veg on all of our dishes was sparse at best and very oily...and kind of an after thought but so be it. We also enjoyed the bread pudding, red velvet cake, and apple cake for dessert. The apple dessert really needed ice cream but was otherwise pretty good. The bread pudding was wonderful--not overly mushy. I'm not a red velvet fan but this one was moist and the frosting was super YUM!   All in all a good visit and I look forward to going back soon!
Great food choices with many different items you will not find everywhere. The fish and chips were very good and they give you the option of Cod or Seabass. I had the Seabass and enjoyed it very much. Service was a bit rushed but good. Many restaurants ask if you want dessert before you are finished with your dinner and I do not like that. I want to go back and try the Lamb stew. Worth a visit. Three bars in a large multi room restaurant so seating is quick at rush time if you are willing to sit at the bar. Give it a try!
This is nothing like the previous Lis Doon Varna (which was arguably one of the best Irish restaurants in this corner of the valley) - only the building is the same. Very slow service, and the food was super greasy. One of the few pluses are the deserts and small portion options.  My daughter and I came in for lunch after an offsite school function. After getting an initial drink order in, it took quite some time for our server to return to take our main order.  We ordered Curry Chips as an appetizer. Comparing to our local Irish Wolfhound, the curry had good flavor, but was far too thin to adequately coat the fries.  I ordered a lunch portion Guinness and Beef Cobbler. It was bland and greasy. The Guinness flavor was there, but was overpowered by the amount of oil in the sauce. The puff pastry seemed like it had been prepared hours prior and wasn't all that warm.   My daughter ordered the Chicken and Leek pie. It appeared to be topped with a very hard biscuit. The pie contents were oily and bland (needed salt).  For both of our plates, the vegetable side had good flavor (sauteed with onions), but was also quite oily.   Once we had finished our meal (or were ready to box the remains), it took some time to get our server's attention for both refills and to order desert.  There was some redemption for desert. I ordered some bread pudding (to take home to my wife.). I took a few bites before packaging it up. The sauce was sweet and pungent of the whiskey used to make it. My daughter ordered something chocolaty that she claimed was heaven.  I suppose if they had some sort of live event where I was only eating desert and beer, I'd be compelled to return, but I wouldn't recommend this place for any sort of solid Irish fare for a main meal.
This barley got 2 stars. Took my family there for Mothers Day Brunch and although some of the breakfast items were tasty the rest was less than desirable. The table was filthy with gum under the chairs that you had to scoot in. The bathrooms were just disgusting. It was 100 outside and 85 inside. The server we had was sweet and attentive but the serving staff at the buffet were rude and presentation was not important to them at all. By the way assorted desserts really means some dry coffee cakes and nothing to write home about. Also they charged us for my nephew who should have been free and even Ice tea was not included in the brunch price. We will not being going back there. We did mention this to the Manager on our way out very politely and we just were looked at like we were crazy.. you win some and you loose some they just lost 5 customers :(
You have to love the layout if this place.  Ample areas to select based upon your group size, friendly staff, and decent selection of beer.  Plus, the hummus is awesome - not even traditional Irish/British fare.  Heard this was closing? Shame, shame :(
Had Brunch here today.  Fantastic Prime Rib !  Shrimp salad was great as well.  Enjoyed the walk up do it your self Bloody Mary station. Great way to set it up.  Our waitress was right on time, offered refills and clean plates (for seconds) without our asking.  The manager came to the table twice just to check on us and made sure we had the right seating for the baby.    All in all a very nice fathers day in a fun pub.  Will be back.
Here for the first time. Outside enjoying the live band, but not enjoying my experience since this venue allows smoking within 20 ft of door. Apparently AZ law's do not apply here at this venue.
If you happen to be up ever on a Sunday morning between 10 and two and you happen to live in the area of Bell Road you would be very ignorant not to try Johnny Fox's the best brunch I've ever had in my entire life right up there with the Biltmore fashion park right up there with the brunches at the Biltmore the meet is absent incredible they have everything you could ever want for breakfast including lamb ,ham And animals spam It's all there on The buffet it is a don't miss experience
Can't believe this place is still in business.  We went to the Harkin's Theater for an evening movie and decided to have a later evening dinner after, reverse of our norm.   Upon leaving the theater we quickly realized that we would have to walk somewhere to eat dinner since the roads in the vicinity were in gridlock, the Peoria Stadium had just finished up their 4th of July festivities.  We were quite happy to see Johnny Fox's Public House on the end of the parking lot.  The outside of the building looked inviting so we decided to try it.  We were greeted by a very nice blonde hostess who quickly brought us to a cozy booth in the bar area.  As she sat us, she handed us 3 regular menus, and 3 "late night" menus (it was 10:05pm).  I excused myself and went to the restroom (which was far from clean).  On the back of the stall door and by the sinks I noticed posted signs that discussed their happy hour and times, 10pm being "Reverse HH".  Right after I sat back down at the table, the hostess began picking presentation signs up off of all the table.  I noticed it was the HH signs.  Hmmm.  About that time, the server came back to our table and said "Sorry, the kitchen has taken down their line for the regular menu, we only have the late night menu", and he removed the menus from our table.  I then asked about the HH.  He said that they didn't do HH on holidays (not stated on the flyers, table menu or even their website that I looked at later).  Since we needed time to look at the alternate menu, we asked for a few minutes to decide.  I looked around and other tables that were just being sat were still being given the standard menu, even though by this time it was well after 10.  We asked to speak to the manager.  A dark haired man in a cheesy royal blue jacket came to our table side.  When I told him our concerns and said we would not be ordering anything else and would like to pay our check (my husband had ordered a drink), he just said, "I'm sorry you feel that way,  would you like me to take care of that for you" (meaning our bill).  I figured he would at least give us HH price on the 1 beer, but no, instead he ran our credit card for the full amount and brought it back. I have to say, we go out to eat about 3-4 times a week and with all of the wonderful restaurants to choose from in the Phoenix are, we will not make the mistake of going to Johnny Fox's Public House ever again.
OK, this is a follow up to my first visit.  Had to go to Luke AFB for blood work and dental appointment afterwards so I took Mary to Johnny Fox's...this entire menu is half off Mon-Thurs so we were told as we came in.  Mary had tilapia and I had the town steak.  We were drinking lemonade. I ordered a shrimp cocktail and it was good, then the food came and everything was cooked nicely and tasted great. I ordered creamsicle cake and we shared it. When we got our bill, they forgot everything was half off...COME ON NOW!!! But it was corrected and everyone lived.  A better experience this time and a nice waitress.
It felt like you combined a rustic cottage with a cathedral, breathtaking interior design. Loved the authentic design and cultural aspects of this pub, which combined with their friendly staff, unique lighting (low lighting in many areas and then BAM has a skylight as well), and raw/real crowd gave it a fantastic atmosphere. Whether you want to go out with family, friends, or dates it's practically great for everyone. Oh and there's three massive bars, a 270 degree bar at the front, a normal 180 bar, and a horseshoe bar outside. There's authentic Irish food, some English food on the menu, as well as more familiar American items if you're not the adventurous type.   On Friday and Saturday nights on their outdoor patio and horseshoe bar they have live music.
This is another one of those cases where the quality of the food doesn't quite meet the quality of the service.  We LOVED the food!  My lamb shank was tender and the barley gravy perfectly done.  Our waiter just seemed to be a tad off.  Maybe a bad day or worrying about the impending storm.  Not sure but we tried awfully hard to get him to smile and to engage him in conversation.  Wednesday is also 1/2 price night so you couldn't beat the price.  I would come back again...give him another try, too.  To his credit, the beer he suggested was perfect for my taste.
I will always love the place for its wonderful decor, but was saddened to be greeted most recently with tunes reminiscent of a Miami club. The music improved as we sat for dinner and changed back to the traditional Irish music I was hoping for and expecting. The food was decent when we started coming here a few years ago, but has continued to go downhill unfortunately. There is so much potential, but until they improve the menu and embrace their Irish roots, I don't see things getting any better. A good potato soup and an improved Guinness beef stew would be a huge boost to the offerings. I want to love this place, but currently the only things bringing me back are the great facade, the Kennedy room, the beer and the dessert. The west valley needs a great gathering spot and this could be it. I hope the owners give it a little more love and bring it to the place it ought to be.
Came in on a Sunday night, and not many people were here. Got the Bangers and mash, and my fianc had the curry chicken. Both dishes were outstanding, and the service was great. Beer prices were spot on, but the food was a bit on the expensive side. Will definitely come back.
Happy hour was great.  Loved the pulled pork sliders and the fried calamari.
Alright, so after a long hiatus, I tried this place again.  I had the Sheppards pie, which was decent, not great, but decent.   Half off food for happy hour?? Yeah I'll probably be back.  *edit* they no longer have the half off menu. no reason to go back :(
I've been here twice now, one time sober and another time spontaneously while bar hopping...(aka not so sober). I've,sadly, only sat at the bar for a drink or two but the dining area seemed perfect for a cute wine and dine with a date, family, or friends. The entire restaurant reminded me of some sort of fancy house that all these people were invited to for a special celebration of some sort... And they all don't know each other so it's public yet private at the same time haha maybe that was a bad narrative but hope you get my drift.  The bartenders are always.. And I mean always, very polite, very knowledgable about the drink selection, and are just the right amount of social to help make the place feel a little more like home. I would prob come here alone if I ever mustered up the courage to do that (grown up business..I'm not there yet). All in all, great place! But I am waiting to try their food before giving them the last star
This is an authentic Irish pub! I had the Bellybutton, wonderful! can't wait to go back!
Came here to test out food for our company celebration, it was great! We booked and then had a really good time. Nice beer selection.
After my favorite bar down the street closed down, we needed to find a new place to grab a quick beer. I think we found it.   We've been here a few times before but always at really odd hours on really odd days when it's slow. We finally came in early on a Saturday night and it really shows what this place is made of.   Our bartender was really personable and he was able to have quick, relatable conversations with all of his customers sitting at the bar.   The selection is mostly Irish (lots of scotch, whiskey, Irish beers,etc) and we've never tried the food, but the atmosphere is friendly and it's a great place to get together with friends.   Service is the main thing here and they have it down pat.
Best Irish Sunday breakfast buffet in town...bit pricey (adult: $18) but so worth it, and one that certainly can lead one to sinful gluttony. The Irish sausage and the creamed salmon are the real deal. Polite, attentive and yet not intrusive service. Five stars were the dessert selections a bit more interesting (note to management, if they're reading: sherry trifle!). But truth be told, you'd have to be a trencherman or -woman of truly heroic appetite to feel the need for a closing course of sweet after a swoop on this buffet. Plan for a post-prandial hour or two to devote to reflection and digestion after a Sunday morning at Johnny Fox's.
Missed the Fish Fry special Saturday.  Nice enough folks, live music, nice outdoor patio.  I had a chance hang out with friends here.  Amazing in the winter I bet.  Can't wait for the cool season to check this place out.
Place closed with no notice. Two days after they sold me a gift card. Gave to a good friend for Christmas. Guess we are out of luck getting our money back.,,
Love, love,love this place! Happy hour is amazing and the food, drink, and service has yet to disappoint! We can't wait to go back!
Really sad that this place closed... I hope someone buys it and keeps it an Irish pub!!
Its great.  The ambience is amazing just like the original Brocach.  The menu seems awesome as the other one.  We went for brunch and it was great.  We were greeted by the hostess & the manager.  Then the watiress had good service too.  Everyone enjoyed their food, the fried cheese sandwich looked the best, even though I didn't have it.  We had a good eggs benedict with ham, seasoned with rosemary.  Our only gripe was that the eggs were pretty runny, but hey they are new, and it was New Years so I kept 5 stars for having a great staff at 10 AM even after Madison New Years Celebrations.
Very cozy, family-friendly atmosphere with great Irish/pub food.    Took our daughters with us who are 5 and 8 and they loved it.  I had the Bangers and Mash and my wife had the Fish and Chips and both were delicious.  Generous portion sizes.  I only ate half of mine and took the rest home for lunch the next day.    Both the kids had Mac and Cheese and it wasn't some Kraft and Mac N Cheese, but homemade.  Ice Cream is included in the kid's meals which was a hit.    Service was prompt and friendly and the food came out fast.  Brocach on Monroe St has  a great atmosphere whether you have kids or not and we'll definitely be going back.
Atmoshere is Nice and does not feel as crowded as the one by capitol. My only disappointment was that the menu is different...but the food was very good.
Fun atmosphere, great menu and food!
We've gone to the Brocach on the Square a few times, loving it at first and then being let down a few times. It's been okay, but we stopped saying, "Oh! Let's go to Brocach!" Today, we found ourselves in front of a closed Trader Joe's for Easter, so we decided to get dinner instead, and Brocach was the only place open.  We kind of trudged in and waltzed out! The food was great here. I loved the decor -- the high tables and big booths were so luxurious.  First I got a cup of the vegetarian potato leek soup, which was lovely. Derek got the rosemary and salt wings which he devoured.   The mac n cheese sounded great, but it had kielbasa in it so I decided to try something else (though the waitress said that it's super easy to take it off). Derek got the mac n cheese instead. IT WAS SO GOOD. I am used to restaurant mac n cheese getting lazy and using the presence of a really creamy-looking dish in place of something that actually tastes good. Or, adding bread crumbs on top of a pile of bland as hell dish and calling it gourmet. This dish looked completely unassuming, but the flavors were fantastic. We kept taking another bite and another bite! Ugh, yum.  I had the walnut burger which is vegetarian and had artichoke on top of it. It had cheese or a sauce, I can't remember, and some mixed greens. With the onion bun, so many great flavors were in my mouth. Happy camper 100%.  I think next time we want Brocach, we'll head to the Monroe Street location!
We went here recently on an off hour of about 3 in the afternoon.  Waitress was top notch and professional.   Food was very good and came out quickly, fresh and hot.  Someone in the restaurant almost choked on a bite of food and the waitress and manager showed up right away and handled everything right for the poor fellow.  They brought a glass of water for him and made sure everything was ok.   They didn't overdo it but did just enough and handled the situation so professionally I was really impressed.  Nice to see a place so well run.
Brocach means "badger den" in gaelic.  We wondered if there were any badgers in Ireland... lest you doubt, check out the good folks at http://www.badgerwatch.ie/ doing their best for badger preservation.  Cute pics too.     Irish-American comfort food... you may get pretty comfortable after a pint or two and then some cheese dip (well, we ARE in Wisconsin) and hearty selections like shepherd's pie (wife-endorsed) or the house signature burger - come on, needed some more CHEESE to top off that BEEEEF! (in no way diminishing the desire to visit Fromagination)  Friendly service, nice vibe, captured the feel of Irish pubs.  Perfect for all badgers, students and otherwise of all stripes.
I got the shepherd's pie and my friend got the bangers & mash. The shepherd's pie uses chuck roast I believe so it has nice chunks of beef. You get quite a bit of food for the price. The waitstaff was nice and they had a great selection of beer.  This location is a lot less busy than the one on the capitol square. So, if you don't want to wait, this is a good choice. The menus are a little different at the different locations.
Tasty Brunch with Big Portions  Jeff and I decided to try something sorta new but sorta familiar. We went to the newish Brocach on Monroe street for brunch.  Jeff had the Walnut Burger and I had the Benedict. Jeff's loved his sandwhich and thought the onion roll and artichokes were a good twist.  I also loved my Benedict but it was way too much to love. With two homemade biscuits, two eggs, two large ham steaks, two pieces of toast, a pile of potatoes, and a fruit cup, this meal could feed 3-4 people...seriously.  The coffee was decent and not offensive, but it wasn't one would hope for in a neighborhood containing many good, local coffee options.  Overall, good stuff.
Went here last night after a recommendation from a friend. Had a large group of 11 and they were very helpful with assisting us sitting altogether. The waitress, Kelly, was great. Very attentive, friendly, and split up our check individually without hesitation or any kinda of disgust (like I see at many other restaurants when asking to split up a large check).  The appetizer came very quickly and was delicious! All the food was terrific as well and affordable prices as well. Great atmosphere, comfortable chairs, and less crazy busy than the one downtown. We will definitely be back here again in the very near future.
The food gets 5 stars -- the server recommended the Shepherd's Pie and it was tasty. I had to take half of it home because it was such a large serving.My fiancee had the Pesto Chicken Wrap and it was good as well.   The atmosphere also gets 5 stars-- a really neat looking interior that I imagine will be really cozy when it gets cooler outside.  The only reason I'm giving it a 4-star review is that 5 or 6 of the on-duty employees decided to congregate around a nearby table when an off-duty employee came in for a visit. I understand that business was winding down - but we sat with dirty dishes in front of us for 15 minutes while they all chatted it up. I'm really not that "get off my lawn" kind of angry customer - I'm young and spent many years working in restaurants. Just know the time and place, staffers -- and try not to make nearby customers feel uncomfortable.
Thoroughly enjoyed our cozy lunch.
I want this place to be great because it's so convenient to my house, and my kids like it.  But it's not great.  I ordered my daughter a brunch off the kids menu:  egg and cheese scrambler with whole wheat toast and a side of fruit.  What came was an egg and cheese scrambler with white toast and a heaping helping of fried potatoes.  Our waiter was perfectly nice about it -- when I asked her about the fruit, she looked at the menu, agreed it was supposed to come with fruit, and brought out a plate of fruit.  And when I asked her about the toast, she brought out some whole wheat toast.  Still, it's troublesome when what's brought out is different in so many ways from the dish on the menu.  The reviewer who described the breakfasts as capable of feeding 3-4 people must have had very small people in mind.  The eggs Benedict I got today was a single half-muffin, one poached egg, one slice of ham.  That the brunch filled me up at all was due to yet another large pile of fried potatoes.  They were good!  But a brunch of fried potatoes with a side of eggs benedict was not what I had in mind.     The place was almost empty, but after waiting a while I had to get up and walk to the bar in order to get my coffee refilled.  If the food were great, all this stuff would be no problem.  And the food isn't bad!  But it's ordinary.  The quality is about the same as at Mickie's Dairy Bar, the greasy spoon up the street -- but Mickie's gives you twice as much ordinary food at half the cost.  Which I guess is why they're always full and we were one of only three tables eating at Brocach.
I hope we hit Brocach on an off night. On a Wednesday during happy hour we tried the slider flight and were surprised that all 4 sliders were awful--some were overcooked, some had flavorless or slightly rancid ingredients, and all of them were poorly seasoned. The parmesan garlic fries were served in what even grease lovers like us had to agree was just too much grease, though the fries themselves had great texture and--when you got the too-strong garlic off--good flavor. The potato leek soup was thin, without any of the richness or flavor I would have expected.
We stopped here for lunch on a Saturday and had a great meal and above average service by our waitress.  My dining companion and I split the Beer Cheese dip and it was delicious!  It is warm, smooth and creamy, and has just the right amount of heat.  It is served with some soft, warm pretzels and some raw carrots and red peppers.  Had I been alone, I could have made a meal from this.  We both had a cup of potato leek soup, that was also very good and it comes with a warm brown bread muffin, made in house.  We were already full after that but wanted to try an entree, so we asked to split the fish and chips.  Our waitress brought it out split evenly on two separate plates.  It was a nice surprise as we had expected to split it ourselves.  The fish and fries were both hot, crisp and tasty.  I did not try the coleslaw because by then I was just too full.  The decor is warm and beautiful, and our waitress was very personable without being overbearing.  She gets an A+ for keeping my water glass full.    I was a little surprised at some of the prices, but that would be my only criticism.  Burgers are $12 and our lunch fish and chips was $14.  It seems a little pricey, but the quality of the food is good.  Oh wait...one more thing...the paint job in the restroom is a little disturbing, looks like a blood bath took place, I was not a fan.
Great place. I went here with a group of friend on a Friday night and it was packed. Good thing we had a reservation! We got to sit in this cozy table by the window that had these super long benches. Very nice.  The first thing we did was order some drinks. They have a good selection of Irish imports. I got the Magner's pear cider and the guys got Guinness and some other beers. They were served at just the right temperature (I know because I tried :P)  But the real kicker was the food. I got the Shepherd's Pie, which was awesome! The beef, pea, and carrot filling was so yummy and piping hot. I think it's interesting that they used chuck instead of ground beef, which gives the dish much more flavor. The mashed potatoes were nicely browned and tasty. What more could you ask for?   Overall a very nice meal. I'd definitely be interested in coming again and also checking out their Gypsy swing nights....
Went on a tues....half price bottles.  Bartenders are very knowledgeable and gave good reccommendations and if possible, gave me tastes too which she felt matched my pallate.
We frequent Brocach on Monroe St. often. Some of our favorite aspects of it are its ample seating and tasty food. The children's menu is fantastic, too--with the Maxburger being their favorite entree.
I've done dinner and brunch here. The burger is ok - nothing to write home about. I enjoyed the brie mac & cheese, but that's a well you don't always want to drink from. The brunch options feel kind of limited and I was under whelmed.   Decent selection of whiskey and sort of what you expect in Madison for beer. I like the atmosphere, the pseudo-pub-feeling-restaurant vibe is good.  I'll go again when the mood strikes, but it's not a must-visit destination for me.
We had a Saturday morning breakfast.  There were only three breakfast choices on Saturday and the lunch menu.  The options were corn beef and hash, french toast, and a vegetable frittata.  I was a a little disappointed by the lack of options.  My wife and I both ordered the frittata and we were not disappointed at all.  It was easily the best frittata that I have ever had.  It had cherry tomatoes, roasted peppers, mushrooms, asparagus, fresh basil, and chvre.  It was absolutely delicious.  The fried potatoes that came with were cooked and seasoned perfectly.  We will definitely be back
This place is UNBELIEVABLE. it's osteria papavero and gastropub in one!!!!!! Omg, if you've been to the branch at the Capitol, this is a totally different restaurant. They don't share a menu, and the food is WAYYYYYYYYY better.   You can make reservations for big groups and by the table are HUGE sofa booths, very very nice to sit. Not so convenient for getting out if you're on the inside, but that's too bad for those who didn't realize the negative points in exchange for the good view :p  Food: DUCK FAT FRIES. how can anyone not have this on the menu!!! oily little wedges. Seafood risotto - soooooooooo good. best I ever had Shepherd's pie - so huge you have to eat it for several meals (females and small appetites only)  Here, go ahead, go share my new favorite restaurant. Everyone leaves satisfied!
Definitely not worth it for Restaurant week.  Their regular menu may be good, but I was unimpressed by the selection and price of the Restaurant week items...less than stellar by far.
I came here because of my fellow Yelpers. It did not disappoint.  We had a scotch egg, and duck fat fries for appetizers. Both were delicious. The duck fat fries are probably one of the best things I've eaten in some time... AND, the left overs tasted great the next day!  My fianc had a salad, and she said she really liked it. I got the shepherd's pie, which was extremely delicious.  One thing I will say is this... the food came out SOOO fast. I mean, so fast that it almost felt like everything is pre-made in advance. It was literally 3-5 mins for the apps, and another 5 mins for the entrees. I've not seen that kind of speed before in a restaurant where everything is made fresh.
Thanks to Chef Chris and the catering staff at Brocach for making our daughter's wedding perfect!  The food was amazing, the cake and cupcakes awesome, and the staff was very friendly!  I highly recommend them for your next catered event!
Brocach Monroe, I'm smitten!   The ambiance is might brighter than the Capitol Square location but maintains the cozy booths and wooden accents. The menu has some nice vegan/vegetarian options-- chilled green gazpacho, golden beet salad, vegetarian shepherd's pie, and a walnut burger! I got the Muffaletta (marinated vegetables, olives, artichoke hearts and tuscan hummus on ciabatta) - YUM. Apparently this is a specialty in New Orleans? Delicious combination of flavors.   I love that the menu incorporates Irish classics with rock solid other options (hey, some of us just aren't bangers and mash folks). Even if you've been to the downtown location it's worth a jaunt to the west side, laddies!
HOLY SMOKES the burger was HUGE. I had to take a break in between bites to regain my composure before digging in again. It was our first time in an Irish place but we weren't too adventurous. The Hail Mary although big, wasn't our fav Madison burger.  Spinach and artichoke dip (see my pic) was really generous and we were totally filled up on that before the burger even arrived! That is a "must order" if you go!
Went here for a Sunday brunch. Services wasn't the best. Slow but friendly. Which ill take any day over I dont give a crap about my job attitude. Get out of the customer service industry then.  Alpha Mary- awesome garnishes and well seasoned & spiked. Worth the $10 price tag.  Bourbon Bacon Bloody- Wished I ordered two of this. Fun twist with the bourbon. It was also rimmed with a sweet/smoky blend of sugar and spices. I recommend ordering your mary with bourbon at least once if given the option.  Biscuit and Gravy - so from the look at the plate it looked like a whole lot food. Which is great if it actually tasted like complete comfort food. Biscuit where dry with no fluffy/flaky inside. The breakfast potatoes on the side where cold and not seasoned at all. Drowned them in ketchup. The dish also came with two eggs. I got them sunnyside. When i got the plate i thought they forgot my egg but then discovered they where on top of the biscuits under the gravy! WAYYYYY! If I would of known they do that i would have asked them to put them on the side. The sunny yolk flavor was lost under all the gravy. I love poking the yolk with a fork to see the yolk run and then scope them with the potatoes or toast. But did love that the gravy was made with whole slices of mushrooms and sausages rather then ground up. Also had an excellent rosemary flavor but again needed some salt and pepper.   Now this the Monroe location. Been downtown location only for dinner. Still need to try their brunch. The menu a little different but hopefully their bloodies are the bomb.  The quest to try every Bloody and Biscuit & Gravy shall go on.
You really can't go wrong here. The brunch is amazing, and the rest of the menu is delicious. The atmosphere and waitstaff are wonderful too. It looks classy and has a neighborhood bar feel. Oh yeah, and beer, always good beer at decent prices.
I wanted to give Brochach Monroe 3 stars - it is one of my neighborhood places- but I can't. I will start with the positive which is that the potato leek soup was some of best I have had: rich, but not too rich, and topped with real smoky bacon, parmesan and a parsley oil swirl. The bread that accompanied it however was a worst of the worst Sysco white roll that was billed as 'petite sourdough'. I don't think so. No sourdough there. This roll was served ice cold on a frigid day with boring butter. I was dreaming of some Irish sweet butter. It said to me that someone in the kitchen doesn't care.  I asked for a cup of hot water- instead of ice water -did I mention it was 2 degrees outside? and received a cup of clear hot water that tasted like it came out of the bottom of a dirty coffee pot. AGH! Really bad! and they were making tea from that hot water.  the place has a nice vibe and was comfy in a pubby sort of way. I will go back and try it again, it is in my 'hood after all.
Amazingly delicious Irish food! The wait staff is incredibly helpful in making decisions. My partner loved the cottage pie and I had the fish and chips. Everything was very flavorful (more than other "Irish" bars for sure). Totally recommend this place.
This was one of the first places I tried in Madison.  After having several brunches and lunches this is one of my favorite places to go.  The food at this clean, upscale Irish styled pub is consistently very good as is the atmosphere and service.
My husband and I have spent a few afternoons just chilling out at Brocach with friends. The atmosphere is just so cozy at both the bar and dining area. The servers and bartenders are very attentive and fun. They have a great selection of beer and I absolutely LOVE the food!!!!  The duck fat fries are ridiculous... I don't know why that appetizer exists, but I am so glad it does. YUM!!!! Brocach also has delicious wings with very unique and tasty sauce options. The Guiness stout sauce is probably my favorite.  I usually order the baked Mac and Cheese for dinner because it's incredible. I should probably venture out and get something else one of these days... But I just love that dish too much. My husband likes the burgers a lot and everyone I have ever dined with here enjoyed their meals immensely. Can't wait to go back!
Great recommendation from the Trader Joe's staff.  I love asking locals for their favorites & was definitely steered in the right direction.  Very cozy atmosphere & great service.   We shared a salad to start with & our server split without our asking, such a nice added extra touch plus with no added extra charge.  Beer & food recommendations from the server were spot on.
We visited Brocach's on Monroe Street on 4/9/14. Overall, the food was extremely disappointing. The service was adequate, but average.  We arrived and were promptly seated by a host who seemed a bit cranky. However, it was about 8pm on a Tuesday night, so the lack of waiting was not surprising. The restaurant does look very nice.  The decor is similar to their original Capitol Square location: dark wood paneling, cozy and warmly colored walls, and a very welcoming "Irish-Pub vibe".  We ordered the Beer Cheese Dip appetizer, which came with soft pretzel sticks for dipping. The dip arrived with a  congealed "skin" on top, as though it had been sitting out and cooling for awhile before being served. The liquid cheese underneath the solid surface had a bitter, almost metallic, aftertaste. I imagine that the goal was for the dip to have a pronounced beer flavor, but it didn't work for me. It hardly tasted cheesy at all, and the taste it left in my mouth was gross. My dining partner didn't seem to dislike this dish as much as me, so this could be a matter of my personal preference. However, for a $9 dollar appetizer, it should have at least been served piping hot, rather than lukewarm. Unfortunately, this item provided an ominous preview of what was still to come.  My partner was in the mood for something light so he ordered the American Club sandwich with french fries. He commented that the sandwich, which contained ham, turkey, cheddar, swiss, lettuce, tomato and mustard, was "extremely average", and rated it "5 out of 10". He liked his fries a lot though, and thought they were the saving grace of his meal. The fries looked and tasted a lot like McDonald's fries, and everyone knows how tasty those are!  In the mood to splurge with no regard to calories, I ordered off of the "Mac and Cheese" section of the menu. I got the Bacon Bleu Mac, which the menu claimed contained: "trottole pasta, bacon, scallions, cream, bleu cheese, cheddar cheese curds"   What came out to me was: under cooked (hard and chewy) pasta in an extremely dry (nearly non-existent) generic cheese sauce.  The vast plate was topped with about 3 blue cheese crumbles, which was not enough to impart a discernible blue cheese flavor to the dish. There was an overwhelming amount of crumbled-up bacon and no scallions.   The only flavor in the dish was bacon. I like bacon as much as the next person, but the flavor was overpowering. I gave half of it to my bacon-loving dining partner so that I could attempt to taste the other flavors. I was unsuccessful, as there were no other flavors to be found.  When I ordered, I was envisioning a luscious, rich, and creamy dish with a variety of subtle flavors and lots of cheesy goodness.  What I got was a boring plate of plain dry pasta with too much bacon crumbled on top. It was not good, and I would have been more satisfied eating Kraft from a box.    I was a fan of Brocach's downtown location so I was surprised by how much of a let-down this was. I also hear they have a site in Milwaukee now too. I fear that Brocach may be sacrificing quality for quantity in their recent expansions, and sadly, I cannot recommend this restaurant anymore based on the quality and flavor of the foods we tried. Step it up, Brocach!
tucked away at gate C1 in the vegas airport, hence probably hardly any reviews haha.  But a good little place to get away from the many people bustling round for a quick drink.  They were actually nice enough to let me eat Jersey Mike's sandwich there while drinking a beer.    They do have a menu for food too but what's not on the menu that they serve are nacho cheese and hotdogs? Not sure why it's not on the menu but you can see it behind the bar counter.
If I could give 0 stars I would. I have been sitting here for over 20 minutes and have yet to be greeted. I finally went to the bar to place my order and there is one bartender and still no drink. The only reason why I've stuck around this long is because I found a charging station at my table.   As I'm typing this, the bartender approached my table aggressively and yelled, "how dare you ask me to clean your table and not order a drink!" I said, "excuse me? I ordered a Bloody Mary 20 minutes ago from you and you have yet to bring it to me." He said, "oh yah I forgot."   I have never been so offended by a Resturant/bar staff member in my life. Unbelievable! John Taffer from Bar Rescue would be falling over right now!   Needless to say, I got up and left.
This is a strange little place, located near the C1 gate in the busy, crowded Southwest Airlines concourse. Even though it looks like a regular restaurant, there doesn't appear to be any table service. After seating myself at an open table, I waited about ten minutes and watched other patrons go to the bar to order food and drink. So after perusing the menu, I wandered over and asked if anything on their menu could be made gluten free. (I have celiac disease, so eating gluten is a big no for me.) Sadly, nothing on their menu is GF.   But I was thirsty, so I did order a pomegranate mojito. Here's where Corcoran's earned its second star. The bartender made it by hand, and it was good and strong. Not sure it was worth the price - with tip it came to almost $20 - but it definitely hit the spot before a long flight home to Atlanta.
I'll give this place a 2 star review for the two good things about it. First, located between gate C1 and C2 it is quiet and away from the craziness, so plus one. Second, the beer was cold. It's airport food and no one expecting fine dining, but there little redemption here.  The food is all bagged chips and pre-made sandwiches that look and taste like they came off a food truck. The menu does not make that clear nor do you really notice the small half sized fridge you serve yourself out of.   The "Irish" in this pub you get in the few beers on tap and the typical Irish music they  pump out at you, otherwise you'll need to be Irish to up that ante on that side of things.   If you just want a quick, $8-9 beer then swing in, it will be quiet and kill time. If you have any real hankering for real food find another spot to eat at and leave this "Irish Classic" out of your plans.
Located next to C1, it's the perfect place to drink off that Vegas hangover while you wait for your flight. Not too expensive either - 9 dollar glass of wine is cheaper than I paid anywhere on the strip! I got some entertaining Vegas stories from the other patrons -- including one from a man whose traveling companion was too drunk to make it through security. Better than reading a copy of Us Weekly!
I tried to go here to get a bite to eat and have a Smithwick's.  There's a fridge with premade sandwiches and no Smithwick's.  I don't think you can call yourself an Irish Pub just because one of the 6 beers you have on tap is a Guinness.  I ended up going somewhere else...
Rude, rude, rude.   Over priced.   The bartender could barely communicate and didn't give us 5 minutes to look at the menu before he was telling us we had to order or leave.   Not one customer in the place and he wants to rush us out.  Glad there are many other choices in the airport with trained staff who welcome customers
Corcoran's is a typical overpriced airport bar that is definitely off the beaten path. It is an "Irish in name only" pub that is located in the corner of the Southwest terminal, right next to C1. Due to its remote location, it was just about empty when I showed up (which made for prompt, courteous service).
Packed house for the Grand Opening.  Mcfaddens is known as a sports bar/local watering hole on the east coast, and it will without a doubt succeed here in Las Vegas. The Management team did a great job of scouting the area before they opened, to gauge the need of us locals. It will surely deliver a fun atmosphere, friendly service, and affordable pricing. The food quality will double that of Millers Ale House, and their specials rival any establishment in Town Square.  Make this your go-to at TS and you will not be dissapoonted.
Automatic +3 stars just for having gotten rid of the mechanical bull.   I came here with a pal to check out the new digs and it had a fresh new take on the corner locale upstairs from Yardhouse that has otherwise seemed haunted by its predecessors. It looks like somebody in Town Square management finally realized that putting in a country-slash-hip-hop-slash-EDM bar was just poor business sense and a waste of real estate!   [Enter McFadden's] The whole place is wide and open, with a bar each as soon as you enter, as you walk through the joint, and again on the outside patio in the back. It's like a game to see if you can make it to the end of the venue without being tempted by a shot of whiskey or a pint of beer. Hint: everyone loses.   I can't comment on the food as I had none, but McFadden's is spacious with tables/chairs and booths abound, whilst boasting itself as the "Home of the $5 Burger." With happy hour from 4p-7p and reverse happy hour Sunday-Tuesday from 9p-close, I can see myself stopping by for a sip and a bite because of its convenient location.   Cheers to a new bar, may it actually stick around this time!
Hot girls on the bar and awesome drink specials!! What more can you ask for? Definitely a great addition to town square! Crazy 80oz fishbowl drinks!!!!
Went to this place last night for the grand opening.  Checked out the website and saw that they had a food menu.  I get there and there is no food you can order, just servers walking around with samples.  Why have food on your website if you can't actually order it yet!?!?  Mismanaged!  Seems that this place is just another typical Vegas party bar with music so loud you can't even hear yourself think.  The sound system was cranked up so high the speakers were distorting or the amps were.  If I want this kind of experience I'll go to Blue Martini where the music actually sounds decent.  Get the food out, and fix the system, or turn it down because it sounds like crap!  When they actually start serving food I'll go back and then modify this review, but as for now this place is no different than any other bar in Vegas.
as a las vegas local ive been to mcfaddens at the rio hotel. A bar with a high energy vibe & good place to take a big group of friends to. other than the location being at the rio i felt it was just an average bar.   with that being said, i attended the grand opening at the new location at Town Square. i go to town square often but i am more of a yard house person. the moment i walked in i was amazed on how much fun everyone was having! the service was great for the staff was definitely mood creating, mingling, & interacting with the guests! ive never really experienced this at a local bar & it was something that i thought was a people pleaser! the DJ was great playing good music with a variety of everything! i will absolutely go back for drinks & suggest to a friend! Congrats on the new location!
Ah the new kids in town.  McFadden's just recently opened and though that's apparent to a trained eye, to the average person this place looks like it's been around for awhile.  I decided to meet my CrossFit amigos for an impromptu Sunday Funday around 5:30PM.  Upon arrival, I was introduced to T, our bartender for the night.  I was then also informed that it was happy hour! Hooray! Half-priced EVERYTHING until 7PM.  Literally, everything. Now that's exciting, yes but kind of dangerous! I'm still feeling the effects of half-priced tequila 24 hours later.   The menu is very 'bar food' ish (and all looked delicious) but I was stoked to see a healthy option hidden between burgers and fried cheese - Build your own salad! And they had great options for veggies, protein and fats - everything this Paleo gal needs to create a bomb ass salad. They even let you fill out a sheet, kind of like at 'The Counter' so there was no mistaking exactly what I had ordered.  I even wrote 'dressing on side' and whataya know! They actually put it on the side!!  It wasn't very busy but in time I'm sure more people will start piling in. It's so much better than Miller's, I think Yard House would be the only real competition. Hope this place makes it!
McFadden's is a cool bar and I had a great time there. I had been to the old McFadden's in the Rio and this one is way better. The bars are pretty big and it is easy to get a drink. The bartenders are really friendly and sometimes they will give you free shots and they announce it over the intercom. I was there for the grand opening and saw a lot of people I knew and they were having a great time too. I can't wait to go there for St. Patrick's Day, and I am definitely down to go to McFadden's again.
We had friends who went this weekend to the grand opening so we decided to try it tonight. They had karaoke which was fine but when you go through their menu and all the promotions for Tuesday it says half off on appetizers and cocktails. Which is apparently not true what they meant for cocktail - when we receive the bill for our drinks-its only for beer and well drinks but nothing says it on the menu and our waitress was as useful as a pet rock. We waited at several 30 minute intervals her walking past the table at least 4 times to simply order and get our water down cocktails. During that time never mentioned that it was for well drinks.
Opening night was packed, but not that great.  DJ's were meh.  Bartenders kind of lost.  Only food "samples."  Ran out of Guinness?  Service was hectic.  Why not have a "soft open" like most places in Vegas to fix these issues?  To re-iterate what Ron posted above: "bartender tells me she can't keep my tab open because she doesn't "know how." This seems like it should be standard knowledge for a worker at a bar..."  I had the same issue here.  I ended up just paying with cash as not to "complicate" these girls jobs any more.  I would imagine knowing the POS system would be a requisite for any bartender?  From talking with one worker I gathered that some of the "bartenders" came from the old Coconuts across the way and apparently worked with or were hired by a manager who is now at McFadden's.  Guess this would explain why some of the "bartenders" are not trained and sort of lost behind the bar... the old Vegas system, "it's not what you know..."  I wonder if they just got hired because they could dance on a bar and knew the manager?   I know it was opening night and flashy, yes that part was fun, but they need to bring service up and the flashiness (bar dancing etc) down until they have a solid business.  The fun/party atmosphere will follow this place naturally, no need to force it.  I *might* give this place another try when the menu opens up and they have time to get some more bartenders/servers in there (or train them properly.)  It has potential, but for now I'll stay away from the growing pains until they get their employee/manager issues worked out... too much good competition in Town Square to spend more time here!
Tried the new Mcfadden's tonight, it was truly awful. We just wanted some drinks, and were told that we could sit outside but we'd have to get our own drinks from the bar. Alright, not unheard of, whatever. So we left most of our party at a table on the patio and a friend and I went to the bar - we waited 15 minutes and rotated between 3 bartender spots (seemed like each one had their own register) and finally after 20 minutes of waiting and not even being recognized by the bartenders we decided to leave and head downstairs to the Yard House, where we were waited on right away.  They weren't even busy, just terrible servers.   Sorry, but any place that couldn't even make eye contact and say "I'll be right with you!" isn't worth my money. Forget this place, head somewhere that appreciates good customer service.
Wow! What a transformation from the other bars! The staff is super friendly and fun and the food is great! I had the fish and chips and the Irish nachos! They were so yummy! They also have great happy hour with 1/2 off their already cheap drinks! I will be back again and will be telling all my friends to come to McFadden's!
The service needs major work, from what my sister and friends said but the last two times I went I had fun ...they even gave me a free try of this pink drink that was in their fish bowl drink for the day?? So maybe it depends on the night ?? I did notice though their bars are stocked differently so our bartender ( poor guy) would have to run around to differs stands to get the material they wanted? Also don't order here the girls are dancing you wouldn't get any help there !! Which makes sense as a guest to avoid
Oh McFadden's where to start... I've never been to a place that was soooo obsessed with trying to create the illusion of fun than promoting it. Every 5 mins you have your Deja Vu(esque) DJ calling for people to get on the bars and dance. Which is fine. But 1. some people aren't meant to be dancing on bars but might be better suited being pushed off them. 2. Kind of sucks trying to get a drink when you have to navigate people nasty feet. 3. The majority of people on the bars are "bartenders" (i use that term liberally) which means less people dealing with customers behind the bar. Which means waiting longer to get a stupid beer. The easiest way to get a beer would be to grow boobs and work there because every time I looked around their employees were able to drink more than I could even order. McFadden's will be another Cadillac Ranch, Ranch House, and Coconuts. I appreciate trying to create this party atmosphere but not at the expense of the customers.
Great Monday happy hour.  Half off all appetizers, well drinks, and beer.  Cool place to go sit outside if it isn't too hot.  The food portion sizes were massive.  I ordered the blackened chicken nachos and they were the biggest nachos I have ever seen for $5.50.  I ate about half before reaching a mountain of chips and congealed cheese.  Service is slow and annoying.  Food was alright.  Good location next to the movie theater in Town Square and a good option to add to the area.
if nothing else Yelpers, please read the kicker at the end. McFadden's is not playing fair with Yelp.  I've been their 3 times as I really wanted to like the place.  it looks great inside and out and they have a really good happy hour and specials each night.  visit one was for opening night (Thursday night).  they ran everything pretty well for as packed as it was.  the passed apps were pretty good.  service was just ok, but expected as it was their first night.  next visit last Tuesday was barely ok.  I confused the bartender with trying to order a Black and Gold.  I guess it's only available at the main bar by the entrance.  She probably should have known this by then, not running around behind the bar then finally asking the other bartender.   I love Heather and Singing with the Band karaoke.  the karaoke was only thing that kept my interest while I waited over 30 minutes for wings. The wings were pretty good and came with fries.  they are not breaded and I really like the teriyaki sauce. even with sitting at the bar the service was slow.  my bartender seemed like she had no prior experience, as she relied on her coworker for help often.  my last visit (figuratively and literally) Friday night was even worse.  we sat on the patio.  our server arrived quickly, then got slower and slower, often forgetting drinks. I ordered the wings again, but this time they did not come with fries. odd. it took over 30 minutes to get our checks.  one couple was about to walk out, we were going to head inside and let her find us.  she finally came back out as we were getting up.  it seems they hired staff based solely on looks or other criteria.  their lack of experience is overwhelming.  and the kicker:  their marketing manager Gaby sent an email to all their employees blatantly asking them to do Yelp reviews on where they work!!  SHAME!  I posted a copy of the email in the pictures. Pasted  below is the body of the text. __________________________________________________________ Hey Guys,  Please go on Yelp and place a positive (5-Star Review) review for us!  Here is our Yelp Page link:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/mcfaddens-restaurant-and-saloon-las-vegas  Please DO NOT say you work here at McFadden's!  They have a very well managed system where it filters out if they find out you work here and it will not post your review.  Again, do not state that you work here.  Talk about the 'Home of the $5 Hamburger', our 80z FishBowls, Jameson Pickleback Burger or our chick food etc. Just please mention some of our food items as well as our specialty drinks and of course our AWESOME staff & service.  The public refers to these reviews a lot on where they end up going.  Mention to all your family and friends to PLEASE post on Yelp positive reviews for us, the more the merrier.  Let me know if you have any questions!  -Gaby
***Review does not pertain to nightlife scene here, place did have people pouring in as we were leaving around 10:30***  Came here to watch the UFC fight with a group of friends. I would give them zero stars if I could, they only get 1 star because they didn't charge to watch the fights and because they had a decent SELECTION of apps and drinks for happy hour. While the selection was decent, the food was NOT!   The "blackened chicken" nachos had an option to add guacamole for $1, this came as 1 sliver of avocado and a tiny bed of pico de gallo. The chicken was not blackened, in fact it had no seasoning or flavor at all...was more like boiled chicken breast.   The artichoke crab dip was salty (and I'm not shy about using salt when I cook) yet lacked any real flavor and wasn't good.   The buffalo chicken flatbread was ok. Nothing special, but better than the other items.  The loaded potato soup could've used some more chunks of potato and bacon, as well as some pepper. But still was decent compared to the rest of the food.   My friend ordered the chopped salad which said it came with ranch, yet when it arrived it had balsamic on it. She mentioned it to the waitress who replied "no it doesn't come with ranch, it doesn't really come with a specific type of dressing." Then my friend says "well on the menu it says it comes with ranch." The waitress grabs a menu to disprove this, only to realize that the menu does in fact say ranch. I know they've only been open 2 weeks, but the servers should know what the dishes come with...and if they're not sure, they definitely should NOT argue with the customer who just read the menu a few minutes ago.   They also removed the pool tables, air hockey, and dart board that ranch house used to have. On the plus side they still have beer pong tables, new ones in fact...which is an upgrade.   Overall pretty terrible food, mediocre service, reasonably priced drinks during happy hour. If this is your idea of a good time, then check this place out! Otherwise, go eat at Tommy Bahama cafe and order the steak salad/carnitas sandwich/bourbon ribs and coconut pineapple cake/key lime pie/barbados brownie instead and grab some drinks at yard house after.
Terrible service. Came here cause I got a free open bar thing. It wasn't too busy but we found a table and were told we had to be seated by a host while everyone else were seating themselves so we thought why not? We sat down and watch others around us seating themselves and getting service while we were getting the run around about a server will come and since we sat ourselves they had to wait for someone to free up to take our orders. It really didn't make sense to us as we sat around waiting while we saw other groups swarming tables to sit get served. Hate to play the race card but we saw tables that had white customer get help while my group of mix people didn't even get any help from any servers. Mcfaddens must not want money or thought we wouldn't tip cause we are minorities. If I could give a 0 I would.
If I could give zero stars I would. Wow this place is a joke. The staff drinks until they are plastered. If you want a place to drink with minors then this is your spot. I don't know about you, but drinking from a bottle that was just poured directly into the mouth of some trashy girl is not really my style... It is only a matter of time until this place is shut down as, in my opinion, it is not fit to do business in Town Square. There are enough of these garbage spots on the strip. I really hate that my 4 kids have to hear all of the drunken idiots screaming obscenities while I walk them to and from the movies. I can't imagine Town Square putting a Gameworks right by this place.  It is unsafe for children to even be next to. This place is a DUI or a Fight waiting to happen.
I was in town for work and decided to hit up Mcfaddens after getting out of a movie for some food.  I'm not even sure I can accurately describe the dining experience.    1st round of drinks takes about 15 mintues and some of the drinks were not make correctly but we keep them because it took so long.  We ordered a bunch of the happy hour appetizers, then decided we wanted some burgers but could not figure out who our actual waitress was and nobody was willing to take our order.    Apps come and they're typical bar fried food, but then we realize we have no plates or silverware.  We flag down a bus boy who then brings us 4 sets for 5 people.  ???  Get another set, then finally figure out who is waiting on us and order burgers.    2nd round of drinks takes over 25 minutes to be delivered.  Burgers actually come out in about 10-15 minutes.  Bus boys continue to deliver food to our table that we didn't order.  At one point on the 3rd extra delivery he just looks at us and says.. just keep it.  I can see the table next to us giving our server an earfull.  3rd round of drinks came out faster.  Burgers were actually pretty good.  Good luck getting refills on your waters or iced tea.  Before our waitress has a meltdown we ask for the check.  We were pretty nice, not d1cks like the table behind us.  When our waitress came back she said she gave us a 50% discount because everything was so messed up.  Then she comes back and says she gave us the wrong check, and hands us one for 20$.  Our original bill for our group was over 100$.  Nice move and thank you.  The next day I found out they had only opened the previous night.. still no excuse someone should get canned for this circus side show.
So far so good at the new McFaddens.  Excellent happy hour from 4pm to 7pm (lots to choose from) Highly recommend the nachos (easily could feed 3-5 people) There was two of us and we could barely put a dent in them. The chips are smothered in this really good creamy white cheese. I really enjoyed it. *See my photo  There are three bars to choose from (2 inside and 1 on the patio), a small dance floor and ample seating throughout the restaurant. They have a lot of Pinnacle vodkas to choose from, it's not really my thing, but they seemed to be a hit with other people   Bar staff seems hit or miss, lucky for us, the girls serving us were awesome.  But I could see some of the other girls behind the bar had a bit of attitude.   They show the UFC fights, so we wanted to see how they handle it. At first the sound wasn't great (slightly off and distorted) for the prelims, but luckily they fixed it by the main card.  So far this bar has been really busy both times I've gone. Hopefully, they can keep up this level.
I went on a Friday night with a large group of coworkers after a long week. It was one of the most horrendous nightlife experiences in the two years I've lived in Vegas. The atmosphere isn't too bad but it isn't too great either. The only major difference I saw from the former Cadillac Ranch / Ranch House is that the mechanical bull was replaced by a small dance floor.   As mentioned in previous reviews, the staff is obliterated early on in the evening which makes it challenging to get a drink in under 15 minutes (after you place your order). Prepare to repeat your order several times. The DJ stopped the music periodically to insist all bars be filled with girls (both bartenders and patrons) who would then dance on the bar while the bartenders poured free "shots" directly into patrons' mouths. The shots were in an unmarked bottle and were an odd purple color. Avoid the mystery bottle that just grazed the mouths of 30 other people.  Overall, I understand the idea of a party bar but this one missed the mark. The bartenders had more of a party than any of the patrons. Long story short, spend your money anywhere else nearby for better service from staff sober enough to remember your order.
Sat down with my fiance at the main bar and was greeted within 5 seconds by "Jordan" male who said the other Jordan female would be right over. After about 10 minutes we got passed by 5 times by a Barback and 2 other bartenders. I left thirsty and went to blue martini. Much happier here!
Absolutely love it! Great atmosphere, great people, great food and drink specials, great location. You'll see me here over and over again. For sure
We came for happy hour and stayed for the fruit flies... Monday night is a good deal half off drinks and appetizers. We were sat and the waited for 15 min before anyone came to take our DRINK order. So once our waitress came by our table to get us drinks it took another 15 min before a Magner's and a 7 & 7 made their way back to our table. The 7&7 had a hitchhiker floating around in the glass. So we got that drink replaced one we saw the waitress again. The replacement drink came back pretty quick. So we ordered Chicken Nachos and the Quesadilla. The Nachos are HUGE. and that might not be a good thing. The chicken that was just on the top layer was ICE cold. I mean barely above freezing. Service just went down from there. The Waitress must have known a group sitting at another table because she screamed ran over there and spent the next 10 minutes doing shots and drinking with them. Needless to say. Service was horrible. Absolutely abysmal. There is no way to sugar coat that. In an "Irish" pub you should never be thirsty.
While tending to some shopping one afternoon we stumbled upon the new McFadden's that now lies in the venue space Cadillac Ranch (and whatever it was after CR) use to be.  Indulging in a bit of happy hour (great specials, by the way) my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by the food quality and even service.    Wanting to give McFadden's a honest college try, we select this dining venue as our "family dinner" spot for the week.  I made reservations on-line (LOVE that you can do that here) and showed up promptly to be sat at our designated time.  So the hostess wasn't the most friendly face at the bar, our service on the other hand was. Forgot her name (terrible I know), but she was fantastic even as the night progressed the restaurant filled up.  The best nachos I've had in a very long time and guess what??? REAL NACHO CHEESE! Yes, that's right folks, you heard it here.. real nacho cheese.. yum.  My only complaint is why, why, why must venues at Town Square insist on turning their restaurants in to night clubs after 10pm?  An Irish pub should remain an Irish pub in my opinion and keep the under dressed ladies and over muscled men over at Blue Martini where they belong.
The saddest part about this one star review is that McFaddens has all the elements to be GREAT and they are blowing it by having TERRIBLE service and drowning good food in SALT.    I went there for a company happy hour.  There about 25 people in our party, arriving in waves.  the first 6 or so people got their drinks, the rest of us it took about 40 minutes to get a drink.  When we complained, they said there was only one bartender.  Guess it takes 40 minutes to pour 2 pitchers of beer and 3 mix drinks.    the place was not that busy, so there really was no excuse.  Since the service was so bad, I decided to try the food TO GO, since the menu looked promising.    We ordered 2 of the $5 burgers with various toppings.  the waitress asked me 3 times about what kind of mayo we wanted and confirmed twice on the plain mayo.  the burgers came with NO MAYO.  they had 2 patties which I wasn't expecting, don't know if thats normal, but its too much.  the worst part.....my medium temp patty was RAW,  not just rare,  raw and cold in the middle.  When I got home I had to remove it from the bun and cook it in the microwave.   Once it was cooked it tasted good, but I shouldn't have to cook my burger at home.  I ordered a chopped salad and got a chicken cobb salad at home.  on the side of the burger was a fried pickle.  First bite was good,  second bite was like biting into a teaspoon of SALT.  I had to spit it out.   I ordered side of mac n' cheese.  for $6 bucks I was expecting something that did not look like kraft mac n' cheese.  but the kicker was it NOT COOKED.  It was like the chewy pasta that sticks in your teeth.   Again, I added a little water to it and put in the microwave to finish cooking.   At first I thought it was edible now.  then I realized it tasted like they had half cooked the pasta then soaked it in a box of salt then poured some cheese sauce on it.  NOT EDIBLE again.   the good news is with the happy hour prices, 2 burgers, fries, mac n cheese and a salad was only $17.  If the food had been edible I could see us eating here every other week.  FIRE the COOK who has stock in mortons salt company and is drowning fresh food in pounds of salt and failing to cook things properly.   Seriously,  get the right cook and decent service and we might be back.  Otherwise never again.   It almost felt like the cook was trying to purposely ambush the restaurant.  Such a shame, great location, great ambiance, good prices, good ingredients, BAD EXECUTION.
This was a fun place to hang out. Since they had just opened it was a lil empty but still a good time. We ordered a smurf fishbowl, I'm not sure why it was purple but hey whatever. The food, unfortunately, was mediocre at best. We enjoyed the beer pong and the bartenders were very personable and fun. I did notice they had really great specials so I plan to return for those.
Oh McFadden's.  When you were at the Rio you hosted one of the most memorable St. Patrick's Day celebrations.  The new location at Town Square is certainly set up to entertain, with three bars (one outdoors), a beer pong area, DJ booth, dance floor, photo booth, and karaoke.  The mechanical bull that was here previously was replaced by the DJ booth, and not a mechanical leprechaun as I was expecting.  (Don't look at me like that.  Rattlecan had a mechanical pickle that you could ride.)  I came here for happy hour, which goes from 4:00pm - 7:00pm daily and gets you 1/2 price appetizers and draft beers.  There are also daily specials for each day of the week, and are offered open to close: http://www.mcfaddensvegas.com/specials.php.  The happy hour drink specials are decent, you'll end up paying $3.00 - $4.00 for a pint; nothing spectacular.    The big surprise came from the 1/2 price appetizers; these dishes are huge!  At most you'll be paying $5.50 for an appetizer, and that will be plenty for you to share with others.  Between three of us, we had left overs after ordering four appetizers: chicken fingers, Irish nachos, crispy shrimp, and king crab and artichoke dip.  Everything was good bar food.  Service was really spotty at times.  I ordered a Bumblebee, which is a Boddington's with Guiness layered on top.  When the bartender made it, he poured the Boddington's from a can, even though the menu showed that it was one of their draft beers.  And when it came time to pay, it was almost a 30-minute ordeal.  Nothing deal breaking I suppose, but if it's not happy hour, I'm not sure that I would stop in.
This new McFaddens is in a awesome location in town square and I had great expectations going there. I was called that I was selected to have a party there and I would drink free till midnight and all my friends would get wrist bands and everything was half price. We got there and was told that only one beer out of all of them, that was half for my friends or free for me and was served in a little plastic cup. Very few mixed drinks and only well was half and no food was half. I was very disappointed because I had brought them a lot of people and it wasn't what it was suppose to be. One of my friends only drinks Crown and he got one drink and they ran out - yes they ran out of Crown royal by 11 pm. on a Saturday night. Lastly it took forever to even get a drink, they need more bartenders. The music was great and the ambience was also great. That's why they got two stars.
Decent -ish bar food. Average service.  I was given the incorrect bill twice, and when finally given the correct one, I signed it and fortunately kept a copy. Since then I have been leaving messages for a manager to call me bc supposedly there's "no manager in house" Everytime I call to complain that I was charged more than double the amount on my receipt.  New place... No managers in house already. No wonder it's all messed up. Better options in town square. If you settle, keep your receipt!
Decided to check this place out and first impression was bad!    Three ladies at the hostess stand and no greeting. Disappointing.   Then we were seated but without the opportunity to ask booth or bar or patio. .  The menu looks very good and inexpensive and once I decided to write this review, I see so many seem to agree that McFadden's is LACKING big in the customer service department. It's very disappointing cause for me if it doesn't go smooth immediately, I know my dining experience and food I will not enjoy.    in addition, when were seated we called for the hostess twice as she walked away but were ignored. So WE WALKED OUT! Then we were on our way to a more accommodating better serving bar next door.
Tried McFadden's for the 1st time last night. Ever since they moved to Town Square my co-workers & I were stoked to have another restaurant to go to for our Department lunches. After working late last night we came here & had a Great Experience. Staff was Very Friendly, especially our Waitress. food was Really Good, we tried the Hummus, the Spicy Ahi Crackers & Celtic Wings with Guinness BBQ sauce, everything was Good but the Wings were the Winner of the three. Both of my co-workers had the Fish & Chips, which they really liked. I ordered the 'Kiss Me, I'm Irish' Burger, which I first assumed was a Sandwich but turned out was a Burger, but not with just 1 but 2 patties, & it was Delicious. It was Messy, Juicy & the combination of Flavors worked very well with each other! But the Best Part of the evening was the Live Band Karaoke, which was a first for me & Loved it! The Karaoke Host had a Great Voice & she was very pretty, the band performed really well. Also a Great Plus for me, No Smoking! I realized I was in a Bar that was not smoky then remembered this is still a Restaurant first & foremost but with a Bar-like feel. They had 3 bars from where I could see and so many people enjoying themselves, And a Lot of them girls too, And on a Tuesday night!  But then again this is Vegas! I can't wait to come back, Especially on a Tuesday evening!
Despite some not so glowing reviews of this place the happy hour special tempted me to try it out. On first glance the glace the place looks nice. The outside signage is very catchy and they inside is beautiful and open.  Hostess:  We were greeted by a couple of dazed looking hostesses that stared at their computer for an awkward 15 seconds before acknowledging us then kind of gave us a blank stare and eventually mumbled "uh... two?" Then took us to a table as though she were lost.   Venue:  What I first took to be a pretty open restaurant/pub quickly seemed like a big empty place as she seated us far off from other patrons. The venue is very large. There are 2 bars inside - both of which were open which made little sense as it was not very busy. If we had been seated in a more populated area it would have made it easier for our waitress to keep an eye on us.   The place is filled with TVs similar to a sports bar but despite being an Irish pub the TVs all showed baseball and American football instead of rugby or soccer.   Wait Staff:   The waitress was very friendly and cheery. She seemed inexperienced but everyone starts somewhere and I am fine with that. The waitresses always seemed to be buzzing around but never seemed to be taking anything to tables. The place was pretty empty and service was slow so I have no idea what the waitresses were doing with all their wandering about.   The waitress uniforms would have been more at home at a Hooters. I am not opposed to attractive or sexy uniforms, the little plaid skirt was adorable but paired with a cropped/midriff top it was just too much. Some of the waitresses wore fishnets and tall boots with the skirt - it was tacky and over the top. I also was not a fan of our waitresses habit of leaning on our table, it was either a ploy to show some cleavage for a better tip or just another sign of an unprofessional waitress.   There was also a guy in casual clothes lurking around with a clip board the whole time. I have no idea what he was up to but it was distracting.  Food:  So up to this point, the service is slow but not awful - the waitress was very friendly if unprofessional - the place has a big empty, not Irish pub but the kicker for me is the food. I would take all those things in stride if the food had been good. We ordered a couple beers, Irish nachos and teriyaki wings.   The Irish nachos were okay. The portion size was huge. The whole thing was a bit bland and soggy though. If I were to order it again (which I probably won't) I would ask for the cheese on the side.  The teriyaki wings were kind of soft and soggy and the teriyaki sauce was bland and tasted more like soy sauce than anything.  TL;DR -  The food was bland, the servers were friendly but slow, the hostess seemed brain dead. The whole place seems to be having an identity crisis; it looks like an Irish pub but feels like a sports bar with Hooters waitresses. For $28 we got 4 beers, chicken wings and Irish nachos. I really went in here wanting to like this place but we won't be going back.
Sorry, bad reviewers. Did we attend the same place?? Food was delicious, atmosphere great, service prompt and friendly. Just the right noise level, festive but not deafening. Can have a conversation without shouting. Give it another try!
I heard a lot of mixed reviews regarding McFaddan's. the biggest pro is the half off apps during happy hour. The disadvantage is the service. The staff isn't the friendliest and they walk around like they are the hottest things on earth. They have a policy in which they can only split a check once, which makes it unfriendly for large groups. I will say the tater tots were very tasty, but I don't know if they're enough to bring me back. They also had an attendant in the bathroom which I thought was awkward, it's not like we're at a fancy restaurant or night club!
Terrible terrible terrible TERRIBLE. We were SO excited to come here so decided to check out happy hour. First thing we walk in the door and there's two hostesses, one of which was wearing the half shirt and had a huge gut spilling out. Since I saw a bunch of girls in full length tanks I know that was not a REQUIRED uniform. I won't hold that against them and not part of my 1 star rating, but still not a good first impression. So they proceed to sit there and both stare at me while ONE is on the phone taking a reservation for five people. My one year old starts getting antsy and trying to jump out of my arms and they still don't seat us... Uhh hello anyone home? So then we get seated. We told them three adults, one child. They give us two adult menus. So the server comes. Extremely ditsy but nice. I tell her what happened with the menus, she says she will bring another. She comes back 4 more times to ask us if we're ready which were not because we're all huddled over and switching menus back and forth. So we start with the Irish nachos. Tater tots with bacon, sour cream and cheese. Uh yeah right.  A pile of tater tots, with a sprinkle of cheese sauce, a half a slice of bacon crumbled on top, and a tiny drizzle of sour cream. If it wasn't happy hour we would've sent them back. So we each order a beer. Myself a Guinness, the other two a bass and a blue moon. As soon as the bass is sat down he takes a sip and says try this is tastes almost like a miller light. I tasted. It tasted like half bass, half miller light. Weird. I tasted my Guinness. I couldn't take more than two sips, and we all concurred, tasted like Guinness water. The blue moon wasn't as watery, but also had a weird miller light taste to it. Again, happy hour, so we just dealt with it.  The server kept coming to our table throughout and would blankly stare at us and say things like "ohhhh myyy goooooooddddddd my necklace broke!!!" It was so awkward. Almost like she was on drugs. No one in that place seemed to know like they knew what was going on at all.  I will say my burger was pretty good, though my hubby's was RAW in the middle. He ordered medium well. You could touch te middle and feel that it wasn't cooked. We had such high hopes for this place but I can promise we will NEVER be back. Gross. This place won't last long in Town Square. No quality or customer service. Hurry up McFadden's and move along so something better can open up in your place.
I've never posted a review but this place really left me with the urge to do so.  Totally incompetent staff, everyone seemed to have a different idea of what the happy hour was, service was well below average, although the prices are ridiculously cheap. But I am not sure if this winds up being a good thing. It seems to reflect upon the quality of people and we are suppose to be in town square! My food took way too long to come out, and somehow it arrived warm at best. The food runner appeared to be overwhelmed. The bartender told me they were out of one of the beers I asked for but later in the night I saw another bartender serve one. Seemed very unorganized and lack of communication between bar staff.  Drunk bartenders and servers, with no sense of urgency to serve customers especially once the DJ starts going and it starts getting messy. This bar really brings the classy out, ( sarcasm ) come see for yourself and you'll be in for quite a scene.  My bartender had to get a manager to take care of something on my check and this became a task. Two different bartenders had served me and I got charged two totally different prices even though happy hour was suppose to be all night.   Apparently having a responsible manager readily available is not something this place values. The bartender seemed lost in his attempts to find a manager like he didn't even know where to look. Finally a small girl appeared in plain clothes and a less then professional demeanor to take care of it.   Looks like this place is well on it's way to another failed attempt at making this cursed location a profitable good bar.
My review is strictly based on the nightlife scene, not the venue as a restaurant. When you walk up the entrance, you get carded by a security guy.  The two different ones I've seen were both nice.  There are hostesses as you walk in, and most of the previous reviews nailed it when they described the hostesses as spacey and just not all there.  Now when I go, I just bypass them and go in and find a seat at the bar.    The first night I was in here, they had JUSt opened and it was beyond crazy.  Luckily our bartender, Khara, was superb and fast and we never really had to wait long for drinks.  The second night I came with a big group and hung out in the patio area, which was awesome!  The bar was consistently slammed but as we waited people eventually left, opening up seats at the bar.  I think for such a busy place, they could probably do without seats at the bar, but it worked for us!  The bartender was awesome and got us our first round.  It was kind of slow to get drinks, but not moreso than anywhere else that is extremely packed.   Overall, I think McFadden's is a great place to come when you want to go out drinking with your friends and don't feel like venturing out to the Strip.  It's always good to meet people.  It's fun and crazy and casual. I like it!
Like Ranch House Kitchen and Cadillac Ranch before it, McFaddens provides a mediocre bar experience but now with a Irish twist.  Nothing seems to be able to stay open at this spot above Yard House in Town Square. McFadden's itself is pretty huge but instead of marketing itself as a restaurant/bar it feels like they try to be a club instead. On most weekend nights you can see a long line of people forming outside the entrance. I think most of them couldn't get into at Blue Martini or didn't wanna pay cover at Stoney's and figured Mcfaddens was the next best thing.  Inside you can try and get food off their menu if you find someone to serve you. The drinks are overpriced for the venue and for what you get. Beers come in around $8 and cocktails are a few bucks more. You can get a wider selection of brews downstairs at Yardhouse and better drinks at Blue Martini.  During my last visit I was thinking about ordering a drink from the bar but was too afraid of having it kicked into my face by the random women that are allowed to dance on the counter. Apparently the people playing beer pong don't mind scooping a filthy ping pong ball off the dance floor. Im sure the water cup sanitizes it just fine.  The place can get sweaty and muggy but the outdoor patio is nice, remember to come early to secure a good seat outside. Also for whatever reason they can only split a check once so large groups beware!
I have been here on 3 separate occasions and have been avoiding writing a review as I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately they just can't save themselves. On the first occasion I was there at beginning of Happy Hour. Despite the fact that hardly anyone was there the service was painfully slow and drink orders came back incorrect. Also sorting out the check at the end was a challenge in itself. On another occasion I was there to watch a football game in the middle of the day and had to wait over an hour before someone even offered me a menu or glass of water let alone taking my order. The only reason I got a menu was that I almost had to physically restrain a duty manager to get her attention. As aside the "manager" did not really present a professional image for the establishment as she looked liked she had just rolled out of bed. I found out that one of the alumni groups who had chosen McFaddens as their home base during football season have abandoned the place after only 3 weeks because their members have been treated so poorly and complained so much. I was originally looking at this place to host a client event but there is no way that I would take that risk now. I don't know if management here ever take notice of feedback because they seem content to lose customers hand over fist. At the end of the day girls in skimpy clothes do not make up for crappy service and ineffectual/non existent operational management. It is a shame because the layout and venue is so promising. I can only assume that they make a whole lot of money from drunk people on Friday and Saturday nights and don't give a crap about anybody else.
Wow!!! Seriously!?!?!? We got here at 6:10pm placed our order at 6:20 and our food came out at 7:15?????? The food came out and the orders were wrong and the food was blah!! No bueno, the drinks were garbage and the waitresses lacked in knowledge and they were slow!! The management lacked in the skills to handle our complaints. Oh well 6 customers that will not be coming back !!
Great place to watch the game switch the boys. Televisions everywhere, lots of beer  and liquor selection, and good food. Try the Irish style fries with tater tots!
This place has the WORST service. My friends waited over one hour for their food which the wings were the wrong type and the nachos didn't have the chicken. And it only came because we asked 3 times about it. I ordered a Stella, which I drink frequently, it was more of a coors light for sure. The waitress said she watched it being poured. I ordered another type of beer and didn't drink the other beer she gave me. When she took it away she said nothing about taking it off the bill. Also when the manager or acting manager came to the table she was nice but she was wearing daisy dukes..... WHAT ??  Two frozen margaritas came as she was there and it was all water not frozen.  Finally the chicken Nachos made it back to the table but after finishing all other good the correct wings never made it so we canceled those. Then we had been finished for a good 20 mins and still no check. Take this advice and go to one of the other great establishments in town square and AVOID this place and their TERRIBLE service !!
For another bar in Town Square, this one is ok. Lots of room and three or four different bars. We sat at the outside bar since it was such a nice night. Not very crowded for 9 o'clock on a Saturday. We had hopped from Blue Martini next door and that was definitely more crowded than McFadden's. Although not a lot of people, there were lots of bartenders and hosts and hostesses. I felt like they were socializing more than serving since there weren't too many people.   Sometimes I feel uniforms in the service industry are very sexist and not fair to the lady customers. While our female server was in a plaid schoolgirl skirt so short I can see her cheek bottoms, our not-so-bad looking male barback was in a t-shirt. Can't they dress up the men every once in awhile so that us ladies can get some eye candy instead of measuring ourselves up to the waitresses...I'll get off my soapbox now.  Anywho, it was ok. Would rather hang next door or downstairs. They would have to have a great event in order for me to return.
This place is a great new bar in the Town Square complex. Friendly staff, decent bar food, and great deals on drinks. Goo spot to watch the games as well. Ask for Kris Mo at the bar.
Where do I begin?! I'll start with the fact that I'll never waste my time on that joint again. We visited McFaddens at about 4pm on a Monday afternoon. Not exactly a busy time of day. There were approximately 4 tables sat in the entire bar. We were the fifth and they sat us behind a pole in the back of the restaurant. Apparently, it was 100 miles too far for the waitress because she took FOREVER to give us service. My husband ordered a Corona Light and I water. It took about 15-20 minutes for his beer to arrive and it was warm!  Then we ordered nachos with guacamole and beans, chicken wings and mozzarella sticks. Guess how long it took to get our food.....40 minutes!!! We were informed that no one realized there wasn't a cook in the kitchen. That's awesome management. Well, once they got that figured out, I think they put half a cook in the kitchen because our nachos had no beans or guacamole and the mozzarella sticks had leaked the cheese out the bottom. So, all we had was hollowed out bread crumb casings with a giant ball of cheese on the bottom. The food wasn't even good. It was a waste of calories. My husband dared to order another beer which took another 20 minutes. It came after the food was gone and it was also warm. It was happy hour but, who cares when you only get 2 drinks every seven days. The service was SO slow! She was nice but, slower than molasses! There were like10 employees roaming around and only 5 tables and it took us 1 1/2 hours to wait for food, drinks and service. At that pace, we could have enjoyed a nice fine dining meal. We can easily spend 1 1/2 hours in a bar but, that's when beverages aren't strapped to a turtle's back. I'm not a complainer but, save your time and money, at least in the middle of the afternoon.
I won't go so far as to my experience a total cluster F@#K, but it's pretty close.  I arrived after my friends so they already had a table and had been there a half hour and was still waiting on their first drink orders.  Once we tracked down our waitress (literally) she took our orders and disappeared yet again.  One of our orders came out in about 30 minutes, but the rest had to reorder once we tracked down our waitress...again!    It's hard to imagine but at Thursday Night Football I only saw 4 waitresses and to be honest, none were moving very fast or seemed interested in customer service.  I managed to get 1 beer in 3 hours with some of the smallest, blandest wings I've had the displeasure of ordering.   After all was said and done (tracking down our waitress a third time) to ask for our bill, she had to take our orders again as she couldn't remember what we had.    The atmosphere itself was decent, but the food selection, quality and overall service really bring the star rating down. We had a good time, but that was due to good company and nothing to do with McFadden's.  For once I will go so far as to say I don't plan on returning, but if I'm misfortunate enough to be back, I hope I can raise my star level to at least a 3.
The beers are tasty, though they've stopped serving them in beer glasses and serve them in these nasty plastic cups that look like glass till you pick them up and realize that it's not only plastic, but lipstick stains are included. Though that was kinda gross, the main reason I decided to write my review is the food. I came here when it first opened and I really enjoyed it. I ordered the Ahi Tuna with TARO CRACKERS, which is what the menu states. I absolutely loved it, until I returned to order it again and they bring out these wacky, grocery store crackers that made the dish look and taste cheap. The menu still states taro chips, yet they bring out a poorly prepared dish, which didn't have the same taste when using regular ole crackers. It was a real disappointment to say the least. My friend's margarita pizza was different from the first time too, though not as tasteless as the ahi. It's sad to see that they're changing things that are delicious just to save a few bucks. Wouldn't be surprised if it goes down the same path as Cadillac Ranch and that other one that closed so quickly I can't quite remember the name.
Pretty good restaurant-wise. Hostesses are young and when we went, not exceptionally friendly, but not rude either. All the girls are dressed in tiny skirts and ill-fitting tops. Our waitress was nice and so was the bartender when we got drinks while we were waiting for our seats. He suggested good drinks from their menu and his personal favorites. You could tell he was busy, but he wasn't rude and didn't rush us. Pretty nice overall.  Menu wasn't huge but had some great-tasting burgers and appetizers. The regular nachos could have used more meat, but we didn't send back or anything. I wouldn't say I'll get a hankering to go back right away, but it's a good spot to meet friends or entertain a large group.
It's crazy how alot of the reviews of this venue are bad. In terms of a trendy sports bar, drinking shots, grabbing quick barfood and beers, socializing with my coworkers and friends whenever here, I have always enjoyed this venue as I get off work and have come here for some SNF and Thursday. They did seem low on staff but each time, the restaurant was not slammed when I come here so I guess the other reviews were when it's busy here. Nachos could probably use more meat as they definitely do not stiff you on the chips. The quesadillas were  big and taste great, as well as the cheese sticks and buffalo wings. It does suck too how when I was here last time they ran out of flat bread for my friend who wanted to order that. Knowing Yardhouse was downstairs, I was hoping they had a great beer selection as they are a trendy looking sports bar but they did not have many beers so they did not seem to put up half a competition against to sway others from going to Yardhouse. Hopefully management works out some of the kinks of some of the disgruntled yelpers on here so their rating goes back up and the venue doesn't end up like its predecessor Cadillac Ranch.
This place is aweful. Tried it out since it was happy hour and regretted it. The food was horrible, and the service was worse. The waitresses butts hang out of their pants so theres that. But if that is what you are looking for maybe you should just go to a strip club.the food will probably be better there anyways .
Best night in a long time ! Our server was great and had drinks and food coming out fast our server made sure we were good all night! Thank you Robin we will definitely come back for you to serve us again you are great! And great atmosphere!
Was seated at 8pm on a Saturday and waited for 15 minites and noone came to us, not even a "hey, be right with you"! and we were even seated right next to the bar.  The place wasn't even busy.  Two other tables were seated after us and they had drink orders taken within 2 minutes of sitting down.  Told the hostess and they didn't care.  Several waiters walked by and nothing, Don't WASTE YOUR TIME!!!!  A bunch of young kids who don't give a damn about customers and just stand around gossiping!!
My review for this is based on the overall experience I had here last Monday. It was our first time with a group of 5 for Monday night football. I gotta say, we had so much fun! But no matter how many drinks I had that night, I gotta be real and dock a couple stars off. Their costumer service needs some work and getting the food out at a decent paste would have been nice. The burger was salty and I do not recommend the ahi tuna crackers. The nachos however were amazing. You definitely need a group of 5 to finish that bad boy. Besides the food and the service, everything else was amazing. The atmosphere was fun, plenty of seating, 2 bars, outside patio and all sorts of football fans in every corner! Happy hour until 7!
I started coming here when my favorite bartender from Blue Martini moved here. It's a bit college-y, but not really bad. They recently let him go, and coming here since then I've finally noticed that the service from anyone else is kind of crap. I'm sure its a fun scene for beer pong and such, but I like to drink with a bartender who knows my name.
Went on a Monday night drink specials were OK if a bartender would have taken my drink order. The blonde bartender would rather talk to guys instead of taken drink orders.  Ask for a manager and I was told he was to busy in the back of the house.  Ask three times and he never came out.    I would never go back.
Aww makes me sad to see the bad reviews!  We came here because yardhouse was packed so we came here instead with a party of ten.   Happy hour was AWESOME!! The prices are so amazing. Mans he appetizers were. Oh. My gosh. Delicious. And the main course? The burgers? Wow didn't expect them to be so amazing! I will so be coming back here.   Oh and I didn't mention the amazing service. Best service I've had in a long time especially for a larger group of people at my table :) I'll be going back for sure!
This place is terrible....this isn't a one time stop by review this is an "ill give this place a second and third chance" review. Do not come here. I'm dead serious. They've changed their menu 5 times and altered things that drive all the locals away. Their bartenders do not care about you or what you came to watch on tv, and they have changed to skimp on food 5 times. STAY AWAY
I tried to find out how this is an Irish pub. I looked on top of the table, under the table, in the bathroom, around the corner and...nope...nothing. No sign of this being an Irish pub. Why can't Vegas stick to a theme? Why do we have to make everything trashy?   I've been here on an early Friday and late Saturday. If you come here before 10PM, you can actually hear people and have a conversation. It's not too bad, but still doesn't feel like what a cozy Irish pub should feel like. After 10, the shit show begins. Obnoxious mainstream pop/hip hop music start to blare, ass grinding begins, beer pong happens and fights occur.   If you want to have a conversation with your friends, forget about it. This place was meant to feel your friends, not hear them. I ended up shouting all night. I was trying to get a little buzz going to like the place more, but their drinks are watered down.  On the bright side, their burgers are magical for the price and their hummus is on point. That's why I give this place 2 stars. One for the hummus and the other for the burgers.
I have been to every restaurant that has tried to make it at this location, and let me just say I don't believe this "Irish" Bar (if you can call it that) will break the jinx.  My bad experience started the minute I walked in. I was naturally attracted to the large bar in the center of the main room. I sat down and took in the place. Quickly it became apparent that the only thing that made this place Irish was the name on the building. The happy hour menu was filled with US or Sysco food items that had nothing to do with Ireland but who cares if it's good right! So after taking in the place for about 15 solid minutes I was approached by someone I could only assume worked there because he was behind the bar. This large, but not necessarily over weight man was sporting a ball cap, a ripped blue shirt, a pair of khaki shorts and black sneakers with no socks. I had to use this in depth description because he, like the other people behind the bar were not wearing name tags. Anyway the large man quickly advised me that I was in the wrong seat because he was saving them for a few "hot chicks" that were coming in later. I looked around at the 8 other empty bar seats and paused to see if he was joking. But after hearing no laughter from him I tucked my tail under my legs and found a new seat. As I looked for another place to sit  I over heard the large man telling some regulars that  he had been up for three days. And that he was tired and needed a shot to wake up. But the odd thing was that even after a shot or 2 he was still tired. Weird! Once at my new seat I waited again to put in my drink order.  A few minutes later my friend arrived and we decided to order from the happy hour menu. Which by the way is not bad! There are a ton of non Irish things to choose from and the price is right!  However, you have to hail down a bar tender if you want to order because they get distracted with one another and often get into deep conversations about God knows what. And once in these compelling discussions it takes a freight train with strobe lights to get their attention. After ordering we discovered that the food was good and the beer was cold. We found it refreshing that the kitchen was on top of it and made this reviewer's score move from a 1 star to a solid 2 star.  The night went at the same pace and after visiting the dirty bathrooms we made our way home.  I hope the owners are looking at these reviews and acting on them. If that is the case below are a few things that might help your business succeed:  1. Hire a manager that can keep the staff focused on the guests.  2. Provide uniforms and make sure they are consistently worn.  3. Insist that every one who comes in contact with guests are wearing name tags.  4. Find Irish food items to place on the menu.  5. Give your staff a day off so they are not tired.  6. Never let your staff drink on the job!  P.S.  those hot chicks...never showed up! ;)
My Review is Primarily Based On the Place as a restaurant and Service.  I came in for the World Series and the Place was a ghost town.  The serivce was sloppy like they weren't even trained. Wrong Drink 4 Times, 30min delay between Drinks once, and the food was microwaved crap.  I had come here a week prior for Ladies Night and the crowd was upbeat and everyone was having a blast.    Come here for the Bar at Night ONLY.  They Have beer pong and multiple bars with an outside area and is a lot of fun, BUT DO NOT COME HERE TO EAT.  One of the Worst Dining experiances I have had and I used to be a server so I recognize the bad program they have here.  They should drop the FOOD asap.  The girls here could make a lot of money if they got the drinks out faster.  I suggest they focus on that and this joint can make a killing!!!!!  I love the location and layout...
Located in Town Square, this is fun place, great service, fantastic Happy Hour! Plus scantily clad waitresses (that's for those of you who don't care for a fun place, great service or a fantastic happy hour). I also must mention the Burger Of The Week, this is the chefs creation. The one I had featured a deep fried mac and cheese patty on top of the burger!!! This cat is not fooling around. Another feature if you join the Town Square Loyalty Club you get a discount, plus points toward great prizes. So what the devil are you waiting for?!?  Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Held several college and alumni group events of 30+ persons here, usually around lunch time or during Happy Hour. The food and service were outstanding and everyone had a great time. Kid friendly until later at night when the young crowd takes over. Take advantage of the half-price Happy Hour 4-7 pm, which is easy on your budget. There are also catered food items which work well for group events, but order early. Servers and managers are very accommodating and flexible for our group events.
Worst service. Ever. Every time. I have been here several times to eat on my lunch breaks. The food is delicious (that's why I gave it 2 stars) but the service is terrible. And consistently terrible. I love the food and that's why I keep coming back, but soon I may need to stop giving them chances. Today while trying to ask the bartender if she could grab my waitress so I could tell her I missed something on my order, she looked right at me, shook her head and said "no".  I couldn't believe it...but then again...I guess I'm not really surprised. I hope management realizes what a great place this could be but unless they get their customer service in line, this place will close down due to the terrible reputation.
This place sucks!  It's strictly for 20 year olds.  Anyone in the 30's and over looks there age and then some creepy too.  Ha!  Huge spot great if it was not just for kids.  Bummer for the 30 & 40 yr old crowds that are locals. Never going back EVER!  Went in 12/2013.
Horrible service from hostess, bartenders and waitress. As a side note I didn't enjoy the plastic pint "glasses" for beer. Go someplace else.
Terrible! They promote $5 mimosa yet they ran out of champagne. They also serve beers and drinks in all sorts of varying glasses and cups. The service sucks and the food is terrible. I may even be sick tonight after eating a chicken sandwich. The place was also totally empty for Sunday football. We ordered food and it all came out at random times and the kitchen kept screwing up our order. We couldn't be more happy to finally get out of the place and move to another sports bar in town square.
Great place with a ton of potential, but sadly they are falling short of what it could be. I really enjoy the building and the atmosphere they are working for. They have a great staff for the most part but...  They have the manager playing bartender taking shots with guests wearing gym shorts and a basketball jersey.  As a manager he should dress more professional or at least like an adult.   The cheap gas station drink blenders sitting on the bar are tacky and ridiculous.  Something you expect to see in a college dive bar not in Town Square.   The place is ran like a back ally dive bar.  Making no surprises every time I have come they are dead and the "Yard House" located just below Mcfadens is packed out.
This place was amazing when it opened up but has gotten so shitty the past couple of months. They took away good menu items, closing the kitchen early, changed happy hour items without notice. Second bar is usually closed even if it's packed. Went in today for football Sunday it took about 30 mins to see a worker walking around. No one was at the door to greet us or direct us anywhere to be seated. Multiple people were annoyed at how shitty service was. I don't recommend this place anymore
I had low expectations walking in here. I had read the reviews and had my friends tell me avoid the place.  I was willing to give the place a chance and what better than happy hour?  Right I mean staff should be on top of things and  there should be a good crowd on a Saturday.  Boy was I wrong... Place was empty (that should have been a sign to turn and run). But I sat at the bar and hoped it was just a off day.   The service sucked , sucked , sucked .  The drinks and food was over priced for happy hour. Sure they are packed on ladies night but if a "Irish" bar has to resort to giving away the house to survive then it's not a Irish bar.  Hell the barmaid mixed up my drink twice and then told me she didn't normally work happy hour so she had no clue what was on offer and then seemed pissed off that she wasn't working a good shift.   Trust me I know about Irish bars. I was born and raised in Ireland . I've lived in vegas since 97 so I've seen all the bars come and go, and unless the owners (not the management ) does something this pub is not going to last.    I won't be back and neither will any of my friends.    If you are going to town square , hit yard house or the English bar on the same level as this bar.   Or if you want a decent Irish pub hit up RiRa at Mandalay bay and ask for junior or fitzy.  Locals get 40% off food on Fridays.     Sorry mc f's you are more of a plastic paddys pub than a real Irish pub, fix your menu staff and pricing not to mention your atmosphere it's like walking into a cave (not a good cave either like the bat cave, more of a the hills have eyes cave).
This is a great addition to Town Square and a big improvement over Cadillac Ranch. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The food is delicious and the servings are more than ample. Besides our server, quite a few of the staff stopped at our table to see if we needed anything. Do yourself a favor and give it a try. You won't be disappointed.
If I could give a zero for this place I would but unfortunately there is not an option for that deserving score.  We arrived around 6pm with a group of friends and we're hoping to enjoy their happy hour. Well no luck there due to the exceptionally slow service, which was puzzling because the place was somewhat empty.  The waitress did her best to disappear and avoid her job of serving her customers as well as bartenders ignoring you as you stood at an empty bar trying to get their attention and order a drink since the waitress had disappeared.  The food was average at best, overpriced, and took forever to arrive.  The bill got totally screwed up and I think the waitress lacked basic mathematical skills.  As for this being an "Irish pub" well do not believe that misnomer.  The only thing that makes this resemble an Irish pub is the name.  I highly recommend avoiding this place and go elsewhere to enjoy your evening.  Perhaps if you're younger and do not know any better, this place may be cool or whatever.  However if you're somewhat of an experienced pub, bar, or restaurant patron this place will definitely disappoint you if you're looking for an Irish pub experience.
I'm still relieved to see that the mechanical bull is gone, but other than that, it looks like things have gone swiftly downhill since the first time came around.   Food? Unspectacular.  Drinks? Ordinary.  Service? Unrefined.   If I'm looking for an adult beverage in Town Square, I'm likely to go elsewhere. If I'm looking for an Irish bar, I'm definitely going elsewhere.
Since writing the last review, I've found another bartender at the outside bar that's pretty great.
After party buzz kill! Finding parking was nearly impossible on the weekend we went. The place was packed and feeling somebody's breath is not my idea of a good time. The floor was sticky, gross and smelly. There was spilled drinks and glasses and food tray on the floor.  I was so disgusted to even eat or drink. I did not have a good time here no matter how hard I tried. The music was alright. From house to old school hip hop/ rnb. The crowd was anywhere from preppy, hipster, slutty to hip hop and Jersey Shore-ish. Really.  We walked around, danced a bit and found a spot to chill. I wasted 2 hours of my life here. If it wasn't for friends, I wouldn't be here. Weird and awkward vibe. Ugh!
Good service for me,pretty good food and massive portions.....fried pickles were good,burger was great....ceasar salad needed more flavor,nacho's were massive but could use less chips and more toppings (and better cheese).....happy hour drinks were strong and good.  All in all a good place to go and will for sure be back.Good prices and good quality,fresh food.
Poor McFadden's. They have honestly gone down hill. I came here for Happy Hour on a Friday night, and was severely disappointed. Their Irish nachos are the best, but... The service was so terrible I lack the words to express my disappointment. It took forever to have someone take our order, let alone bring us our drinks. We watched as the waitress asked another table if the food we had ordered was theirs. We Didn't receive an offer to refill our drinks, just plopped our food down and walked away. Next we ordered another appetizer. Once again the waiter wandered around the dining room, searching for our table. The poor guy had to go ask someone in the back, then proceeded to give our food to other guests. To top it all off, the worst of the worst. The waitress TOOK FOOD off of THE OTHER TABLE and put it in front of us. Really!? REALLY!?!?! Disgraceful, Let alone disgusting! I will never  give this place my money again. In the words of Doge, "Such disappoint. Much anger. Wow."
I'm not sure why this place has so many bad reviews, but I will continue with mine.  I came here on a Saturday night after a friend's dinner - my other friend invited me for half off drinks. It's located right above Yard House near the Rave Theaters which helps with parking if you parked near H&M. Anyways, the music here is a mix of everything! I love variety. The happy hour menu was alright, but disappointed me because my favorite drink, AMF, was not on the menu. The crowd here is aimed towards the young crowd, but that's fine with me. The dance floor is pretty much wherever you make it and you can even play beer pong. They have an outside patio which allows for more conversation amongst people.  All in all, I will definitely be back here.
It's a mess at McFadden's, and even has the delightful, pungent smell of vomit in some places.   Many friends come here to drink and hang out; we also hang to crowd the overused bathrooms!   Bartenders can be forceful and crabby, but they can remember your drink at least. Sometimes they direct you to waitresses, who are hard to find!!! I only saw one the entire night.   They let guests dance on the bar to the weirdest songs. The crowd is odd; mostly young people, but some old ones, too!   Don't forget the crazy overpriced food!! If you couldn't win prizes fun prizes here, everyone would just pass this place by!   It's that bar where you reminisce about the college parties you used to have, since mostly college kids spend their days here!
WOW!! It's my first time here!! It's turnt up and ratchet! HAHAHA. It's a pretty freakin' big venue... We got drunk and had fun. Besides that I don't have much to say about it!
Can I give a no star?  First and last visit!  My friends dragged me in on a Friday night right before 6:30 pm, something about 'Irish Nachos' and the experience was dreadful.  From the waitress with nothing to do who looked our way and fled in a different direction to the group of staff with the 'lalalalala...don't see you' expressions on their faces.  I kept looking for the people from Mystery Diners because really?really?!  I wanted to leave right then because I really hate bad customer service.  My friends convinced me to tough it out for the first round of drinks but decided I was right when the waitress dropped the plate of  Irish Nachos to the table hard enough to make the food jump.  You had 5 customers who walked in the door with the intent of ordering drinks, appetizers, and dinner and you had 5 customers leave after 5 drinks and one plate of Irish Nachos at happy hour prices.   I won't be back.
This place used to be a lot of fun but has recently gotten way too overcrowded! I used to come here with my friends a lot but the past couple weekends has been insane. We went on one of the nights they had wristbands. My friend got the gold one which meant free drinks for her and we got the regular wrist bands - 50% off.. still an amazing deal! It just sucked that they were so packed. It was difficult to order drinks on multiple occasions because there's always so many people at the bars. It's also impossible to walk around because it's so crowded! The dance floor is also hard to move around! The music wasn't always so great though. It was always a mix of 80s-90s hip hop with a couple current hits mixed in. Very strange to dance to but it was still fun. I miss the old days before this place got so popular but I guess that's good for them.
Food is mediocre at best and the server had no idea what she was doing. Even during happy hour this place is not worth it.
This place used to be really fun to go to but now that it has been hella crowded. It's the new spot for everyone now. Every time I go here now it's like packed sardines in a can.  With that being said, their fishbowl drink is pretty good. It's a good size. You can share with friends and it's only $25.  They always have these contests where you can win open bar and your friends drink half off.
My friend and I were charged 20$ entry fee. On 2-8-14.  Which wouldn't have been a problem except that all other locals were charged 5$. After finding out from Mcfaddens security that this was a "thug" fee from the contracted company paid for managing the front door entry. After requesting to speak to management and being ignore for over 45 minutes waiting I truly hope you don't do this to other minorities visiting your establishment.Shame on you Mcfaddens!Not the best way to treat loyal locals!
I went to this dump on Friday 02/08/2014. Actually it was the morning of Saturday 02/09/2014 at 1:00am. I wanted to just walk through and have a few drinks and see if there was any attractive women at the bar. I was met at the door by what appeared to be some sort of bouncer. He was the most unfriendly bouncer I have ever met at a door. He asked for my ID, and after he inspected and found I was clearly 21 he mumbled "$20 cover charge." I said, "WHAT?" He repeated "T-W-E-N-T-Y D-O-L-L-A-R-S!!!" What a punk. I said "no thank you, I wouldn't pay O-N-E D-O-L-L-A-R especially after being spoken too like that.." I will never go back. I am guessing this place will be closed within 6-12 months if they don't change how they treat people.
This place is more like McSadden...we walked in, there was not anyone at the front, there was a group of like 8!sitting outside & two tables inside.  There were two people at the bar, the rest of the place was dark with chairs on the tables & back inside bar.  We should have turned around & walked out but instead our direction took us deeper in.  Finally we saw an employee other then the guy behind the bar who never acknowledges us.  We were told that it was open seating and to sit anywhere.  After a long 5 minutes a girl finally came by and took our drink orders.  She was back fairly quick, no surprise there with our drinks.  I asked if they had corned beef & cabbage being that St Patricks day is coming & she replied no.  I asked her what kind of an Irish place was this to not have that?  When she finally stopped laughing she just shuffled her shoulders & said sorry.  There is nothing special about this bar food place.  If not for the unlimited happy hour until they go out of business, I don't believe they would have any business.  After we were done with less then impressive bar food, we left & noticed every place around them was packed.  Like I said, we had plenty of opportunity to run but we did not. The last kicker, the place below then which is NOT an Irish place is advertising corned beef & cabbage starting the 14th.  This place I am not sure as even the waitress did not know. Its a great place for a drink & that is about it.  The kicker, I had to go to the bar to ask to pay as our waitress disappeared in the back and never came back after dropping off the bill.
Slow unaware rookie bartenders & staff in general, more concerned about taking shots than helping customers, definitely do not recommend this place.
So my friends and I did a ladies night out and this was our first stop. I used to come here when they were still inside the Rio. This was my first time at the new location. It's very spacious and the three times bigger than the old one, which is awesome.  They have a bigger bar and more tables.  The tables though were only for those who reserved one though, which kinda sucked.  With as many as they had (and empty too) it would have been nice if they had allowed us to use one. There was about 5 of us and we tried, but they said we had to wait until a certain time to see if anyone showed up for them, so we just stuck to the bar. They didn't have enough bartenders and it was hard getting a drink, but once we it was good. We also tried some of their food, which was cooked well and tasted great.   By the time we got ready for our second round of drinks we noticed there was an increase in prices for the exact same drinks we previously ordered. When we asked the bartender why she couldn't really tell us. After a few minutes of one of my friends going back and forth over this the bartender gave her a discount. By that time I decided I didn't want another drink. I was a little put off by it and their attitudes weren't very friendly either. The bartenders at the old location were friendly and down to earth. The ones from last night seemed a bit stuck up and unapologetic. We never had an issue like this before, at any bar.   I can't say that I won't be back, but I really hope that our next visit is a lot better. The McFadden's atmosphere is usually epic. Last night was good, minus that one hiccup, and the music/dj was great as well.
Security guard (older man) was a total a**hole! I had ONE question for him and he interrupted me mid-sentence and put his hands on me for NO REASON! Excuse me but I am a grown woman not a little child getting drunk here! Treat people with respect! I just wanted to ask something real quick. F THIS PLACE! It's is super TRASHY, crappy drinks, DIRTY INSIDE, and to top it off security were jerks??? No way, no how will I ever go here again and neither should you. It's a bunch of 21 years olds that are sloppy drunk and trashy. I pray this place goes out of business. McFadden's is a big NOPE!!!!
Last night we attended an event for Project Teddy, a local charity for children's cancer. It was a prearranged cocktail crawl in Townsquare, Mcfadden's was our third stop. When we walked in the door they would not honor the drink tickets that were part of the purchase of your ticket for the evening (one drink at each stop). They said that the manager who had approved the event had been demoted to a cook so they wanted to charge five dollars per person to Project Teddy for the 110 people that were in the group. Needless to say we all got up and walked out immediately. This event is for children suffering with cancer and McFadden's management wanted to make money on it over and above the money they were going to make from the food and beverage orders that people would have placed had we stayed there. I will never go to there again.
If you want cheap food, nice music, and drinks with friends.. this is the place to go at Town Square! I always come here to have a nice time with friends. They have booths to sit down if you just want to have a nice conversation with a friend or a dj setup booth with a dance floor if you want to get down and dance!   I go here for there delicious fishbowl drinks! I cant say which flavor I like.. i love them all! You cannot taste the alcohol at all. Its so sweet and so delicious. Its perfect for a nice, warm, summer night to cool off!  This is a must-try local bar! Remember, drink responsibly!
Food was decent. The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars. Service was terrible! This place has an identity crisis. They can't decide if they want to be a restaurant or a nightclub. We arrived just after 9 pm for dinner, and right about then they become a nightclub. This place is in a shopping mall so my friend had a Bath and Body works bag and they weren't sure if she should be allowed in or not. Our server took our order and brought our check. A runner brought our food and drinks and she never checked on us at all. We requested napkins and were never given any. Bouncer refused to take our photo. Such a joke. I reminded him he works at McFadden's in a mall, but he said he couldn't. The DJ played early 90s music, which is our genre. Even though the crowd was considerably younger. They could've made a bigger tip off us than anyone in the place, but didn't pay us much attention. Will never return. And will expect a different place in a few months, as per usual for this location.
The weekend crew is good. Tuesday around 7pm not so snappy. Sticking to the weekend program.
I went to mcfaddens and then came back because i won a happy hour i had so much fun with my friends . Such a nice atmosphere ,good music and drinks . Will be back again
Huge bar/restaurant. This location has changed from Cadillac Ranch to some country kitchen style place and now McFadden's. Great happy hour deals until 7pm weekdays, 9pm Saturday. Mostly bar food, not a lot of English/Irish pub food. The hot pretzels are tasty. The burgers start at $5 and are really good. Short skirts on the waitresses and plenty of space for large groups makes it perfect for hanging out with friends. Blue Martini is right next door so you might be able to catch stray cougars who struck out over there.
This place is horrible! They have a ridiculous cover charge and after 11 they have somewhat of a dress code. This is a bar not a multi million dollar nightclub. The security staff that work the doors have a sense of great power, holding the line up to their discretion when not anywhere near capacity. My friend showed up exactly at 11 and wanted to charge him cover and not let him in because he had a t shirt on like the rest of us already inside. Captain save the day doorman said he would let him in for a $20 tip, seriously?! The drinks are hard to get due to the lack of service and when you finally do get one, it's served in a small cheap flimsy plastic cup that is full of ice and completely watered down. Do yourself a favor and take your hard earned money somewhere else that deserves your business. This location has been a failure multiple times and it looks like mcfaddens will not be here much longer with the way they run their business.
I love mcfaddens.  I ALWAYS have a good time here. Too much of a good time.  The service here is awesome! Bartenders are fast paced for the crowd and you can dance on the bars too- if you're a girl! Hahaha
I will be the first to admit that I used to not be a fan of McFadden's, but times have changed and now I enjoy coming here with friends! If you need some air then step right out onto their patio. Two beer pong tables are located near the back on week days and on the elevated area to your right during weekends.   The food is your typical bar food so there's nothing amazing about it, but it's still decent eats. However, the Fried Mozarella Sticks with their spicy marinara sauce is delicious.  Favorite bartender? Fonzie! He will do shots with you! Ryan is also one of my favorites. Every person that we've had take care of us has been nothing short of friendly, fun, and talkative. I love the remixes that they play here and it always has me dancing!  *** News! Wednesday nights are now Ladies' Nights as of 05/14/2014. Complimentary well drinks and domestic beer for the ladies after 9 PM!
Waitress was very nice... Aside that, food was thumbs down :-(  We had the veggie burger, chicken fingers, and Irish nachos (tater tots).   Avocado on veggie burger was brown and "burger pattie" was slippery/slimey, lettuce on side salad was wilted,   chicken fingers were okay, tots were for my brother he said they were ok. We also never got actual silverware lol. A lonely fork came on the plate of my salad.   Idk why when  certain places don't give you your full change back either. Our bill was 30.81$, I gave her 100$, I got 69$ back when the receipt states  69.19$...where's my 0.19$..... Just saying. No big. Okkkk. TVs are literally the only reason it attracted us.
Ive come to Mcfaddens a couple times due to their cheap drinks and have had the same horrible experience with servers every time! This time, the bartender didn't like the tip my friend left (which was the standard of a couple bucks per drink) and blew her whistle and continued to call my friend out on it in front of the whole bar!! She's lucky she even got a tip after making us wait for half an hour while serving people who just walked up to the bar after me when i was obviously there before them. The bartenders here act like total mean girls and its a very unpleasant experience. They bully customers and act so unprofessionally. No wonder nobody tips them. They're all a bunch of nasty mean girls. I'd give negative stars if I could.
Came in for some appetizers, stayed for about an hour. The bartender was very polite, knowledgable and most important -honest and had a sense of humor. Food was a 4/5, service was 4.5 / 5. We'd come back here during our next trip out.
I feel like it won't be long before this establishment is on the list of failed restaurants that have previously occupied this same space.  The service is not there, the food isn't appetizing.  There are other options to choose from within Town Square- I wouldn't recommend McFadden's as one of my faves.
Just tried this location at Town Square. For a Saturday night with the UFC fights on all the TVs, this place was dead. Not a good sign for this location. Unfortunately, I don't have high hopes for this place based on the food and service, both of which were really bad. My wife has the fish and chips, and the fish was overbattered and overcooked. The fries are 'meh'. I had the Shepherd's Pie, which is served on a skillet with a covering of mashed potatoes. Wasn't very tasty, and the serving size is really small for $15. I do not recommend it. My Guinness was served in a stange (a slender cylinder for the non-beer drinking crowd). The glass was labelled "Fosters". I have never in my life seen Guinness served in a stange, and it was a bad look for an Irish bar. The worst thing was that the bartender didn't let the Guinness settle at all, just a straight pour to the top. Ugh. That is a sin in any bar, but it's crazy poor service for an Irish bar. Our waitress appeared to be having a bad day, and she was inattentive and unfriendly.  The only worker that was pleasant was the guy that brought the food to the table. I really cannot recommend this place. There's a Yard House downstairs from this place if you're looking for an alternative at Town Square.
The inside of the place looks great and I dig the walls with windows separation between the different areas of the restaurant. It is super cool that in the bar area there is a tv at every table on the outer wall. I ended up eating a sandwich with fries. I have to say I am always impressed when I get steak fries with a meal. I feel like a lot of places over look the fries but they are important too! So thank you for the large quantity of steak fries on my plate and the real bacon and leaf of lettuce, not iceberg - yuck, in my sandwich. I appreciate those details. Also, the bread pudding is hands down the best things I ate there. Don't leave without getting some. It was oh so yummy. Yes, you can tell this place is new. The staff seems green. Overly friendly but don't give straws and constantly trying to take plates away, which isn't such a bad thing just distracting. We also tried the fried pickles and they were disappointing. Too thin. Make them thicker. Hand cut them instead of what looked precut from a jar. There should be a higher ratio of pickle to batter in my opinion. This place just has a few little kinks that need to be worked out here and there. I'm gonna give them another shot in a few weeks.
Attractive, but unfinished inside. Window still has previous restaurants hours and happy hour listed. No specials, no happy hour. Server was kind, but had NO menu knowledge. Our meal was way below par even for pub food. Owner/manager(?) had a perfect opportunity to take care of us being that we were served stale cold food, but instead invited us to:   1. Come back 2. Find him 3. Ask for free food to make up for the stale cold food we were served.   We won't be back.
Decor -Fail Menu -Fail Pricing - Fail Ambience - Fail Table setup - Fail Food - Fail Manager/Owner - Fail/Fail 6 Month and it will closed  I feel bad for the people working for this dbag, run and find another job! 1 star becouse you have to post!  Details for rating: I was excited to see another open in place of TGI Fridays after all these years. But that only lasted a few seconds! A very weird buildup around the bar, it's like a box inside of a box and the tables are just an after thought for dinning! Black walls no decor but cheap beer neon signs, no lights just Christmas light strung overhead of dining tables, very dark and the print on menu is so small you cant read. No music just akward silence. Waitress said a lot people use there phones to read the menu!! Manager n is about this - that's a problem! It's like they don't know what they want to be - tortilla soup as the daily soup in an Irish restaurant - odd! Linen table clothes that continues moving all over table. There is only maybe 4 items that is Irish on the menu, it all over the place. Then they have steaks at the price of Shula's... Uh no way was I going to try that! Now let's talk about the food! It was horrible! The mozzarella sticks were barely warm and they serve the marina sauce cold, no really it's meant to be cold! The Shepard pie, well half of it was burnt and you could smell the burnt cheese. There was no flavor!! And it was suggested - no highly pushed to me and another table to use the HP Steak sauce to make it taste better! Really use a table condiment to add flavor!!! Wheres the meat???? I could barely find it among the frozen peas and carrots! That was disgusting! Sent that back and waitress was nice about that! Round 2 - meatloaf, again no flavor had to soak in ketchup, as waitress pwas asking me about the meatloaf the owner/manager approached table. I told him I'm glad I had ketchup! It has no flavor! He then asked with his hand in pockets and a bs attitude how they should cook! I then explained that my teenage daughter makes a better meatloaf and their shepards pie didn't have flavor either! He then asked how they should cook it and what I would add to make it better! I told him I'm not a chef but you can go to Cornish Pasty on Dobson and Guadalupe and ask them how one done! The guy was a dbag and after asking several times about -well if you can't eat it and it not comfortable for, I don't want to eating. so I told him fine. He grabbed my plate and ran away like a child. He didn't offer anything else or nothing. So We waited for the waitress to return and she dropped the check and they only took of my meal! Considering the attitude from the owner/manager the entire meal should have comped especially the display he made in front of my kid!
The servers you can tell are new I caught them many times standing around while looking at us the whole time with empty water glasses. They were also over staffed so multiple servers all just kind of came to a table at once if it was a big table I would understand but for just a single plate 2 servers don't need to come to the table. But the servers were all very nice.  We ordered jalepeno poppers as an appetizer which were very good.  My girlfriend ordered a grilled chicken sandwich that she said was good but they forgot to cut it in half so she had to do it herself which isn't a big deal just a minor annoyance.  I had their special 1 pound burger with 2 patties on it, i asked for medium rare  What I got was one at medium rare and one well done,Which I can live with but they also didn't have much flavor to them. After it all fell apart on me I pretty much gave up. Awesome portions of steak fries though very good.  I'll let this place work out everything before I give it a second chance.
Went here for the first time last night, with my boyfriend and a few of his buddies, to do some drinking. We sat up at the bar for several hours and chatted with the bartender. The guy was extremely nice, and I think he just enjoyed having someone to talk to. After a while we ordered the Mcnachos, which were huge! It was a simple appetizer with chips, beans, chili, and cheese sauce with the sides of salsa, jalapenos, sour cream, and guac. I was pleased with the serving size and how good it really was. After a while, the manager showed up to make sure everything was good and if we needed anything. He was VERY friendly and took good care of us while the bartender was busy with other clients. This place is definitely a new restaurant but has real potential. I will definitely recommend this place for a different environment on this side of town.
There's no question this place is new, but it has real potential. This part of Mesa is lacking in non-megachain restaurants so to see a staff that genuinely wants to make your experience a positive one is refreshing.  Food! Outstanding. Portions are pretty excellent. All I had was the Guinness Mac and Cheese and I was nearly stuffed! I say "nearly" because I had to make room for the bread pudding. More on that in a second.  My wife has considerable allergies so when a friend proposed we eat here before heading off to a party, we were a bit reluctant. The server was a sweetheart and went in to speak with the chefs (chefs, not cooks!) they made her a custom version of Shepherds Pie that met her requirements. I was thoroughly impressed with their willingness to accommodate.   My buddy, who recommended the place, was raving about the bread pudding so I figured I'd give it a go. My wife couldn't have any, so he and I split it. Good freakin gravy, that was the best bread pudding I've ever had.   Staff! A lot of staff for a low volume place, but they just opened in an area that, up to this point, was essentially dead. They have their work cut out for them, but I think as they get their name out there, business will definitely pick up.  The owner is a tried and true Bostonian (complete with accent). Incredibly nice guy who pulled up a chair and sat and joined us for a bit to chat, told us a couple of jokes and all in all, did exactly what an owner should do: meet the patrons.  Decor! The one thing that struck me about the owner was his willingness to accept feedback. He acknowledges that it's still a work in progress and told us his plans for the patio and signage to differentiate the restaurant from the pub, which is located smack in the middle of the restaurant, away from restaurant goers so they can enjoy their sports on their many-TV walls. He plans on improving the decor so it doesn't look and feel so empty.   All in all, there's a bright future in store for O'Briens. There will be new specials in the near future including happy hour and more. I'm looking forward to my next meal here just to see how much more they've done with it.  Also, the owner does a spot in Rodney Dangerfield impression.  Keep up the good work, guys!
Their food is awesome! The servers are very friendly. We've gone a few times now and we're never disappointed.
I had been waiting for a VERY long time for this place to open, and I'm happy to say that I wasn't disappointed.    Thankfully, O'Briens is not a chain, which means they don't have the chain-restaurant mentality.  This can be both good and bad.  O'Briens didn't have the well-oiled-machine type of vibe that I usually get in chain restaurants, and that resulted in a few stumbles in quality and service.  The manager is often in the dining room or in the bar amongst the patrons. Every time that I've spoken to him, he's been warm, friendly, and receptive to ideas and criticisms alike. In the few instances that it was necessary, he has never failed to make things right for me.  Every time that I've been in to O'Briens (and it's been MANY times, I assure you), the staff has been friendly, engaging, helpful and attentive.  I've even brought friends who have dietary restrictions and O'Briens' staff and chefs (CHEFS!) have never failed to come up with something to accommodate their needs.  Inside, the decor leave something to be desired.  I'm told that it's going to improve, as well as the addition of patio seating soon.  I have no idea if these things will come to fruition, but I, for one, am looking forward to finding out!  Overall, the food is VERY good.  Their Fish and Chips is EXCELLENT.  Their meatloaf was a little different, but I like it!  The portions are LARGE, so come hungry or be prepared for leftovers.  I certainly feel that O'Briens provides good value for the money.  The Shepherd's Pie was good, but a little bland for my taste... however, I found out later that it was intended to be that way.  It was supposed to be served with a bottle of HP sauce so that the pie can be flavored to the individual taste of the guest.  My Shepherd's Pie didn't happen to come with a bottle of HP, which was a training issue that was quickly resolved when the manager heard about it.  Since then, I've seen people use a little HP sauce, use a lot, or none at all!  It's an interesting concept, but it works, and I think that it works well for the dish.  Which brings me to the Bread Pudding.  Oh, where do I BEGIN??  It is, without any doubt, the BEST bread pudding that I've had in a restaurant.  PERIOD.  The first time that I had it, I asked the manager if he had a license to sell that stuff because it was DANGEROUS!  I was happy when O'Briens opened and despite their first month hiccups, I'm happy they're still here.  I look forward to seeing them evolve into a neighborhood  institution.
So after driving by this place since they opened repeatedly we finally had a chance to stop by the new place today and wanted to explore the menu while watching some football.  We ordered an appetizer, sandwiches and a desert.  We left with a nicely filled "to-go" container and were very satisfied.  FYI, the servings are quite large.  They set up the building to have the general dinning on the outer edge of the restaurant and the bar is in the center.  What is unique and something that I like is that the bar area is separated from the general dinning room by walls with windows and a set of doors which is nice if you are looking for a quiet dinning experience and are not wanting to listen to the bar activity going on 5 to 10 feet away.  There is also a private dinning area in the back.  We did not get a look at that though.  The dcor is a darker wood, walls and trim but there are a lot of windows and plenty of lighting so that you can read the menu without having any problems.  My night vision isn't what is used to be so that that means there is plenty of light.  lol Since we were looking to watch the football games we just headed for the bar.  The dinning area looked nice and clean.  It seemed like the bar had all the various games on so they must have the NFL package.  If you sit at one of the lower tables you can control the TV at your station and pick whichever station/game you like.  So that is pretty nice.  So for the food.... We ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms for the appetizer.  They showed up and we were surprised by the size.  They were each about 3 to 4" across and freshly cooked. The shrooms were great and the accompanying sauce was good too. For the main part of the meal, the wife had a Rueben and I had the Corned Beef sandwich.  One had the steak fries and one had the onion rings.  The pastrami was very lean and excellent.  The corned beef was very good as well.  I'm looking forward to going again for the dinner version of the corned beef. For desert, we opted for the bread pudding.  Again it was very good.  The sauce that it came with was the highlight.  Very good but not overly strong the way some will come.  I really enjoy bread pudding and normally jump at the chance to try a new version.  I would rank this up as one of the top puddings on my list.  You definitely need to try this. The service was great.  The waiters were well versed in the food that they offer and explained the prep and contents very well.  That is so nice to have when you are new to a restaurant.  They stopped by frequently and we never had to worry about glasses being empty.  Note: I generally rely on yelp reviews when I'm going to a new place to eat and I was a little worried after reading the review from Oct 21st but after my experience and seeing that this "person" has only completed 1 review in their lifetime on yelp I am guessing that it is a fake account and they probably work or own a nearby competitor.  Take that for what it is.  I will be back.  Especially on Sundays!
Glad I stopped , they weren't busy still a new place off the radar .  Man was that Beer cold!!!!  Great happy hour prices ,great food !!
Was just in Phoenix for a couple days and gave O'Briens a shot. I always try to find local gems over chains and I'm usually happy I did. And I was again here. The place is new and they could use a few more people in the place. But I think they have great potential. Good food. Nice servers. And the owner made sure we enjoyed ourselves and made sure we tried the bread pudding. When I go back, I may try to bring some of that stuff home. To die for!
I thought a lot about this pub after leaving Friday night.  I love this hatch-ling.  The bar in the center interior is fantastic.  Intimate.  If you want your very own place where after a few visits you are a known regular with your own seat, then now is the time to claim your place.  I thought about ladies like myself who love sports bars and wish I lived near here so this could be my place for my gal pals and I to meet and eat and drink - alas I'm in Los Angeles.  The beers were larger than other bars - I have no idea but maybe over 16 oz?  I tried 4 peaks kilt-lifter - yummy.  We had "Irish Pizza" and "Shepherds Pie Sliders" split between 3 ladies these two apps were just right.  The seating area of the restaurant will need more time to be an outdoors indoors.  You have to see this place, the bar area is like a building inside of the restaurant that looks like an Irish pub.  The seating around this "building" could look more like an exterior setting.  I'm thinking street lights and twinkly lights and shrubbery.  Gotta love shrubbery.  They are finishing a private function room with big TVs that looks good too.  There are about 20 TVs in the bar.  We laughed a lot and had a great visit at this bar.  I'll be back at least once a year.  Thanks O'Briens and Thanks Mesa for a nice visit.
Finally got to check this place out. Had to try the cornbeef. Very good. The best was the stuffed mushrooms. Cant wait to go back.
Went back to try Happy Hour at O'Brien's and holy crap, those plates were huge and delicious! If you get a chance stop by for their happy hour it is well worth it. Staff is still green but noticeably getting better. It was just as cold in the restaurant as is was outside, fine once you start eating and drinking though. Perhaps a few degrees warmer would have been nice. A couple next to us was complaining about the cold too. Shouldn't need a jacket inside a building. Definitely, will be back to try more!
I have lived in Mesa most of my life here in Arizona, and I remember this location when it used to be TGIFriday's. (when they were decent)  I typically do not drive on Longmore Rd. unless stopping at Fiesta Mall for something, which is rare these days; however, I did recently drive by and noticed O'Brien's "Yes! We're Open!" sign.  I thought, "oh wow! After all these years, it's finally occupied again."    I decided to try it out this past Sunday since I read on their site they showed "All of the games".  We got there right as they opened or maybe a few minutes just past, and I was impressed with the decor. I loved that they kept the bar separate from the restaurant and was right in your view as you walked in. Definitely inviting, and the color scheme is very warm with rich browns and dark wood.    And when they said "All of the games", they weren't kidding! 16 tvs (I believe is what I counted), in the bar area and they did in fact have all of the football games along with basketball, hockey, golf, and even bowling.  Definitely, something for every sports fan.  We were greeted by two bartenders, one who had been there since they opened in September and the other was her first day. Both were incredibly friendly and I have to give props to the "veteran" bartender who informed me after I ordered a bloody mary that their mix was very spicey and she can make it less spicey for me if I like. I really appreciate a bartender who gives details like that and it was an A-MAZING bloody mary. To my surprise, it came with a slim jim. Who would've thought it would be good!? Well, it was and after I told a few friends about it, they made their way to join me in about an hour.  (And they too ordered a bloody mary)  There wasn't much of a crowd but then again, it was late morning on a Sunday and most of the "good" games weren't showing until 2:30pm, so I wasn't too surprised. But by 1pm, the bar was definitely filling up and while the bartenders may have been frazzled by the sudden increase in patrons, it never took the smile off their face.  It was clear they were understaffed but those that were available definitely gave it their best service.  We ordered the fried pickles and McNachos and I was incredibly impressed with the portions for both.  A nice helping of fried pickles definitely made me happy and the batter was nice and light and had a bit of flakeyness to it which was perfect. The McNachos were HUGE and very tasty. I also liked that they put the toppings off to the side, which made it easier to dip/dunk instead of having a plate of soggy nachos.  I'm looking forward to trying other items on the menu, for sure.  They also did have drink specials which I learned once I asked, but they weren't listed anywhere.  With some more advertising, stable wait staff, and a few tuneups here and there, this place can definitely be the new "it spot" for us in the area. I will definitely be back and plan to bring others with me. I would love to see this place stick around!
Tried this place for the first time and it's okay.  Watched the owner refuse service to a guy in a tank top who seemed horribly offended.  The owner later told me that he's not running a dive bar.  Good for him!  Although I was unaware that only classless people who hang out in dive bars wear tank tops.  It was about 6 pm and there were 8 or 9 people in the restaurant.  We ate in the bar which was as quiet as a library.  16 televisions and no volume on any of them.  The owner remained sitting at the end of the bar the entire time we were there, however he was not drinking.  Our server who was also the bartender was very pleasant, but had no knowledge of the menu items and had to actually reference the menu to tell you what came with your order.  We had the fish fry dinners for $12.99 with an iced tea and Dr. Pepper.  The order came with 3 fish filet's, hand cut french fries, cole slaw, tartar sauce, and one large onion ring.  Our server told us the dinner came with onion rings at first and we wondered why they would call it fish n' chips.  The fish was just okay.  Small filet of cod and plenty of breading.  Nothing I would go back for.  The onion ring was hand battered and probably the best part of the meal.  The fries were good and not greasy.  The cole slaw tasted freshly cut, but had absolutely no flavor whatsoever.  The total bill was $33 and change, so I guess the (what we thought were free refills) were not.  Old bar trick...pack the glass with ice, so they drink it up faster.  It's just a matter of time before this place goes under.  Micro managing owner, untrained staff, mediocre food, and a near morgue like atmosphere is just not a recipe for success.
The set up of the bar has a lot of potential & the service is great.  They do have a lot of growing to do, but they are still a fairly new bar.  Give them a year or so of development & this 4 star review will become a 5 star review!
A great bar with individual controls for TVs around the walls. Outside the central bar area is restaurant seating indoors and a nice patio. Beer price per volume is excellent. Good selection on tap and plenty of spirits to be enjoyed straight or in cocktails. Food is uniformly well prepared. I especially like the fish sticks, cut fresh from filets. The owner is attentive to this new Irish pub. Great happy hour menu!
The worst St. Patrick's ever. We waited 30 minutes to be seated, and nobody helped us at all, so we decided to sit ourselves in the bar area. We cleaned out our own table (waitress left her cleaning supplies on the table and left to do something else and came back 15 minutes later). We ordered 2 drinks, and that was around 20 minutes wait. Then ordered an appetizer and 2 entrees, and after 40 minutes of waiting, we had to ask our waitress for the appetizer which she forgot to order. In the meantime, other tables (of people that got there way after us) where having meals that they didn't ordered, cold plates, etc. but at least they were having food. She brought the appetizer 15 minutes later, but not our food, waited another 30 minutes for the food and we had to look for her (she was all over the place and unavailable) to ask her about the food. She came back 15 minutes later to tell us they run out of what we ordered around 1 and a half hours before. We left right after, really hungry and after 2 1/2 hours of the worst service and wait ever. I don't have an opinion about the food, because we didn't "have the chance" to eat, but If you want to keep in business, you will need to hire qualified and more staff. Super disappointing experience.
The drinks at this place are reasonably priced without happy hour!  Well drinks are just 4 and guineas 22 ounce for 5. The bartenders are attentive and friendly. My husband ordered the blarny burger and he loved it. It was cooked perfectly.  I ordered fish and chips and I didnt love it. The fish was kind of bland and the cole slaw too. But...I will be back for the drinks!!
This was a descent place when it was open. It didn't even last one year. I blame the owner. The food was really good, the servers were eager to help you, sometimes too eager since I never saw more than 1 other customer there in their early days. I think the most I have ever seen was five tables being served in the dining room.  Hence the problem. The owner acted like a stubborn ass, and would not do any advertising. He did not take any advice from local patrons or his employees. He did not seem to try and reach out to the community. He would also talk customers' ears off while they ate and would berate his employees publicly. This area of town is already struggling to lift itself out of the recession, and we could tell this guy's business was doomed from the start.  It's too bad. it was a nice place with great food. Now it is another abandoned building adding to the already existing blight in this part of Mesa. I feel bad for the employees. They deserved better.
St. Patrick's Day and after a day of work and night at the gym I wanted to go out and get an order of corned beef & cabbage and a Guinness. After two failed attempts at other establishments (one $10 per person to get in and the second closed the kitchen at 8) I called O'Brien's. I was impressed that they answered the phone, it sounded quiet in the background, and their kitchen was open until 12.   It is right behind the Fiesta Mall and had plenty of parking. When I walked in it was spacious and although there were several people it was not too busy - and it was quiet. We sat down at 9:20 in the bar area. There was a guy cleaning tables beside us and two servers that walked by multiple times. The hostess came in, gave someone a menu, and left. We still waited.   I looked at everyone as they waited on surrounding tables or walked by, yet we went unacknowledged. I stopped someone and asked if we could get a minute. We finally received one and it was some minutes before the server came to our table. When she did she said "oh wait - let me get some paper to write down your order". She returned quickly and wrote down the corned beef & cabbage, a Guinness, and lemonade.   We waited, and waited, and waited some more. I was growing increasingly impatient. I saw her occasionally walking around, yet we still had no drink. 15 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes. Still no drink. I understand the food would take longer, but the drinks? I looked at their clock and it said 8:57. I stopped a different server walking by told her I was five minutes from walking out. She asked why and I informed her we still didn't have drinks.   A guy came up, apologized and I said whatever - I am leaving in three minutes. He asked what we ordered. I said apparently a time consuming lemonade and Guinness because we can't seem to get one in under a half hour. He looked shocked and asked what food we ordered. He apologized and said he would check on it. I reminded him he was down to two minutes and I didn't care what he did with it.   He did hustle and brought the lemonade and Guinness, and apologized. Then he went into the back and immediately returned with a plate of corned beef and cabbage. We had also at some point added mozzarella sticks and he returned a couple of minutes later with those. Our original server came by and she said "oh, sorry" and asked if she could get anything else for us. I said how about a second set of silverware. She said okay, but we never did see that surface.   Another server stopped by, apologized and said "there have been a lot of mix-ups tonight". She said the manager would stop by and talk to us, but he was with someone else right now. The helpful male server stopped by again to see if we needed anything, and the manager showed up at the same time. He dropped off another Guinness and lemonade that must have been from the kid's menu. I told him I didn't think I would drink that other beer. He said "try", then he walked the male server to the side and asked where we came from....meaning whose table did he take over. Then he said something about taking the food and someone had been waiting for something for a long time - it sounded like he was getting in trouble for helping out. Maybe he took someone else's food. I don't know what their story was, and sorry I we ate your food.   The manager never did speak to us other than giving us the free drinks we didn't want. They did not take anything off the bill - the corned beef, the cheese sticks, lemonade, and Guinness came to $26.45. We also never received the second set of silverware.   I understand it is St. Patrick's Day and most places are crazy busy. This was not that busy and had sufficient staff coverage. For an Irish bar this is your Black Friday. You have one day that you are really busy and need to be at the top of your game. This was far from it. The food was good, but the service (except for the one guy who eventually got talked to) was horrible. It was slow and I was getting annoyed before it really was slow and I was annoyed. It should not take that long to get a menu, and then drinks should be immediate - not 40 minutes.   I appreciate the server who tried to help, even if he got in trouble. Even though the food was good, I will never go back to that business. If someone were to take my dead body and put it in the restaurant I would turn into a zombie if nothing more than to walk out of there.
